Last Sunday, August 11th 2019, I met dear family for brunch at Urban Farmer Phila. My family visiting from out of town had several meals there during their visit because they were staying at the Hotel Logan which is UF's "landlord." I can't say i enjoyed my choice ,burger and fries) but my mother and sister enjoyed the poached eggs with avocado on an in-house made English muffin. But when they brought it the first time it came with sauce - though we specifically asked for no salt on anything (and reiterated it) and all sauces on the side, due to health issues. I loved the English muffin but the burger was over cooked and the fries were under cooked, soggy and Luke warm. Though i asked for no salt added on all dishes, mine was more salty than anything i could imagine and the burger was hard and over cooked. I'd go back there again for an English muffin and coffee because it was deliciously grilled and had a perfect texture. Service was okay and the staff is generally  nice but I'm a firm believer in never sending back food unless it's the wrong dish entirely.
Solid happy hour experience at Urban Farmer after spending the day at the Franklin Institute! From food to drinks, everything was gold!

My boyfriend and I popped in at about 5pm on a Friday (happy hour runs Monday through Friday, from 3pm-6pm). It was absolutely gorgeous out so we were more than happy to get a table for two outside. 

The drink specials include $3 beers, $5 wines, and $5 for their classic cocktail. Although I was a little tempted to try their classic cocktail, I decided on the bubbles this time. The bubbles were great, but next time I'll go for the cocktail! My boyfriend got the Neshaminy Creek Hefeweizen which he enjoyed.

As for food, we selected the Urban Farmer Beef Slider, Chicken Pops, and Caramelized Onion Dip. All three were great but the last one definitely stole the show, with the slider a close second!

The dip was outstanding! It was so creamy and flavorful, and the perfect size for both of us to share. It came with house made potato chips which were also fantastic. They were perfect to scoop up the very flavorful dip. Both the chips and dip were so incredibly good, my boyfriend and I were talking about it for days after! My only complaint is that they definitely need to serve more chips with the dip. Luckily, our waitress had no problem bringing out more chips when we asked. 

The slider was very juicy and tasty. I can only imagine how great their burger is (which brings me to my next point - I wouldn't hesitate to check this place out for lunch or dinner one day...)

I definitely plan to return here for more happy hours this summer. I love the outdoor seating, the food was delicious, and prices were extremely reasonable! $3 beers? $5 house wines or bubbles? $5 for the amazing chips and dip?! I'm sold!
Located on Logan Circle, on The Parkway within the Logan Hotel (formerly Four Seasons) is this oh so adorable, earthy yet country chic space. Exposed brick walls painted white, vintage frames and details, pops of bright colors, florals and hints of southern charm. Just lovely! 

I can't speak about the taste of their farm to table offerings at this point, only about their cocktails which were uber creative. Highlighted ingredients were house made marmalades and pepper jelly, house pickles, sage, singani, absinthe and Fresno chili, to name a few. They were strong and priced a tad high which was really actually appropriate for the atmosphere and locale. The "Third Times A Charm" had me at Vermont Maple Syrup. Yum!! Our bartender was as welcoming as the environment.

There was no wait or crowd on a weekday for an early happy hour making it a very pleasurable, easy quick stop, even with the littles. 

This makes a great place to grab a drink and catch up. I look forward to an entire meal here one day and I will update when that happens. I only wish this was here when I went to college right down the street. I can imagine this would be a great girls brunch/lunch spot! 

There's 2hr street parking on 21st between here and The Academy Of Natural Sciences but we found valet (which is located at the entrance to the hotel) to be more efficient for this particular quick trip.

4 stars for this drink experience. No issues at all.
After two experiences at Urban Farmer, I think three stars is more than fair, and possibly a little generous. My first was lunch with a friend shortly after the opening. I didn't have reservations, and asked the host if I could have a table for two. He said he could seat me at the bar. I assumed the available tables must have been on hold for reservations, but when I settled in at the bar and pulled up Open Table, there were still openings. Needless to say this was not the best start. 

On my second lunch visit, the hostess was busy with calls and another person waiting to be seated. When she was free, I gave her my name and she told me my dining companion had already arrived. I was basically pointed to the direction of the table and I sat myself (Four Seasons, you are missed).  

The most reasonable options for lunch are the sandwiches, which are generously portioned and come with a side. The turkey sandwich is solid and I very much enjoyed the side salad during visit number one. Entree salads get very expensive very quickly, as I can attest after my second lunch, in which a modest-sized Caesar salad with (four) shrimp added-on set me back $23. Ouch. 

The most redeeming thing about each experience has been the service. The blonde female bartender from my first visit was an absolute doll, and the brunette female server who took care of my table on visit two was also very nice and really on top of making sure our drinks were constantly refreshed. 

There are so many great dining options in the Rittenhouse area, and while I love the Logan Hotel's vibes, a girl can't get her kicks on decor alone. Undecided as to when I will return.
After attending a meeting at The Logan, my colleagues and I had a holiday lunch scheduled at Urban Farmer. We were initially seated near the bar for cocktail hour where we enjoyed sliders (delicious), a cheese plate, crab cakes, and hush puppies. I don't typically like hush puppies but Urban Farmer's were exceptional. If that wasn't enough food, we moved to the pantry area for the actual lunch. I ordered the steak and fries with the apple garnished salad starter. One of the best steaks I've ever had and perfectly cooked to medium. I had to ask them to pack dessert as I was too stuffed to eat anything else. I did bring dessert home for my family to enjoy and my son said the oatmeal cookies and chocolate cupcakes were "really good." Service was a little slow but very friendly. Overall it was a solid visit. I can't wait to return for dinner with my husband.
Farm to table done right!

Had a great experience at this place! To start, it's right on the Ben Franklin Parkway, so it's easy to find but parking is tight - I parked 2 blocks into the neighborhood, but if you're lucky, you might see some open spots right on the circle. 

Inside, it's got that rustic chic thing going on - lots of color and interesting light fixtures. It's modern yet traditional - it's a high end comfortable environment. 

For the first course I got their caramelized cauliflower soup. So tasty and unexpected! It's made with cream and topped with a golden raisin relish and charred saffron croutons. So many flavors and love the use of the ingredients! Definitely a must! 

For the entree I ordered their cauliflower steak. I was a bit hesitant on overdoing on the cauliflower, but I went with my gut - and it paid off! It was well roasted, and laid over seasoned lentils with a mango chutney on top! Each piece was savory but not too intense - that melt in your mouth type of feeling. 

For dessert, I ordered one scoop of their toffee chip, and one scoop of their white chocolate ice cream! You can taste how fresh it was! Super creamy, and the flavors were well incorporated throughout. 

Overall, I was impressed on the different treatments of ingredients (the cauliflower in the steak vs. the soup) as well as the quality and quantity of ingredients utilized - really nice to give your taste buds some new things to enjoy!

I also liked all the veggie friendly options available - always looking for more veggie places. The service was top notch. Our water glasses were constantly being refilled, and the servers were great in accommodating for any dietary restrictions. 

I'm already looking forward to my next trip back here!
Very cute space near Logan Square! I loved the indoor and outdoor spaces that they have. I only came here to meet a colleague for drinks therefore I cannot compliment on the food however I will say that the menu looked rather enticing. I am happy to say that I was able to order a few rounds of my most favorite classic cocktail, a Side Car. There is a nice selection of cognacs here as well. Service was impeccable. I look forward to returning for dinner.
My first impression when I walked up to Urban Farmer from the hotel lobby was that the décor here is awesome! Very unique, really cool and a lot of fun! I found myself looking around a lot once I was seated. I came here for lunch. I had a shaved sirloin sandwich, with melted cheese & onion jam on a ciabatta roll that was delicious. I sampled the chicken sandwich, which was very good as well. Plus, the waiter did an outstanding job. 

I'll definitely come back here for dinner. If I have a good steak here, Urban Farmer will jump up to a five star restaurant.
Some of the best French toast I've ever had in my life! Salivating at the thought of the Urban Farmer's French toast. It is simply divine. 

After a long day of birthday festivities, we were too tired to go downstairs for the full experience, but luckily they deliver room service. Hubby ordered the eggs, sausage and potato combo. He enjoyed the food immensely. This will be a MUST on our Philly trips from now onward.
The Urban Farmer is located inside the Logan Hotel and you can eat there at pretty much any time of the day- they have a breakfast, lunch, dinner, happy hour, weekend brunch and a dessert menu.

Our Saturday morning breakfast was very good on all counts. I gave our name to the hostess, and while waiting, I noticed one of the wall displays proudly showcased a Mr. T souvenir plate! They get a coolness point for that.

Our table was available a few minutes later and we met our server who took our coffee and tea orders. The tea came out in a French Press gizmo and that earned the second coolness point of the morning.

I ordered Smoked Potted Salmon ($15) https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=FHU8YRVGFt9DlRNuBAslbA&userid=cVrM2BvOvPV0Vi_rC8kepQ served with a toasted bagel, cream cheese, and arugula. The salmon was a spread, similar to what I know as Baked Salmon Salad, served in a ramekin with a big toasted bagel, a side of pickled onions, and some dressed arugula. It was delicious.

My wife ordered the Granola Malted Waffle with blueberry butter, and Pennsylvania maple syrup. It was very good, but the portion of blueberry butter was quite small. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=OXLO5mqOwCWdPLhFVi61Kg&userid=cVrM2BvOvPV0Vi_rC8kepQ

Service was very pleasant, the décor was very bright and cheery, and the food was reasonably priced for a big city hotel's house restaurant.
Great experience had at this place! Made reservation for 4 on a Sat night 7:15. Recommended by a friend. Urban Farmer is formally The Fountain restaurant when The Logan was The Four Seasons.

The decor is as it's name describes. A mix of country farm (peaches in jars & country plate display) mixed with urban art and furniture. Somehow it works.

We waited at the bar while our other half was on their way. Chatted with our bartender Chris who made me a fabulous vodka based Farmer #4 and chatted about mutual Jersey roots. When our peeps arrived we were seated immediately in a booth. 

Service was prompt and efficient. The corn bread in a can cool and delicious. We were offered specials though they were out of the appetizer. 

We opted to have the cheesemonger pull her cart table side so we could pick our charcuterie plate.  She was knowledgeable and gave us great options. Cheese plate was fabulous.

I tried the 24 oz ribeye and strip streak. Lots of flavor and not over seasoned. The salmon and brussel sprouts were wonderful. The hits of the table were the mac & cheese side and the creamed "crack" spinach as we named it. 

Coffee and dessert menu was served. Our server deemed our cappuccinos were "tight on foam" yes it was and yes that is the quote of the night. Carrot cake served though nothing special for my hubs bday that was mentioned in reservation but he's not one to care about that.

Overall good friends, good drinks, good food & tight on foam...what more is there?
Five stars!  Wow, we really liked this place.  In Philly for Labor Day weekend, we stayed at the Logan Hotel (gotta get my Hilton Honors points) and this restaurant is attached to it.  The weather was perfect and since outdoor dining was the only way to go, we had a beautiful table facing the parkway.  

Service was great from the word go.  Really friendly and knowledgeable staff with great suggestions.  Complimentary cornbread started us off and it was amazing.   Then we had an order of candied bacon and some shrimp as starters and both were great.  The bacon was truly memorable.  

My fiance and I shared the steak tasting as our entree.  That included three types of steak of differing provenance.  One was from Texas, another from North Carolina (amazing) and one local from Pennsylvania.  There's an option for a 4th but but three was plenty to split between us.  All of the steaks were perfectly cooked and had wonderful flavor.  Sides of asparagus, mushrooms and potatoes were all excellent.  I could eat the mushrooms or potatoes for a meal alone.  

Dessert was also amazing, with the butterscotch pudding being the way to go.   Also, the cocktails were excellent. I had two rye old fashioneds and I felt them the next morning...and I'm no lightweight, and not just because I'm pudgy.  

Definitely recommend this place for great food and service.
I really, really wanted to love UF, but sadly, it just didn't live up to the hype. Let's start with the good: Ample outdoor seating that is socially distanced; friendly service; paperless menus; decent cocktails. 

The food can only be described in one word - underwhelming. I love an upscale steakhouse, but this place is not it. To start, we got the deviled eggs which were very bland. That aside, I had high hopes for the steak, but if I'm being honest, it tasted similar to something we would grill at home. While this isn't a bad thing (we cook some amazing steaks at home!), I expect more from an upscale dining establishment. The potatoes we got as a side were probably the best part of the meal. 

Overall, I was disappointed with the food. For our first time out to dinner in months due to the pandemic, our dinner here left a lot to be desired, especially given the price point.
Great steakhouse!  When you order medium rare, it does come out medium rare, unlike other steakhouses.  Not to mention the filet was perfectly seasoned.

Huge Caesar salad.  You might need a knife for it.  See the picture!

Our waitress was very attentive.  Couldn't have asked for more.  It's almost as if she was right behind us all the time even when it was full house.

I will be back!
rounding up because 2 stars seems too harsh. it was okay, but not worth it (IMHO). corkage is $25 for bottle #1 and $50 (!!) for the second bottle. I'm mentioning this first because it's so outrageous and short-sighted on their part. they don't allow outside wine that's on their wine list (fair enough) but they don't publish the list so there's no way to know before bringing your own wine

food was okay, the steaks were good, not great, none of the sides stood out and overall, not worth the premium. there are a few locations in the US, but this is nowhere near what you'd expect from Del Frisco's, Ruth's Chris, etc.

and the space looked like a country breakfast diner. some booths, but mostly tables in the middle of the room (which appeared to be faux butcher block, but I could be wrong) and early American dining chairs with a seat cushion. not a clubby, intimate, comfortable environment you'd normally find in an expensive steakhouse

we dropped some serious coin, but it would have been better spent elsewhere
My siblings have started an annual tradition of dining at a nicer restaurant  when we all come to town for the holidays.  We typically go a day or two before Christmas/Christmas Eve.  This year, Urban Farmer was our destination with a visit the Sunday ahead of the holiday.

Since we don't get together often, we typically go 'all-out' on our selections.  Besides starting my fattening for the holidays, this method gets us plenty of food to try!  We got a few apps, cheese and charcuterie, a pair of entrees, sides, and their new york steak tasting along with a few drinks.

We started with the cheese and charcuterie, beef tartare, and seared foie gras.  I'm a big tartare fan and Urban Farmer's was no exception.  I liked the balance it provided and was happy to no run out of pita chip to enjoy with it.  I wasn't a huge fan of the foie gras.  I think it was prepared fine, but just didn't enjoy it.  Maybe it wasn't for me.  The cheese selection was good and I was pleasantly surprised with the portion for the 'small' charcuterie.  Props for the pairings that came along with the meat and cheese!

For the new york steak tasting, we opted to include the wagyu and go medium.  Sharing amongst all of us, the offered to evenly slice up each steak.  We accepted and it made things much easier.  We were all happy with the steaks and they were cooked to temperature.  However, the wagyu was a bit of a let down.  Ironically, I had wagyu recently at a work function and will admit that probably kept Urban Farmer from a full five star rating.

Our mains, beyond the steak, included the roasted duck and cider brined pork chop, with sides of potato, carrots, and cauliflower.  The duck was enjoyable, but the pork chop stole the show.  We were all rather full so only grabs a bit of the pork.  I was happy to take it home and enjoyed it again as leftovers.  All the sides were good, but if you forced me to highlight one I'd say go with the carrots (then potato, then cauliflower).

For dessert, we split the bon bons and sorbet.  By this point, we were at capacity and ending with a little sweet was nice.  I probably wouldn't order the bon bons again as the portion was a bit disappointing.

To wrap up this review, service was excellent.  They offered the right balance of helpfulness without being overly engaging.  The bill was for the most point in line with the value provided.  I'd recommend Urban Farmer for the right occasion.
Urban Farmer is definitely the best steakhouse I've ever been to, and honestly, it was one of the best meals I've had in a long time.

For drinks, we ordered the Farmer #4 and the Rittenhouse Manhattan, both were fantastic and strong. With dinner, we ordered two glasses of the house Cabernet, which went perfectly with our steaks.

The bread before the meal was delicious. Cornbread was so tasty and the butter was salty and paired so well with both breads.

For entrees, we ordered the New York Steak Tasting (comes with 3 different types of 6 oz steak) and we added on the Wagyu. It was my first time having Wagyu and it was the best steak I've ever had in my life. No lie. It was seasoned perfectly and so tender and juicy. If you're coming here, you MUST order the Wagyu. It is incredible. 

Even though our meal was so perfect, I am giving 4 stars because the two sides we ordered were not up to standards. We ordered the creamed spinach and it came out cold. Not even lukewarm, but cold. We also ordered the potato tart, which also did not come out hot. The sides need to be treated as delicately and meticulously as the meat!!! That is just not acceptable.

Overall, the steaks and drinks blew me away and the service was outstanding. I look forward to returning.
All the ambiance of a TGI Friday's that went country. 

For the prices, I expected a nicer setting and better service. Nothing was blatantly terrible, it's just that nothing was exceptional either. 

The booth next to me went unbussed for most of our time here. Water glasses often empty. 

We started with the foie gras, which while not awful, wasn't quite right. The flavor was mild nearing bland, very unusual for foie gras. But the worst offense was that it was topped with shredded lettuce, reminiscent of fast food. 

I had come expecting to do the steak tasting, but the special was too "special" to pass. Urban Farmer gets all of its beef as whole or half steer and butchers in house. This allows them to purchase from more interesting farms. On this particular day, they offered a steak from a cow which had been fed potato chips for the final four weeks before slaughter. Holy Cow (pun totally intentional) was this a weird amazing steak. The salt from the chips really came through and it was like eating the beefiest Classic Lays. The meat was fatty and salty in all the right ways and so tender it nearly melted. 

So, I don't know. Maybe it's my fault for 3 stars. Maybe I need to manage my expectations. Maybe ambiance isn't everything. But it's definitely something, and for a $300 meal, I need a little more of it.
Urban Farmer isn't your typical steakhouse. The meat is on point, as is the service. The atmosphere is the differentiator. 

The decor is still upscale but has a flash of fun. At our booth, we had an old school milk carton surrounding us. Ttchotchkes were throughout the room. 

It was my first visit so I felt inclined to try the New York steak trio + the waygu. Everything looked so good on the menu- even the vegetarian steak option. The server discusses the meat preparations, but can scale back based on the level of detail you want. Grass fed, corn fed and dry rub was enough detail for me. The side by side comparison when eating was great, and you truly could tell the difference.

Back to the appetizers, I had the pleasure of picking for the group. We ended up with oysters (east and west), beef tartare, seared foie gras as well as both the charcuterie and cheese boards. This is an area that varies from a typical steakhouse. The options were beyond the classics. Selecting the cheese was a blast. The cheese specialist comes over and describes the current board; you then select how much of each and which ones you want. She was helpful in selecting a pairing that would go with everything as well.

Of course there's a full bar. I stayed classic with an Oregon Pinot noir, with the exception of a Cabernet with my cheese. On point pairings. 

The sides come a la carte and are must-dos. Creamed spinach gratin and the twice baked fingerling potato tarts were something different from your random spinach and potato sides. They were gourmet, fun and still paired with meat.

That was more than enough food but we ended up with a few desserts too. The chocolate hazelnut torte is the perfect close out.

Urban Steakhouse is a modern twist on a classic, while having all the must-haves did fine dining. Not the price point to do on the regular, but a special occasion or business visit for sure.
Beautiful place in the Art Museum area of Philadelphia. This was my first visit after hearing very good reviews. We went for lunch and there were two other tables in the restaurant...Still the service was mediocre at best. The burger was recommended, but was barely edible. The homemade bun was obnoxious and stale. The house ground burger was not flavorful at all. My side dish of Mac n Cheese was a flavorless and a complete waste of calories. Maybe this was a different place before Covid... I just can't see myself ever going back. Ugh...
For my much anticipated date night, Urban Farmer did not disappoint. It's casual and cozy with contemporary but rustic/farm inspired decor. However it's very upscale service makes it a special experience. Hubs and I were early for our reservation but the hostess sat us anyway. There weren't too many people dining yet, even on their first official night open. 

The menu is clearly for meat and seafood eaters. I didn't see a whole lot that a vegetarian would enjoy. UF has great options from local food resources and sustainable farmers from across the country. They even list all of the food vendors on the menu. 

I felt a little restricted because I'm currently pregnant and can't obviously eat raw oysters. But the Cheesemonger confirmed all of the cheese was pasteurized and that made my night! I wish could remember what each cheese was, but there was one from the Lancaster Co. farm of the owner of Urban Outfitters. The jams with the cheese were equally delicious and complimented each cheese selection in a totally different way. We made a food game of it...

I ordered  my favorite cut: ribeye. It was buttery and tender, cooked to a perfect medium rare. But I was full on cheese and corn bread so I only got about half way through the 14oz cut. 

Of course I had room for dessert. I topped off my meal with the Butterscotch Sundae. It was served in a small mason jar which made it interesting. Every bite combined a different element and taste changed: homemade ice cream, toffee, cream, brownie, craisins... Luckily by then Hubs was full so I ate it, savoring eat bite. 

The staff were so incredibly attentive, as if we had our own private service team. Fair warning, this is a pricey menu with a minimum $$$. I was surprised given the casual atmosphere but then I realized that this restaurant replaced the old Four Seasons Fountain Restaurant. 

I think next time we'll try the lounge menu when the open the roof top bar...and when I'm not pregnant...
Definitely one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly! Loved the avocado benedict- fresh avocado with perfectly poached eggs on a perfectly soft English muffin. Excellent service and beautiful interior décor in this spacious spot on the parkway, and I'd recommend making a reservation, especially on summer weekends or days with nice weather. Perfect en route to one of the many museums in the area!
Top notch food, great atmosphere, and wonderful service.  Everything about this place was perfect, I hope I can go back to explore the menu more over.

I had plans in town that I could not be late for while staying at the Logan.  This was really my only option to get a decent bite, but wow did that work out great.  First we needed some drinks.  Cocktails were ridiculously good.  Beer list had exactly what I was looking for as well.  All I wanted was a Founders All Day IPA.  On to the food.

A nicely sized portion of beef carpaccio for under $20 was a must.  Although I needed a healthier base, so I went with the Cesar salad first.  The Cesar was spot on, best I've had in a while.  Knowing that that might not be enough for 2 people we also went with the shrimp cocktail.  The veggie sides were perfect for these beautiful prawns, but I think a poach may have been a better option as per execution.  Still totally worth the 5 star rating, just a friendly suggestion.

I honestly say that I need to try more dishes here to really stand by my 5th star, but have a damn good feeling they are worth it.  Tight looking setup, knowledgeable staff, all in a great downtown location.  Highly recommended.
I got the field greens salad which was delicious. It was simple but tasted very fresh and the honey vinaigrette was amazing. The only thing I'd recommend from this place is more vegan options. That was the only one I saw unfortunately but it was still delicious. My friend got the cod which looked good as well. It's very pricey which makes sense because it's attached to The Logan so many of the customers can afford it. The reason for 3 stars would be because it was overpriced for the portion size in my opinion.
Very Nice experience. Located off the Ben Franklin parkway, close to a lot of major Philly spots. Really nice dining experience. Staff was overall good. Not the best service I've had but good none the less. 

Apps were solid. Harvest salad and Caesar were decent. But absolutely the octopus. Incredible. So so so good. 

My friend and I both got filets for dinner. Each are locally sourced. Not we're really good. We got mac n cheese on the side (GET IT).

Would come back. Steak was seasoned very well. Second best steak I've had thus far behind del friscos.
Well it is definitely one of the biggest and most beautiful/unique steakhouses in the city. It is huge and open, with an upscale farm vibe and hisptery waiters. We came here for lunch, and it was pretty crowded, so it took a quite a while to get our orders and food. However, the food is pretty good, however for the prices I would have expected more. For the appetizers we got the deviled eggs and the HUGE shrimp, perfect for splitting. All were good. Next I had the salmon with some vegetables in curry like sauce. The salmon was great, however, was not a fan of the veggies or the sauce underneath, as every few bites there was a bitter after taste. Finally, for dessert we tried the carrot cake and the chocolate crème brule. The carrot cake was interesting looking but quite disappointing, the cream on top had 0 flavor and the cake was a bit dry. However, the crème brule was pretty amazing and velevety soft, with perfect chocolate flavor. They also have a pretty cool tea dispenser. So in conclusion, this is a great place to try but would just make sure to order the right foods and go during off-peak hours.
I was able to be seated outside on a beautiful sunny afternoon for lunch. The service was very good and friendly. The meal was very nicely prepared and presented and it was very nice!
I was pleased with the experience at this restaurant. 
The service was good. Our party of three included a child and they handled his rowdy nature well. 
I ordered a cocktail that was simply divine, I think it was called Art of Fall. It was creamy and grape flavored. 
The food was all very well prepared. 
We started with an appetizer of Lobster which looked artful on the plate and was creative. 
I ordered the Charcuterie and was pleased with the 3 options of meat and bread that came with it. 
We then ordered steak, what else will you order. I had the steak tasting and it was fun to try the three different styles of meat. You could taste the slight differences. It was a large portion of meat. It was cooked spot on. Nothing comes with the meat, no sides or sauces. 
My wife ordered a sirloin that she thought was delicious. 
We also had a side salad that was good and huge. 
My son had the Mac and cheese, he was absolutely thrilled with it and stated it was as good as his favorite place to order it from. 
We then went to a dessert round. 
I ordered a butterscotch sundae, I was slightly disappointed. It needed more ice cream or creamy flavor to balance the portion out. 
My wife had a chocolate hazelnut dessert that was the best of all. 
My son for some reason ordered the bon bons and ended up not eating them. Because they were all dark chocolate and one lemon. 
He loved his tea that came out in a fancy system. 

I would rate the experience as above average, but the prices are very high and I would expect more from the experience with such a costly meal.
We only ate here because we had breakfast vouchers from our hotel. This place was definitely overpriced but the food and service were good. I got avocado Benedict which didn't come with any meat or side for $14. I'm so used to eggs Benedict coming with a side. There was a little dollop of roasted tomatoes but no side of potatoes or anything. I could tell that the English muffin was fresh and made in house which was a treat. They were fluffy and soft.
lunch was fantastic!

i ordered the shrimp and grits with chucks of ham and it was so hearty! the plate is topped with a sunny egg and comes with the smokey ham, which reminded me more of bacon more, added the perfect accent.  urban farmer offers a variety of items even for lunch and so glad they included something for brunch lovers!  this was super comforting on a cold chilly day.  

nice space and cozy dining room.  i would definitely return for lunch if there's another opportunity to take a leisure lunch!
Never having been to Urban Farmer, I suggested it for my mom's birthday dinner and now regret it. We had a reservation at 6:30 p.m. today, a Thursday, but probably could have gotten in without one because the restaurant was not particularly crowded. This notwithstanding, our server was slow and inattentive to the degree that it significantly detracted from our experience. It's unclear whether he was simply lazy or whether he decided we weren't worth his attention once it became clear we were not planning on ordering heaps of appetizers and multiple drinks. Either way, it rubbed me very much the wrong way.

Our server neglected entirely to bring us one of the three sides we ordered, and by the time he circled back around so that we could ask about it, we were just about finished our entrees. He took the side dish off the bill, but it was nevertheless disappointing to eat it as more of dessert than a side dish. When a busboy came to clear our plates, he looked quite confused that we were still waiting for a side dish.

The restaurant provided a complimentary birthday dessert, which was a nice gesture but didn't salvage our overall impression of the place. The ladies' room was strangely crowded, especially given that the restaurant was not, which made even that little break a rather unpleasant experience. The server took so long to bring us the bill that my parents eventually just had to get up and leave so that they could catch their train out to the suburbs.

The food itself was okay but nothing special. I am quite sure I could've made better steaks myself at home, and the side dishes were all forgettable. Given the number of other upscale steakhouses in the city, I don't see any reason I'd ever return to this one.

I rarely give 2-star reviews, but the more I thought about this dinner, the fewer stars I thought it deserved. Urban Farmer served easily one of the worst $300 dinners I've ever had.
The atmosphere and location is great. We ordered the Salmon and Baked Mac n ' Cheese and the The Farm Burger and Fries. Service was great.
This place is easy to overlook as your run of the mill hotel restaurant, but is so much more.  The atmosphere and service were both great, and the attention to detail with everything was great.  Our whiskey on the rocks were served with one large, clear ice cube, and they have a nice cocktail menu.  Both of our steaks were done to perfection and were all sourced from very reputable farms.  My steak was as good as you get from any of the great steakhouses in the city, and all of the sides were fantastic.  Dessert was great as well, and I will definitely be back.
I would never go back to this place ever again. Food was awful and pricy. Service was even worst. Ordered the special that the waiter highly recommended without telling how much it was and the bill came out as $134 for a steak that didn't even taste good. Waited so long for our food and when the food finally came it started to rain, the waiters told us there's nothing they could do abt that however, we were the only table that didn't have an umbrella. Ate the food in the rain. Had to check out on our phone, and there was $40 unknown payment left out after everything was paid for. The restaurant did not even bother to answer what that charge was and just told us they didn't know what that was for because everything we ordered was paid. But we still had to pay for that unknown $40. This restaurant is such a scam
The short: this place CRUSHES yummy lunch. I can't even believe this spot is in a hotel. 

The longer: I had an early lunch here before a meeting and sat at the bar. The bartender was super cool, and my food came hella quickly- even though it was pretty crowded. 

I ordered the field salad with grilled shrimp and a side of roasted mushrooms. You get SOO much food!! The salad was huge- the dressing & flavors worked perfectly together. There were fresh blueberries, heavily seasoned shrimp, crunchy quinoa, and different types of lettuce. The roasted mushroom side was the size of a meal. The mushrooms were perfectly roasted and topped with fried shallots. 

The whole meal was super satisfying. I would totally come back for dinner or a drink at the bar the next time I'm in town!
Cauliflower soup for a starter and seared scallops as an entree with a carrots and mushrooms as side dishes. I also had a  Glenfiddich 15 over an ice ball. Everything was nicely presented and very well prepared. The meal was surprisingly enjoyable, especially for a hotel restaurant.
Large portioned, tasty room service food! We stayed at the Logan Hotel in Philly and they offered a full menu from Urban Farmer with plenty of options for both adults AND kids.

Our dinner was very delicious. I had the market fish of the day, which was cooked perfectly. Usually room service comes overcooked and dry, but this was juicy, crispy and was a large portion with mustard potatoes and greens. We also ordered the Philly cheesesteak with a side salad (huge portion) in addition to a regular salad (gigantic portion)....the salad was AMAZING! It had fennel, mustard seeds, radish, huge shavings of carrot. It was hearty, light yet still sweet/salty/crunchy. Our kids' macaroni was a big serving (enough for three toddlers) and its side of steamed carrots was enough to feed all of us. They were bi-colored buttered carrots stacked inside a cup. 

In the morning, we ordered an egg sandwich, egg dish (scrambled eggs, with 4 pieces of huge bacon and a hash brown). The portions were really large and we were able to share as a family of four. While the coffees listed were only plain lattes and cappuccinos, we wrote in mocha and vanilla and they were able to still customize our drinks! An extra plus for super friendly staff delivering food and talking to our kids on both trips.
This place is a true treat! Don't be fooled by the fact that the outdoor sign reads Urban Farmers Steakhouse. While I'm sure the steak is magnificent, the breakfast is astounding! 

When we walked in, I immediately loved it due to the super cute decor - so many Instagrammable moments! Urban Farmers also gives off a cozy feel, as if you're dining in your Nana's home dining.

I ordered the Crab Omelette - DELISH! The mushrooms and onions were sauteed to perfection and the crabmeat was lump and plentiful. It comes along with a hash brown cake and I selected an English Muffin as well and let me tell you....I try to cut back on carbs but that English Muffin was SLAMMIN! It was so soft and buttery...I totally started imagining it being repurposed for another meal (let's say a tuna melt) . Apparently the English Muffins are made in house so they are truly unique!

If breakfast was this good, I can only imagine how dinner tastes so don't even worry...I'll BE BACK *in my Arnold Schwarzenegger voice*!
Bring a big wallet and come hungry. I should have looked at the menu before we arrived, I was a bit surprised by the high prices. It was an expensive dinner for 4, but it was really incredible. The last time I was in this building, was for tea at the Four Seasons Fountain room, this was a big change. I easily got a reservation a week prior for 8pm on a Saturday night. We started the night with drinks ten flights up at the Assembly Rooftop Lounge, it was an awesome start to the evening having a cocktail outside with a view of Logan Square sitting around a fire pit! At 8pm we headed to the ground floor to find Urban Farmer. The wait staff was excellent, the service was perfect and ALL of the food was very high quality - all farm to table. Highly recommend!! We started with the heirloom apple salad, it was almost like a fruit salad it had so much apple in it - and they had dyed some of the apple in beet or wine, very original and delicious AND the presentation was lovely. We gorged on steak, having the New York Steak Tasting which consisted of 3 different 6oz steaks, and also the 24oz rib eye. Sides were excellent, mushrooms, french fries, Brussels sprouts, potato tart.. ah so good! The dinner was so good, and I was expecting the desert to be a let down, but it was not!! WOW, we had the chocolate hazelnut crunch and the carrot cake, both delicious and beautiful! I'd like to return more frequently, but i'd have to get a second job :)
The quality of our food reminded me of a "Cheesecake Factory" - the food was too salty but at the same time somehow bland and tasteless. 

Everything we ordered was overpriced to an extreme. The mismatch between the quality and the price was tremendous. 

First of all, their wine, $17 per glass, was cheap tasting - sour, harsh, burning through our teeth and throat. In fact, one of our friends developed an allergic reaction to it( her upper chest area became itchy and hot to the touch). Their complimentary sparkling water still had an overpowering chlorine taste. 

Secondly, our appetizer and our salads were not delicious. My appetizer with beets was ok, but the lemon sauce on the side was quite nauseating tasting. Caesar salad, which according to the menu had anchovies, had only one anchovy which was sliced in half and was presented on a plate as if there were two of them. 

The New York strip was super salty and my companion mentioned that it reminded her of a rubber shoe( not a good comparison). My halibut was very oily, bland and extremely salty - certainly not worth $36. Dayboat Scallops were as underwhelming - the sauce on top didn't compliment the taste of the scallops at all and the dish was very salty as well. 

We ordered a chocolate raspberry torte and sundae. While sundae was very good, torte wasn't. Our cappuccinos were not good either. 

The fact that the portions were laughably small would be excusable if the food at least tasted ok, but the food just wasn't good. 

The service was alright, but at times our waiter would disappear for what it seemed like the whole eternity. Not that attentive either. 

The vibe wasn't that relaxing as it reminded me of a darkened office cubicle, the interior design was lacking. Also, we thought that the waiter's  outfit just didn't go with the place and it's prices - too casual and too country, maybe great for a diner? 

Still pondering about the mismatch between the name of this place "urban farmer" and all other aspects of this restaurant. 

Not satisfied.
Urban Farmer was a delight to find especially as it was in the Logan Hotel that I was staying.  I was born and raised in Philadelphia but I never really had a chance to visit in my adult years.  Recently I had an opportunity to go back, and I found the experience to be very enjoyable and intriguing. With the growth of the technology sector in Philadelphia, it looks like it is growing into its own eclectic and foodie feel - similar to that of Austin's transformation over the years. Austin has been dubbed Silicon Hills, so is Philly now Silicon Philly, or Silicon Valley Forge?

One thing is for sure, my first night out to eat left a great impression on me! Urban Farmer is unique but not lost on tradition and eclectic while maintaining composure. This is most visible in Urban Farmer's dishes. When I arrived for my 6:30 pm Sunday evening reservation, I was promptly seated towards the middle of the dining room. At first, I thought about asking for a booth or something along the wall - just me being self-conscious about dining alone, but I didn't.

The service, even dining alone, was on point. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and also made some great recommendations. Also pointing out the beef tallow candle on the table was a fun note - I've never seen that before. After sipping on an old-fashioned, considering if I should stick my finger in the tallow candle to see what it tasted like (I didn't), I ordered my dinner - three courses:

Seared Foie Gras with Asian Pear, slaw and almond crumbles - The Foie Gras was prepared perfectly, and the pear sauce, balsamic reduction, and slaw worked so well together. I wasn't too crazy about the almond crumbles, but it did add additional texture that I think the slaw already provided.

Bone marrow with maple-mustard glaze, thyme, and crostini - This had to be the highlight of dinner for me. Yes, the bone marrow. I love Foie Gras, and I love steak, but the bone marrow felt like a melding of the two. The texture of a soft Foie Gras crossed with a beefiness of steak complemented with a hint of mustard spread on a crostini - heaven.

New York steak tasting - 6 oz each of North Carolina grass-fed, Creekstone Prime, and 1855 21-day dry aged. By far my favorite cut of meat, the striploin, I had to try this tasting dish. Being from Texas, I can't figure out how or why some restaurant in Texas had not come up with this dish! We have beer flights, wine tastings, ice cream flights, etc. but no steak tasting - why not!? Texas steakhouses listen up - steak tasting menu - now! All of the cuts were great, and unique in their own right, but I did enjoy the flavor and texture of the North Carolina grass-fed the best.

Overall, Urban Farmer offers a great selection of steaks, snacks, and a unique drink menu that's worth at least two drinks and a few more visits. I know I'll be back.
This restaurant is within the Logan Hotel. It has beautiful decor. Perfect for having a nice drink and unwinding.

I had the Rotisserie Chicken. It was flavorful and well prepared. Also had the Stubborn Mule. Loved the spicy finer flavor to it.

This place is definitely worth visiting.
My experience here was awesome. Full disclosure: We came here with the intention of splurging on an expensive meal and going for all the extras. We started off the meal by ordering a nice Bordeaux and stating that we would like a visit from the cheese cart. It was a fun experience.

We had an awesome time trying the cheeses and drinking wine!! We loved the batch 11 and the creamy Gorgonzola. We only ordered 2 cheeses because we went crazy on the entrees and sides. We ordered the NY Strip tasting.... And all I can say is WOW!! The wagyu was absolutely unbelievable. I probably could have cut it with a fork. The side dishes we ordered were the baked mac and cheese, roasted mushrooms, and the twice baked potato tartine. The twice baked potato tartine was the hands down favorite! We didn't finish any of it, but we certainly had no regrets that we got to try everything.

Last, but certainly not least, our sever sent out a butterscotch sundae which was quite possibly the best dessert I've ever had. It was decadent and perfect in every way.

The service overall was an excellent combination of friendly and efficient without feeling rushed. We would certainly come back here again. We are excited to return to try a more casual setting... Maybe happy hour!
Terrific lunch outing at Urban Farmer Philadelphia! Overall, love the décor*--reminds one of a Jojo Gaines-styled house--especially the thick-cut (butcher-block?) tables. The service was great: friendly and attentive, promptly refilling water (still or sparkling) and seeking out answers to food preparation queries.

The food was quite tasty: a cut above standard bar fare; I'd liken it most to Starr's Dandelion with innovative preparation and pairings. The two standouts of the lunch were (a) the macaroni and cheese, which we ordered on a whim and was spot on: cheesy, but somehow not overly cheesy--light, perhaps also due to the super-crispy bread crumbs; and (b) the butterscotch sundae over a blondie brownie, which tasted lightly of butterscotch, but more of a pleasing caramel, and the blondie brownie was well-baked, not too dense. Other highlights: (i) the burger on homemade English muffin was cooked to order and plenty juicy (definitely messy to consume!); (ii) the French fries were well-seasoned (medium-cut) and had a nice texture (not overly fried); (iii) the salads were all beautifully prepared with attention to dressing and presentation; and (iv) the chocolate peanut butter torte, served with coffee ice cream, was plenty decadent for the chocolate, peanut butter lovers!

Will definitely return!

*One negative note in the décor was the red, neon sign for "Fresh Meat," which if it was a white light or thicker/funkier lettering would look more in tune with the rest of the room, but is otherwise slightly jarring and, while great that they've got a butcher on staff, makes you think of a slaughterhouse, which is less appetizing.
Came in to Urban Farmer on Saturday afternoon for brunch/lunch. The drink menu and food menu had a nice mix of brunch and lunch so everyone's needs were filled there. The space for the new (ish) spot is massive. It has a bit of a hotel restaurant vibe, but the decor is vibrant and the space is so big with so much to look at, from the pictures on the walls to the interesting light fixtures and prints on all the chairs and furniture that it gives it more of a hip vibe that takes you out of hotel restaurant zone. For 1:30 in the afternoon, it wasn't crowded, so the fact that ordering our drinks took over 20 minutes after we ordered before we got them a little bit disappointing. But the manager was made aware and was eager to help and ensure the rest of the meal came out in a more appropriate amount of time, so all was well there. The server was very friendly too so the slow drinks were not the end of the world, it happens. 

The food was good, not amazing, but good. While we waited for our guests, we asked for some of the smoked nuts, and the serving they gave us was so small, it was actually a joke...don't bother with those.  For our meals, I had the chicken sandwich which came with bacon, gruyere, a nice peach jam and a chili aioli, so the mix of flavors were very nice, my chicken was a little dry though, but the fixings made it better. We had a crab omelet in the mix, some eggs benedict and some other more simple breakfast options (eggs/toast/etc.). Everyone ate up and no one had anything bad to say, so overall I give this place an A-OK rating.
Wow! Loved the yogurt parfait as well as the burger. Server was extremely friendly. Atmosphere was open and fresh.
This place didn't really excite me but I'm not a meat eater. There were a lot of steak options so perhaps it will move the needle more for the carnivores out there. We came for my Dad's birthday birthday on a Saturday night. He had previously raved about the Wagyu beef and he knew he wanted to return for his birthday dinner...and that we did. 

My brother got a Cesar salad as an appetizer. I didn't try it but it was quite large and it looked delicious. He had an anchovy on it. No one else got an appetizer. 

For entrees, as a table we got 2 salmon dishes, 2 Wagyu steaks and a bowl of mussels. For sides we got butternut squash, a twice baked potato tart and macaroni and cheese. I tried the Wagyu beef. They had it cooked MR. I tried the very end. Again, I don't like steak but it didn't make me a believer in steak. I didn't see the difference. It tasted meaty. The salmon was ok. It had cippolini onions, potatoes, some sort of brown lobster sauce and fennel that was not listed on the menu. I tasted it. I hate fennel. I knew it was there. It should be listed. What if I was allergic? The potatoes were too al dente. The twice baked potato tart was SO GOOD!!!!! The macaroni and cheese was good...very rich. I always find the bread crumbs on top a pointless waste of calories but that's me. I did not try the butternut squash. 

For dessert we got bon bons, the hazelnut chocolate torte and the butterscotch sundae. He butterscotch sundae was the best part of the entire meal! It was sooooo good! I love hazelnut, I love chocolate, I love tortes but I wasn't a fan of that dessert. The butterscotch sundae was way better! 

I didn't care for our server. He was fake. He also rushed us. A LOT. It was annoying. They were staring us down and taking every little thing off the table. 

The ambiance was nice. I was facing the wall so I didn't really have a good view but when I walked to the bathroom I noticed how nice the atmosphere was. It was decorated nicely. The lighting was cool. They have an open concept kitchen. The noise level was average. The bill was expensive. 

They have valet parking for $20. I parked across the street in a garage for $10. 

I would come back if I had to but I wouldn't choose to. It's way overpriced and overrated in my opinion and the menu doesn't really interest me. Like I said, perhaps steak lovers enjoy it more.
Unfortunate. 
Oh how badly I wanted my disappointment to fade. So much so, in fact, I waited two days to pen my review. Let me be clear: this is about the pancakes. Yes, the pancakes. 
Steak and Eggs, yummy.
Mimosa, refreshing and crisp. 
Our server, "Sam," warm, engaging and friendly. 
But, but, we went because of my love for pancakes - not the Steak and Eggs. Not the Mimosa. Not for Sam and his bubbly personality. 
We went thinking their pancakes would be given the same attention to detail as their other dishes; I was wrong to assume this and I couldn't have possibly been more disappointed. 
Specifically, the pancakes arrived "cold." 
After spreading the butter - it just sat there like a white spread across a slice of bread. 
Like mayo on bologna. 
Like fresh paint on a wall.
The butter wouldn't melt, it couldn't melt. 
So it sat. The pancakes sat. The butter sat atop the stack - unwavering, as if to mock me by staring me down, seeing who would blink first. 
Unfortunate. 
The pancakes won, I lost. 
Unfortunate.
"Sam" passed our table and asked, "is everything OK?" I said, "No, the pancakes are cold, the butter won't melt. I thought they would arrive 'hot." 
He explained that everything is "run from the kitchen" as soon as "someone is able to bring it out" and that "they (pancakes) may have sat a while" while "the rest of your meal is being prepared." 
To his credit, Sam offered to "take them back."
I declined. 
Admittedly, I'm not comfortable with my dish leaving the table once it has landed. To be fair, Sam recommended the "PB&J French Toast" and even hesitated when I suggested/asked about the pancakes. 
What did he know that he couldn't share? 
What signal did I ignore? 
How does one gauge open discourse and discern it from shaded warnings or foreshadowing of icy pancakes to come? 
Unfortunate. 
I should have read his eyes.
I should have heard what wasn't spoken.
When you ask a server about "A" and he recommends "B" - it may be wise to listen.
Unfortunate.
The pancakes sat (photo included) I couldn't do it. 
I just couldn't. 
Finally, as our table was being cleared, a different guy asked, "how was everything?" I said, "everything but the pancakes worked." He didn't blink an eye, simply responding, "cool." 
Once we paid our tab (and 20% tip) - the hostess (attractive young olive-toned woman) and host (tall, thin Black guy) asked upon my leaving, "How was everything?" 
Once again I replied with "everything worked for me but the pancakes." 
They both smiled politely and continued to stack menus and busy themselves with the computer terminal in front of them. 
I don't know what I wanted/expected after that - but I wasn't prepared for the dismissal. I "think" I wanted my comment/disappointment elevated, maybe let a manager know? I don't know. 
I was bothered that the only offer was 'take them back' or I was just simply out of luck. 
Unfortunate.
Maybe Sunday Brunch isn't a big thing. 
Maybe one sour experience for one table is easy enough to dismiss. 
I simply don't know. 
What I do know is that I left disappointed and that even two days later - it stuck with me. 
Like pancakes too cold to melt butter, it just doesn't sit well. That is truly unfortunate.
#UrbanFarmer #Philly
Incredible and delectable.  This did not disappoint.  Finally a steakhouse with a totally new approach.  Beautiful and new use of the old former Four Seasons space.  Bravo.
Colleen and Tim are amazing behind the bar (dream team!), and Ehmo (sp.? "Ehh-mo", not Eeeemo) is a worthy helping hand... though he is advancing fast. I stay at the Logan every couple of months working long hours, so I don't have much of an option to wander elsewhere for food or drinks. The team, as well as the food, at Urban Farmer provide wonderful relief from a long, demanding day. I also have yet to order a dish that I was not pleasantly surprised and satisfied with. 
Some honorable mentions (mainly based on staffing/ timing/ stations) are Isaac, Grant, Aaron, and Chef Seth. Though... I have a horrible memory and am probably forgetting a few others. Thank y'all for your excellent service and for providing some balance to the long work weekends. :)
Will be back soon.
OH DAMN

I had heard great things about Urban Farmer from colleagues beforehand. Even so, I was at the Logan Hotel for an event, starving, and just wanted to grab something quick. It could've been anything and I would've been happy. That being said, I loved this place.

I got a burger and it's unique in the sense that it was served on a house made English Muffin. That part made me curious. But it was AWESOME. Cooked perfectly at the temperature requested and it just worked, and it was different.

Service was also top notch. Also loved the ambiance.

Highly recommend - if it's in your budget.
PHILADELPHIA, PA: Came in on President's Day for a brunch.  The ambience is cozy and kitsch, the service was friendly but slow, like they forgot about me slow.  Food was delicious.

Charcuterie Board (4 Stars): Three choice meats, mostly bison mixes, and some delicious pickled veggies.

Shaved Sirloin Eggs Benedict (4.5 Stars): This was delicious, with a mixture of gravy and Hollandaise.
Although the food was extraordinary, I would be remiss if I didn't address the service issue that took place during our visit.

My wife and I were in the city for an overnight getaway for our anniversary and decided to try this place for brunch.... as it was highly reviewed.  While not overly busy, my first impression is that our server felt rushed and took a bit to get to us.... no biggie.

Once our drink orders were taken we mulled over the menu and wait what felt like a while to place our entree order.  We ordered a cheese board to start, followed by two main entrees.  From the time our cheese board was removed until our entree arrived was close to 20 minutes.... this is now probably 45 minutes after we initially sat down.

At one point I was approached by a manager to see if I need anything as our drinks were empty and table was cleared.  I ask if I could have a coffee as I waited and commented on how long it was taking to get our meal.

Ultimately we received our meals from a runner and a few moments later the manger came over to tell us that our check was being covered due to the delay.  I thanked her and she carried on.

While a generous gesture, I have to say that nothing was done to secure our future business, nor was a major issue with this even addressed..... during our wait, not once did the server ever again approach our table to offer any bit of communication to inform of us a delay (maybe the check was dropped, maybe somebody forgot, maybe the order wasn't entered).  All reasonable and forgivable explanations as we are only human.... mistakes happen.  A simple, "there was a delay in the kitchen, might in offer you a complimentary cocktail while you wait?"

A little bit of communication goes along way in engaging your guest.  I would have been happy to pay for my meal because truth be told, it was delicious, but instead the manager just decided the proper course of action was to comp the check and sweep it under the rug.... again, doing nothing to engage a guest who is not foreign to high level service and asking for a second try.

It's not always about getting something free.... a place of this caliber should be forthright in its guest communication and not treat them like a free meal solves the issue because they now have no reason to come back and try again.

Food - 4.5 stars
Service - 0.5 stars
I had much higher expectations about this restaurant. The decor and environment were perfect, a new spin on rustic. I loved it. The service was not good at all, everyone was friendly but the drinks came out SO slowly and my table constantly had to ask for their next drink. I asked for stuffed olives and was told the bar ran out and there would be no more for the night. If I'm paying $15 for a martini, I don't expect to hear a lousy excuse. The restaurant has cheese from local farms, they could have made more stuffed olives. I got to try the pork tenderloin, scallops, filet and brussels sprouts...all of it was just okay. The stand out part of the meal was the complementary dinner rolls, corn bread and cheese. I know that this is a new opening but if they want to compete with other high end steak houses in the city, they need huge adjustments.
Farm to table.  Freshest whole wheat toast with jam and creamy butter.  I had the vegetable fritata for breakfast.  Fresh eggs and big chunks of asparagus, portobello mushroom, asaparagus and cheddar cheese.

Great ambiance and vibe.  Highly recommend!
My wife and I ate here on our Anniversary last Sunday. We were blown away and this is our new favorite spot for brunch in the city. For those of you who had frequented the Fountain, you will notice that the space is much more open and comfortable now. I would describe the decor as rustic, and country farmhouse. 

Upon arriving, we were Immediately greeted by the hostess and led to a table. Our server was very attentive and friendly and even helped with menu suggestions. My wife started with the Farm Vegetable Frittata, which she loved, and included seasonal vegetables, fresh mushrooms, and aged cheddar. I started with the Blue Crab Omelet, which was filled with fresh crab, grilled onion, bacon, mushrooms, and topped with cheese and herbed hollandaise sauce. We shared the Brioche french toast which was topped with blueberry preserves and hazelnut butter. The Orange Juice was fresh squeezed and delicious and the English muffin, which I had along with my omelet was one of the best English muffins I've ever had. 

Overall, the service, the food and the atmosphere were all first rate. I definitely recommend the Urban Farmer for brunch. I can't wait to try out their dinner menu.
Had an excellent dinner at the Urban Farmer!  Farm-to-table freshness, great atmosphere, friendly and attentive staff.  Had the 14 oz grass-fed NY Strip, and it was perfect!  Awesome outdoor seating by the fountains!   A great rooftop bar with a view, but bring your ID; no one goes up to the roof without ID.
From start to finish, food, service, decor, and ambiance was excellent. We went for brunch, NY Day 2016. 

I had Brioche French Toast, blueberry preserves, and hazelnut butter. My companion had Buttermilk Pancakes, cinnamon apple compote, and house-made chicken cherry sausage. all with Pennsylvania maple syrup. The food was perfection; flavorful, no sodium overkill, no indigestion or bloat. The buttermilk pancakes were killer. The chicken cherry sausage was a slow motion eruption of flavors. 

Best I've ever had latte with customized La Colombe blend. Frothy with barista design to the last sip. The custom Bloody Mary bar is everything. 

Our waiter, Harry was also a perfect blend. He was attentive, informative, honest, and had a winning attitude. The staff diversity was refreshing. 

The decor: contemporary, retro, fun, handsome, clean, varied, chic. 

I wish I could clone/REPEAT the experience at every place I visit.
This review is for the Mother's Day buffet brunch.

When I found out that Urban Farmer, a farm-to-table restaurant and solid power lunch spot, offered a Mother's Day buffet brunch, I was excited to check it out. At $65pp, the brunch was pricey, but seemed reasonable for the menu posted on their website (prime rib roast, hot waffles with berries and chantilly cream, eggs benedict, a raw oyster bar, etc.). Unfortunately, the reality did not match what was promised.

I know that Urban Farmer is supposed to be farm-to-table, but if that principle applied to the brunch, it was difficult to tell. Most items were pre-assembled and laid out in tiny plates and bowls, including the eggs benedict, which meant that the poached eggs became increasingly rubbery the longer they were allowed to sit out. The so-called blueberry panna cotta with granola was just a few spoonfuls of what tasted like Dannon blueberry yogurt with a few flakes of granola on top. The waffles were not made at a waffle station, but instead left to dry out under heating lamps. (Honestly, I would have preferred if they had one of those DIY waffle irons that you find at college cafeterias and Holiday Inns.) The raw oyster bar had just one kind of small, stringy oyster. The salmon was so overcooked and under-seasoned, the person who got it couldn't eat more than one bite. The desserts were all little bite-sized tarts and cupcakes which featured either chocolate or berries and were generally very sweet; it would have been nice to see an ice cream station or at least some more variation in the dessert offerings. 

I did enjoy the bulgur salad, which had a lovely acidic salad dressing and some slices of artichoke heart, and the seafood salad, which had a few pieces of well-marinated octopus legs. Some members of my dining party really liked the prime rib roast, though others found it overcooked and overly fatty. The drinks were great, if somewhat pricey for breakfast/brunch cocktails at $14+. The decor is funky and casual, with giant chandeliers wrapped in chicken wire and farm-themed wall art. Service was friendly and attentive - plates were cleared quickly and silverware replenished without a hitch. I will say, as it was my first time to Urban Farmer for buffet brunch, it would have been helpful if some staff had pointed out where things were. The restaurant is vast, with many different corners and sections, and seamlessly joins with the hotel - I didn't realize that the food extended back into the hotel corridor and almost missed the crab quiches, which were one of the better offerings that day. (I heard there was an omelette station somewhere, but I didn't see it.)

At the end of the meal, I felt pretty bad because even though I'd probably plated $65 worth of food, a lot of it had gone to waste because I honestly just didn't like it. I do think Urban Farmer is a solid choice for à la carte meals, but still has a lot of work to do on their buffet to justify what somehow came out to a ~$400 for 4 brunches and 3 drinks.
My friend and I went here for my birthday dinner.  She told me to pick any place I wanted to go, and I had seen Urban Farmer on FYI Philly show, so I suggested this place.   

The decor was nice, trendy farmhouse chic.  
The service was also great, a little rushed at first then when they got busy slowed down.  
We had to ask for bread which should have come before the appetizer.   

However we were really disappointed with the food.  Overpriced appetizers with no flavor whatsoever.     We shared the steak tasting, and the quality of the meat was good, but again the flavor was underwhelming ... have had better steaks at other restaurants.    

We shared the butterscotch sundae and it was cute served in the jar, but difficult to eat out of.  The dessert did not taste good at all.  Sort of like store bought cake taste.   

Overall I am not sure I would recommend urban farmer to others.
One of the best steaks I've ever eaten. 

Came here for dinner with my family on Christmas Eve, was very impressed with this restaurant. Service was great and enjoyed the atmosphere. There is a ton of space here and all of the tables are spread out, creating an intimate atmosphere.

Started with the crab bisque and ordered the 18oz Wagyu Ribeye. Sides were the heirloom carrots, fries, Yukon potatoes, and potato tart. The crab bisque was great - nice and creamy. The bread that came with the soup was not great, however. It was too big to eat a piece at a time, but was too hard to break - it wouldn't soften enough in the soup so you had to break before putting in the bowl, which still took effort. The bread that came for the table was delicious. I loved the cornbread, and the other bread was warm and light and fluffy. The steak was out of this world. Easily one of the best I've ever eaten. It was effortless to cut and cooked perfectly to medium rare. Truly delicious! The sides were all good, nothing to write home about.

Overall, loved my meal here. Great atmosphere and even better food. Naturally, you pay for it with the price, but is worth it if you are a foodie. Might not recommend it for younger kids as a result.
Beautiful location! So much bigger than I thought on the inside. I came here to celebrate a friend's recent engagement with drinks and hors d'oeuvres and had a lovely time. The food was excellent and the specialty cocktails were unique and delicious. If you are looking for somewhere to celebrate a special occasion in your life, definitely consider Urban Farmer.
I came here on Christmas day for dinner cause I'm Jew with no kids.  It was damn good.  We started off with the meat tray and a couple drinks.  The meats, especially the spicy sausage spread, was delicious.  For dinner I had a corn fed ribeye, my girlfriend had a grass fed strip, and we split the brussels and the twice baked potato thing.  The brussels and the ribeye were the highlights!!!! BANGIN!!!!!!!!!!  The other stuff was good too.  

Dessert was this chocolate peanut butter deal.  Forget about it!!!!! It was bangin.

The only knock was the waiter who was new, drunk, and hungover.  Clean it up bro!

Not on Butcher and Singer level, but a worthy challenge by the contender.
My review is bordering on 3 and 4 stars. I ultimately chose 4 because I can't really put my finger on what exactly is lacking for me... so judge for yourself.

This was my first time at Urban Farmer having dinner (had been previously for drinks & I do really like their bar) and, as a group of 6, we were seated at a round table in the center of the room. I really don't know what it is about the space (maybe that it opens into the logan hotel?) but it doesn't feel inviting to me at all. It just feels like one big open room so I guess what I'm saying is it lacks intimacy. 

We ordered 3 cheese from the cheese cart and the beef carpaccio to start. Our mistake, this wasn't really enough for 6 people. The cheese, at $6/cheese, is only 1oz (they did tell us this but it's hard to gauge what 1oz really looks like) and, in my opinion, was nothing special. Don't get me wrong, all 3 cheese we chose were good but my feeling is that I can get a far superior cheese plate somewhere else (talula's anyone?) for the same price, if not cheaper (talula's has 5-6 cheese for $25ish so slightly cheaper but superior). The beef carpaccio was certainly good but I,  honestly, didn't get enough of it to have an impression (again, our fault, not urban farmer's). Their bread was phenomenal though- that definitely made an impression on the whole table. Both their regular white rolls (warm and super fluffy!) and their cornbread were stellar. 

Ok, so I get it... this is a steakhouse. But something about ordering JUST a plain piece of steak really bothers me. Since we were at a dinner with 6 people, ordering a bunch of sides was fine because we shared them all but if I were at dinner with just myself and my fiance, I don't want to have to order 2 sides (they are medium sized portions and could serve 2-3 people as a SIDE). Also, any other accompaniment, is independent of the steaks themselves i.e. if you want candied bacon? $7. If you have foie gras butter? $11. if you want truffle butter (why yes, yes i do)? $12. Long story short, i got the 6oz filet (plenty for a petite foodie) with the candied bacon accompaniment. I got 2 pieces of THICK cut bacon + the bacon jam and they were both awesome. The steak was.... a steak. I LOVE steak and this was cooked well and it was flavorful for sure but compared to other, equally as expensive steaks, it didn't taste like a $44 steak (& if you read my other reviews you know I have no qualms about spending $$$ on quality food). 

a quick note on the sides- our table ordered the following:
-mashed potatoes - really good for mashed potatoes which usually do nothing for me but they were basically all butter
-mac n cheese - good. but just good.
-creamed spinach - ok. go to butcher & singer if you want good creamed spinach.
-fingerling potato tart- this was my favorite of all the sides. really good flavors and baked really well.

overall, this is a more unique steakhouse than the mortons, sullivans, ruth chris's, flemings, etc. of the world but it is still expensive and I have had better steak. I think next time I will try the flight of steaks so I can really compare the flavors of the different meats. With that being said, all of the food is GOOD. I was just not over-the-top impressed. 

p.s. we got the butterscotch sundae for dessert which was TO DIE FOR. GET THIS if nothing else!!
Visited 2x since my sis and her wife were staying at the hotel and were given food coupons (b/c of their Hilton Honors status I think?).  One visit was for happy hour and one was for a quick lunch.  I loved the contemporary vibe of the renovations, and the eager to please staff.  But it feels like a newcomer that isn't quite comfortably fitting into the shoes of its grand Four Seasons predecessor. Maybe it's just growing pains . . . we'll see.

As for Happy Hour:  We sampled awesome sliders made with chopped steak, not ground meat, and you could taste the quality.  Each order is for one slider, but the burger was thick and flavorful.  Duck fat fries were a huge portion, easily 2 large idaho baking potato sized, piping hot and non-greasy, slightly wonderfully smoky tasting, possibly from smoked paprika seasoning. Shrimp Louie roll was a very good amoroso club sized roll generously stuffed with fresh shrimp and scallop chunks lightly dressed in mayo.  It was delicious.  The cheese board was underwhelming -- 3 micro samples of cheese, several marcona almonds and a sweet jam of some sort.  They have a beautiful cheese cart that gets wheeled around but was not presented to us during happy hour.  We had a glass of white and red wine at $5 each.  Bread (homemade parker rolls and cornbread) was $4.  The rolls were nicely soft warm and buttery, but the cornbread was da bomb.  

Lunch: My grilled chicken sandwich was topped with melted cheese, excellent applewood bacon, red onion on a brioche bun and came with a choice of salad, fruit or fries.  I chose salad, which was fresh baby greens and roasted carrots in a light house made dressing. I felt it was well worth the $14. My sister had the beef sandwich -- looked like richly smothered shredded beef.  And my sis in law had the caesar salad with maitake mushroom add-on - they raved that the  dressing was garlicky caesar perfection.  

A couple service kinks:  we were offered still or sparkling water.  I had sparkling, but when they refilled my glass they didn't ask me and poured still, leaving me with a mix of sparkling and still. I don't think that would have happened at the Fountain or in the Swan Lounge.

Overall, the restaurant is interesting.  Eclectic. Chic meets flannel and suspenders.  Urban farmer.  Oh I get it now. . . sort of.  I think I'm in the camp that doesn't quite love the feel of this upscale steakhouse paired with the butcher/farmer-looking waitstaff.
I chose urban farmer last year to celebrate my birthday which also turned out to be the night I got engaged. That was a surprise but a nice add-on. So we had a table of five lovely people to celebrate. The food and service were wonderful. We did cheese plates, we did desserts, everything in between, we ate like the kings and queens that we are.

The experience was marred by one incident that unfortunately made me hesitant to return. That's the reason for 3 stars. Didn't want to be too harsh and do less than that. But I really should return just to do this again to see if it happens again.

We were dining on a Friday evening at UF. The Sunday prior, just days before, I introduced my then fiancée to extra dirty martini's w/ Belvedere vodka. The Sunday prior we were at my favorite restaurant, the Prime Rib. She was completely awestruck by its awesomeness. I DID tell her that the Prime Rib makes the best martinis, but Belvedere is key. 

Fast forward five days? We're at urban farmer. Ordered extra dirty martini with belvedere from the table for her. The drink comes back she takes a sip she screws up her face. I ask her what's going on. She said I don't know... "I guess it's just not as good as the other place."

I'm puzzled, tell her to hand it to me to taste. I mean yes, the prime rib is very special and that they shake that bad boy until the cows come home so it is iced you get the ice chips in it I mean things like that. But it shouldn't be so different that you would screw up your face. I take a sip...
That's not Belvedere.

Who is sitting next to me? My BFF of 20 years from undergrad, who is a what? A professional bartender.  I mean, at Del Frisco's, Parc, etc-A high-end bartender. She takes a sip..

NOPE. Thats not Belvedere. 

Well this is awkward. 
She calls the waiter over we have a back-and-forth with him, he was not unprofessional but he's saying you know oh that's Belvedere or whatever. We insist the drink is remade, it comes back... NOW, That's Belvedere. 

I can only think they tried to pass off cheap vodka, charged us for the premium vodka and think we wouldn't notice. 

I will also add were a table of five black people. I don't recall even seeing another black patron at the time let alone a table of five black people. I'm not trying to say race was necessarily a part of it... But ‍ 

In any event, I 100% believe they were not expecting our palate to be as sophisticated as it was. They tried to slip something past... And left a very poor impression. We've mentioned urban farmer a couple of times and wanted to go back because the food was wonderful. But we keep bringing this instance up and say pass...
My wife and I have been going to urban farmer since they opened and have always loved it. This was our first time back since the pandemic and the quality of the food Along with the quality of the service has dropped dramatically. 

We visited for my wife's birthday. A party of 4. 3 of us order Wagyu New York strips. And one person ordered the grass-fed fillet. All the meats were cooked to perfection except mine. It simply seemed like a bad cut of beef. I've had a lot of wagyu beef and I truly believe they didn't serve me a wagyu cut. It was most likely a simple accident. But nevertheless it was extremely undercooked (cold to the touch) with way too much fat and blood clots. I tried to force my way through it but I eventually had to say something. 

I would have said something earlier but our server was MIA for 15 min. Hence why I tried to eat it. When I made him aware, his response was "that's what wagyu beef looks like."  I stayed calm and explained that I've had my fair share of wagyu and this is either not that, or at the very least a bad cut. Not to mention it is cold to the touch - extremely undercooked. I wasn't expecting him to comp my plate. How could I - I ate half of it the way it was because I had no choice. But at the very least I expected him to cover our app or half the plate. It's a $75 dollar steak. Oh - and his other comment at the time was "would you like me to reheat it for you". Sir - this isn't Applebee's. It's a $75 cut of meat. You don't reheat that. You offer to replace it with a new one. Again, I wasn't asking for that but it was clear that this server was not familiar with working at a higher end restaurant. 

So he left the table with the final words of "don't worry, I'll take care of this."  When he finally returned another 20 min later he handed me the check with absolutely nothing "taken care of."  Now normally I tip my servers at least 35-40% everywhere we go. Since the pandemic I've been tipping close to 50% to help servers out in hard times. I left this gentleman 10%. First time I've ever under tipped in my whole life. 

Moral of the story - the Restuarant was once our favorite place. We would promote it to all of our friends and family. But the place it is now, is not what it was before the doors closed. Management needs to wake up and fix it. Service like that will not allow the Restuarant to last long in the category dining they are in. My wife and I will not be returning which I'm sure they don't care (what's one couple).  But I'm sure we aren't the only ones who have experienced the drop in overall quality. Oh - and the comp valet isn't comp anymore. And you don't find out until you go to get your car. That's a fun final FU to us on the way out. 

Good luck to ya!
*happy hour is 3-6 Mon - Fri* 


This is a very nice, expensive, yet casual, massive, trendy restaurant. There is an unbelievable amount of staff working here. The kitchen is wide open to the restaurant and it seems to just go on forever. 

We sat at the comfortable and large sofa and chairs in the bar area. We were there around 3:30, so they were only serving a bar menu, which was pretty limited but the burger was amazing and the chicken sandwich was good. 

The desserts are massive and very rich, you could honestly get one for four people if you just want a few bites. The pecan ice cream is incredible and I just want a whole bowl of that. 

While sitting in this bar area we notice the bar tender who seemed to be HAND CARVING blocks of ice for drinks. Thought that was kind of impressive. Service was okay, the servers were whatever they want, it looks like, and it's kind of nice. This is a very comfortable yet luxurious feeling restaurant
One of my happy hour pals always wants to go here when we get together. I never do. 

I can't comment on the restaurant/steak house experience as I've never availed myself to it. 

The drinks, happy hour or regular price, are always well done. Service is fast and efficient. If you sit at the bar, you might very well be agog and agape at how fast the bartender(s) work. It's astounding.

There has been absolutely nothing wrong with this place on any visit as far as drinks and service go so I am loath to write a negative review. 

For my drinking dollars, personal criticism is that this just plain FEELS like a hotel bar. Yes, management has tried mightily to warm it up with conversation/gathering "zones" where you, your brother and sister drinkers can sit on posh, cushy couches with a coffee table for plopping your drink and cheese board on, pillowy chairs you sink into only lacking the prerequisite afghan or blankie for the ultimate in comfort-though perhaps just as well they don't if you're drinking. If you're with a date or a business acquaintance, you can sit at one of those vile (to me) high bar tables for two with the too tall stools that leave your feet dangling like Humpty Dumpty on his wall. A loner? Well, there's lots of room for you at the bar.

If you're an out of town visitor to Philly and you've been to the sites/institutions on the Parkway, you probably won't go wrong here if you are weary, want to have a pee, wash your hands, rest your feet, cool off or warm up (depending on the season), have some nice snacks (avoid the tepid french fries), drink good drinks and do some casual watching of those who are not all necessarily natives. 

I really applaud the efforts the space planners/decorators went to in order to give the feeling that this is a cozy place. To me, though, it still isn't - as in Sassafras it ain't. It's hard to put 'this is what my gut tells me' feelings aside, so let me just give you stars since YOUR mileage will certainly vary.

Drinks-5 stars
Bartenders/servers-5 stars
Speed of service-5 stars
Happy hour chow-4 stars (the fries are lackluster, though)
Clean, civilized bathrooms-5 stars
Ambiance-2 stars
TL;DR If you're looking for a steakhouse in Philly, this is NOT it. Go to Del Frisco's Double Eagle, Barclay's, or Butcher and Singer. Hell- just go to Mortons to avoid this place! 

I really can't believe how terrible this experience was :(. 

Sunday night 8:00 PM reservation. Arrived at 8 PM (outdoor entrance from Race St) Seated 8:23 PM. Water came at 8:30. Food began to arrive at 9:00 PM. 'Finished' meal by 9:25, and by finished I mean took a couple bites of some truly terrible steak, boxed none of it, paid, and then left.

Timing: forget the fact that it took us 23 minutes to be seated for a reservation, it took a lifetime to prepare some simple food. The wait may have been worth it if the steaks were nearly as good as their creamed spinach and wild mushrooms. It took us one hour to get our SIDES. We requested the sides come immediately versus with our steaks since none of the appetizers looked, well, appetizing. The sides took a half hour. It took them a half hour to do creamed spinach, French , and wild mushrooms. 

When we asked how long until the steaks the manager ( she wasn't our waitress but she was doing our waiters job essentially from the moment we sat down to "help move things along") made a face, her eyes got really big and she leaned back then said, "Oh well that's going to be a while". She followed that up with a disappointing excuse of "we just got busy all at the same time!" If your Resturant can't handle 100% capacity then something needs to change! Following our reaction (and probably the realization that our steaks may be promptly canceled by us), the steaks magically appeared 5 minutes later!

Food: 
Highly recommend the creamed spinach side and wild mushroom side. 
Avoid at all costs the 8 oz grass fed tenderloin (filet). I requested medium well for a pink throughout steak, butterfly style (for time sake as much as thoroughness of preparation). It was so dry, so tasteless, so bland, I took one bite and was done. 
Avoid the 16 oz porterhouse steak. My boyfriend requested this one medium, red center. There was one particular portion of this meat that was really tender and flavorful. He gave me a bite of that part and had a couple pieces himself. But the majority of his steak was left on his plate as well. (See picture from right before we left)

Ambiance: Very different from the usual Philly steakhouse. In my opinion, that's not a good thing. Instead of the excellent service, dark rooms, and fantastic historical setting found in Butcher and Singer or Double Eagle, here you have the complete opposite. In this Resturant it's very brightly lit, with even brighter decorations, the waiters are in jeans, and the inside of the Resturant lacks any historical context unlike the museums right across the street.
Awesome brunch spot! Loved the food and drinks, as well as the ambience. The booths were perfect for our larger party size and the decor was very cute. Urban farmer is located in The Logan at Logan Circle in Philly, which is a very cute area, which makes dining here all the more appealing. They have a good selection of traditional and non-traditional brunch options that is surely to please your party. The food came out quick and it was all very tasty. The English muffin is particularly to note, as it is definitely housemade, fresh, and nothing like what you'd typically think of! They're very big and fluffy! 

Definitely recommend this spot for brunch!
Early cool morning in Philly today still took the walk from the hotel over to Urban Farmers. Our waiter John was a super cool guy, great attitude, and very helpful with the menu and questions. 

We started off with fresh squeezed orange juice which I have to say it was very refreshing. From the "Begin" menu we chose the Cinnamon Rolls which were delicious.  John happen to let us know they are cooked in house and fresh baked on the weekends and in the mornings so we made a great choice with these. 

For our meals we chose the French Toast - brioche bread, mixed berry compote, almond butter and Philadelphia maple syrup. The next meal was the Short Rib Hash- potatoes, mushrooms, little peppers,spinach,bernaise, and eggs your style. 

The food was plenty I wasn't even able to finish my French toast. Great place and the decor was beautiful with many lights, different chairs, open space layout and a bar.
One of my biggest regrets after leaving Philly was not visiting Urban Farmer before we left. So I was ecstatic when my husband made us anniversary dinner reservations while we were visiting. We love a beautiful meal full of warmth and soul, a meal that u savor and remember and our anniversary dinner is usually a very special meal for us. After doing a little research on Urban Farmer I was even more excited to be having dinner there. 

It's the absolutely enchanting concept creating the atmosphere at Urban Farmer which makes it such a special meal.  Urban Farmer is a love story of the best kind, two people from completely different worlds, a farmer and a city girl who loves art & big city life, celebrating the best of each other and the love of bringing their worlds together.  My husband said that really came through in the meal and the atmosphere. 

As we were seated we are greeted with some beautiful glasses of champagne for the special occasion. When they know u are celebrating it's like everyone is celebrating with u! Such a nice unexpected surprise that made the night even more special. Now to the good stuff...the literal meat and potato's of this review (read it all though...there's some good stuff!)

WHAT WE ATE!:

Charcuterie - All parts are house made, from the amazing pickled veggies to the "country pâté" (side note: if u only step out of ur box once make the country pâté at Urban Farmer that one thing u try...it was exceptional)
 
New York Steak Tasting (we added the Wagu because why not!?) - 4 perfect cut steaks, grass fed, corn fed, dry aged (my fave), and Wagu (my husbands fave) all cooked to absolute medium rare perfection. All of them were so tender and juicy and the Wagu...like Butta - Butter for those that don't live on old SNL. 

Heirloom Carrots - a beautiful dish of heirloom carrots, each with their own distinctive flavor and seasoned perfectly. So so good. 

Baked Mac N Cheese - Really what more is there to say other than that. Creamy Mac n cheese with a crispy crumbled top. Delicious. 

Twice Baked Fingerling Tart - OMG LET ME TELL U! I will never look at a potato the same again! Our server Scott said that if we ordered one side to make it that one and he was right! Crispy flaky puff pastry crust, thinly sliced seasoned and layered potatoes baked and then topped with crem fresh and the most savory lardons I've ever had, the perfect potato dish. 

The food itself is a celebration of two worlds on a plate, nose to tail cooking at its finest. The respect that the chef has for what he puts on the plate is complimented by simplicity in which it is presented. The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, & bordering on the edge of urban farmhouse chic but in a very good way.  I felt at home. 

Our server, Scott, was so nice and very likable. He was laid back but informative and quick to recommend items and let us know his personal favorites. He regularly checked on us to see how the meal was going and if we had any questions. He was a really enjoyable addition to our night.  At the end of the night your presented with ur Check and a packet of seeds...it drives home the thought of knowing where our food comes from, having respect for the ingredients, and maybe trying to grow something beautiful urself. 

When we visit Philly again we will definitely be returning to Urban Farmer. We were so full we couldn't possibly do dessert so next time that's the plan! Dessert first!! Lol.  So if ur looking for a special meal or an unforgettable one this is the place no doubt. I hope that they are in Philly for a very long time and maybe just maybe they could find a home in Nashville as well...hint hint lol.
One of the best meals we've had in awhile, and we eat well.

Took my hubby here for his birthday. Great atmosphere, artsy and trendy--not your typical, older, romantic albeit stuffy steakhouse feel.

Complimentary cornbread and warm rolls. Top notch. 

Wine on tap (cab), despite waitress not recommending it, was fine.  She called it the "happy hour wine."  She gave me a taste first, which was nice. Was reasonably priced at $11 compared to most other red wines by the glass $17+. 

We started w/ the cheese plate, some great aged cheddar on there and nice crispy crackers, almonds an honey also featured. 

We shared a Caesar salad, which comes in wedge form with lots of shredded cheese and cracked black pepper. Dressing wasn't overly creamy at all.  Def. sizable enough to share, one each would've been WAY too much. They split it up for us which was appreciated. 

I had the 14 oz. ribeye and hubby had the 8 oz. filet. Both of our steaks were cooked and seasoned to perfection, which for us was medium.  The Yukon potato purée was a shareable side (comes in a medium-sized crock) was delightfully creamy and buttery. Hubby added candied bacon to his steak, smart choice, they give you a lot, and it's thick, juicy, and magical.

We had no room for dessert, but saw the butterscotch blondie sundae with toffee chip ice cream (it's his birthday!) so we went for it.  It comes in a large-ish mason jar with a bday candle for us.  It was really good, but honestly didn't need the blondie on the bottom at all, it was all good without it.  We left a big chunk of it behind.

Overall, great atmosphere, to die for steak, and lovely service.  We will be returning.
I've been to Urban Farmer twice and my only gripe is the service (hence the four out of five stars). My first visit was spent at the bar area where I waited 15 minutes to order a drink! Then another 15 minutes to get a menu. Mind you it was a Tuesday night and they were not busy at all! Maybe I should sit in the middle of the bar as opposed to the side but regardless, patrons should never have to wait that long to be served... Or acknowledged. For my second visit, I decided to take my sister and her husband to dine in. We were seated right away. Awesome. We were offered bread! Hell yes we want bread! You would think the bread would come right away but it didn't. It actually came out with our appetizers.... No big deal though. Our main courses also came shortly after. I can continue to complain about the service but it really wasn't completely terrible. 

Overall, I think the place is amazing! I am also obsessed with the interior design... I seriously could live there! 

So let's talk food. Everything I had was amazing! I ordered the duck and my sister and her hubby ordered the steak sampler to share. We also ordered brussels, mushrooms, butternut squash,  foie gras and bone marrow to share. Out of all the appetizers, I enjoyed the foie gras and marrow the most... but everything was just delicious! If you're a big meat eater, I suggest ordering the steak sampler! Worth the money! For my next visit, I'm going to go for the cheese cart and some dessert!

This is not only a great place for locals to dine, but a place tourists or guests at the Logan Hotel can appreciate. 

Can't wait to go back!
Though I'd been to the Logan several times in the past, I never had the chance to check out Urban Farmer - but this past weekend opted to brunch here with a few friends and absolutely loved it. The tables are situated far enough apart to make me feel comfortable dining indoors sans mask, the trendy yet comforting decor made me feel like I could take any guest here (parents, SO, coworker) here and they'd enjoy the ambiance, and the service was friendly and nimble. We ordered the avocado eggs Benedict, lobster eggs Benedict and the waffles - all were delicious, generously proportioned and reasonably priced. I'd absolutely come here for brunch again.
I loved this spot! Valet parking was helpful. The atmosphere was beautiful. Server was friendly and funny. The menu had a lot of great options. 

Everyone loved the bone marrow and cheese plate. I had the salmon and it was wonderful although it did not come with any sides.
I would consider layout of this restaurant very comfortable. The floor contained large tables, large booths, small tables, small booths, couches, high tops, and a bar; the options are endless. 
Setting the pace of the meal is very important. Our waitress and her crew of (a cheese monger, more waiters, and waitresses) were AWESOME! The polite and knowledgeable staff were well trained/confident in their actions. 
   Food and drinks are so very important to life. These two simple entities can make or break a dining experience. NOT TONIGHT!! The food and drink experience was simply excellent. Sparkling or flat water. Apps? Fresh oysters and charcuterie are were my goto on top of the home made corn bread. The wine and spirit list was also kind to the palate. Steak was the choice of the evening.This was the choice due to the fact Urban Farmer has an in-house butcher. I will conclude the food section with talking a little bit about the side dishes and how delicious they were. 
Overall, visit this establishment Eat, Drink, and Be Merry!
Beautiful location, better service and they serve la Colombe coffee. That combination can almost never go wrong! We were a party of 16 and had booked a table for brunch in Advance, even with a large size of our group, the service was personalized and no orders were wrong. We ordered almost everything but some of the things that were a sure hit were the crab Benedict, the short rib hash, the shrimp and grits. I also happened to order the side of potato which was a super yummy hash brown. 
I can't wait to go back and try the dinner and Steaks!
Definitely have some mixed feelings about Urban Farmer. The food is decent, but pricey for what it is. The atmosphere is far too casual in my opinion to be an upscale steakhouse. The service is where it really lacks for me. 

I first came here for the friends and family happy hour before their grand opening. My girlfriends and I tried a plethora of items from the happy hour menu (deviled eggs, oysters, charcuterie, bone marrow, and some others), and were pretty pleased at first. When we ordered from the dinner menu, they started dropping the ball:
- brought dessert first
- brought the wrong entrée to our table
- completely forgot our sides
- did not refill our drinks
- never brought dessert back out
It was a free meal so I figured they were still working out their kinks and didn't think much of it.

Fast forward about a week later, I revisited with a large group for an office lunch. We had a fairly large group and I think their first mistake was having only one main server taking orders for 4 tables. There was a major time lag from when one table ordered to the next, and that translated to everyone's meal being staggered upwards of 15 minutes or more. There was additional wait staff refilling drinks and bringing dishes out, but some of the dishes were brought to the wrong person. One of my colleagues in particular received her lunch entrée last -- and it happened to be a "medium well" steak that showed up completely RARE. Still bleeding. She sent it back to the kitchen and a server brought her a fruit bowl while she waited. When the steak returned, it was medium rare and the rest of the group had finished their meals. This was clearly an oversight on the kitchen's part - her ordered must have been missed from the get-go.

I had ordered the "arctic char", and while I enjoyed my lunch, I'm convinced that the actual fish they served me was salmon.

For coffee and dessert, it took about half an hour to arrive... A one and a half hour lunch ended up being close to a 3 hour affair. Sad to say that first impressions say a lot, and my office will likely not be back.
Very, very good food & ambience!  We ordered the burger with bacon and avocado.  The bacon was thick and crispy - perfect.  Also the chicken breast sandwich.  Both were very good - our side was salad.  The chicken salad sandwich had jam very crispy bacon and avocado on it - outstanding!  This was the best meal we have eaten in Philly so far this trip!  No pics, we dove right into the food
First time here and definitely will be back! We came for Valentine's Day and I got the branzino served whole (usually the filet it but I wanted the whole thing and couldn't have been more happier with my choice!). Service was excellent and the chef even was so kind to come out to see the "crazy girl" who ordered the whole fish. Thank you for this wonderful meal. It was fantastic  service was excellent.
Delicious as always. I've eaten at Urban Farmer in Cleveland and have been a huge fan of this restaurant since. I did show up a few minutes late to dinner and we already had a cheese board on the table. I will say, I don't know if it was the people already at the table who didn't know what to do or the restaurant here does things differently, but we didn't get to pick our own cheeses. At the Urban Farmer in Cleveland, someone came to our table with a cheese cart and let us sample each cheese and gave us a short history on the cheese before we put our board together. The cheese board here was a little on the disappointing side for my personal taste, but everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy it. The steaks were all delicious and perfectly prepared. This is one of the best places you can go to get a truly amazing steak. The sides were also as tasty as we remembered from our Cleveland trip. I did opt for dessert and found mine wasn't as great as I had hoped and the choices were not extensive, but really, if you're there, you're there for the steak anyway. Between two bottles of wine, steaks, cheese boards, sides, and desserts for nine people, we were right around $900. Budget $100 per person and know it will be worth it.
So underwhelmed by my experience here. I had to remind the waiter to take our entree orders as he completely forgot after putting our appetizers in, serving our appetizers and then letting us linger longer.  Then I had to fake going to the ladies room to track our waiter down to get a bill after we had been in the restaurant for close to three hours. Our table ordered three steaks medium rare, amongst other things, and all three were served medium. The food was fine.... the asparagus was very good I have to say and I did love my drink, but feel that high end prices should be accompanied by high end service and it was really lacking that evening.
Please find my dinner review separate from this. I realized that I had forgot to mention the CORNBREAD and dinner rolls. A little odd to review a standard bread basket but HOLY COW. BF said that the cornbread was AWARD WORTHY and it's absolutely true. They bring it out in a tin can and it slides right out in the bread basket all warm and yummy. The super soft sweet cream butter is made on the premises. The little dinner rolls were so warm and soft and good as well but that cornbread is something f amazing. 
I'm honestly still blown away by such a wonderful dining experience. This place goes down in the books for top 5 place we have ever eaten. Definitely a 5 all around. Next time we won't do steak(the steak sampler was good, (especially the wagyu)  but I want to try the scallops and salmon.

The Urban Farmer is a well run, calm but still exciting gem. The food is amazing. The staff are kind and chill
And knowledgeable. The cocktails were good. No hangovers next day so high quality alcohol. The Logan hotel is a great spot as they have couches and seating you can wander to with your drinks from Urban Farmer. It was a wonderful experience. Locally sourced, lots of food made right on premises. Beautiful spot. 

The host at the front was amazing. Didn't get their name but super tall and slender person with great energy.
We called ahead and got our name on a list for a 25 min wait. When we got there they said 20 mins. There were at least 10 tables open but they didn't seat us. Long story short we ended up waiting over 45 mins and they gave us a table that had been open when we got there. I even asked them to put us there and they said they had a reservation. It was really irritating to have to wait so long with 2 small kids while there were multiple tables open. The service was meh and the food was good not spectacular. Make sure you have a reservation and even if you do expect to wait. Very poor management.
Went here for breakfast on a yelp recommendation and was really really impressed. Did the short rib hash and the biscuits and sausage gravy and loved both. Coupled with a really well made Bloody Mary and a decent barman.
This is one of my favorite new-ish brunch spots. We had reservations for 830am on a Sunday (I believe you can reserve even earlier) which is great for the early risers. The decor is earthy, rustic - not to loud inside so can hold a conversation. It is located on Logan Square but I didn't get a tourist feel even though it is connected to a hotel. I had the egg Benedict with avocado which was awesome. Smooth texture without being runny. Mimosa good as well. Negative- Service was slow, especially to get the check. We were also sat at a table with awkward height seats. Looked cute but uncomfortable.
This place is way over-rated. Tasteless soup and salad. Mediocre steak.
I wish I had the experience that several other reviews here and on Yelp seem to describe. For a place oriented around meat, this was the only thing they had to get right, and they definitely did not.

I started with the Caesar. I admit I'm a little particular about the dish: I don't like creamy dressing or soggy leaves, and I do like garlic. This was 50% of good: not creamy, a little soggy, not much garlic. Having had Caesar salads hundreds of times, this was what I'd call a checkbox salad rather than something conceived and made with pride.

The real disappointment was the meat. I had a New York Strip (14 oz Red Top) for $49. It was a little overdone, and I specified "warm red center" rather than expecting us to agree on "medium rare". Worse, it was dry, took a lot of chewing to work through, and was just not flavorful. This was not a steak cooked by someone who knew how to cook meat.

Minor but part of the experience: I found the ambience quirky and funky in a good way, but the music was just weirdly awful: mainstream 80s/90s hits (I think I remember The Cars, for example) that didn't go with the decor or the price of the place at all.

If I'd paid $35 or $40 for this experience, I'd shrug it off. But I paid $85 with tax and tip, and for that amount of money I expect good food.

EDIT: Thanks to Troy C from the restaurant for posting an apology and the kind offer to try their food again. Unfortunately I received no response when I tried to accept the offer by messaging here and on Facebook.
This place was perfect for our family since we live farm to table restaurants , it's really nice and spacious seating inside with lots of nice wall art and dim lighting! Friendly service and great breakfast foods options
Came here for a date night with my husband. I wouldn't typically come somewhere like this without having a special occasion. But, we already happened to be down in the city for something else and didn't want to pay to park again. This was one of only a couple places in walking distance so we decided to go here. The decor and ambiance is kinda quirky and rustic and the layout is very open. Overall, it all goes together very nicely and makes for a gorgeous restaurant. This is a farm to table restaurant. We had a reservation and were immediately seated at a nice table. The bread basket they give you to start is amazing, the cornbread especially.  We were also given a delicious amuse bouche. Next, I had the Caesar salad which was  great and huge. I liked that it came with an anchovy in it. For our entree, my husband and I were going to share the New York steak tasting, but our waiter suggested we do the 18 oz Wagyu instead. I was glad we went with his suggestion, because I actually had never had Wagyu before. Since my husband and I were sharing and he likes his steak medium rare and I like mine medium, they cooked it somewhere in the middle for us and it was perfect. We also got a side of the mac and cheese which was awesome. For dessert, we had the butterscotch sundae, AMAZING, if you're getting dessert you must get this. It was probably the highlight of the meal for me, it really had a unique taste. All our food was great, I really had no complaints. On top of all this, the service was great. You'd think at an expensive restaurant, good service would be a given, but unfortunately that doesn't seem to be the case a lot of places lately. I can't wait to come back!
Some of the best cornbread I've had! The staff was amazing. Very knowledgeable and attentive. The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 was I thought the steak prices were a bit high for the casual chic atmosphere.  

I'm looking forward to trying the breakfast. They make their sourdough in house...as well as everything else. Presentation was spot on. All in all very pleased. 

Bonus: you get a packet of seeds with your check. #interesting
This was a really nice - albeit pricey - meal. One of the better steakhouses where I've eaten. 

There's a different approach to this steakhouse - it's certainly not a classical (stuffy) steakhouse. There's more of a modern, yet rustic, vibe to the place, which may come across as a restaurant having an identity crisis from a decor standpoint, but stuff like that doesn't bother me.

The other difference on the menu is that there are multiple selections for different cuts (filet, New York, ribeye) that are listed by origin, diet (grass/corn), and age...a really interesting concept that sets this place apart from others.

Be sure to check out their daily butcher's list - I scored a tender beef belly appetizer off that menu for only $12 - well worth it!

My buddy ordered a Caesar salad and the Nebraska filet mignon, which he said was simply the best steak he's ever had.

I ordered the New York "steak flight," three 6 oz. portions of strip, one grass-fed, one corn-fed and one dry-aged. It was a unique way to enjoy the offerings. I would concede that the kitchen is assertive in salting the steaks, but that's not something that was offensive to my palate.

If you don't order the fingerling potato casserole, you're a fool.

Service was attentive, not overbearing, and very helpful in helping us make some menu decisions.

Be prepared for about $100-$120/pp, not including tip, but at the end of the day, it's a special meal kind of place, not a once a month destination.
Amazing restaurant located inside the Logan Hotel. It's great to see hotels now using new craft farm to table style restaurants inside their hotels as opposed to the cheesy restaurants you use to see. Urban Farmer is also the restaurant that does the room service meals to the rooms.
If i could give it a ten star I would. The Urban Farmer is on the top of my list for pleasant dining experiences. Stopped in for Sunday Brunch.  The minute you walk in the door the vibe is set. The Natural light and warm colors makes this place aesthetically pleasing. The over head music playing was a great selection of 1980s eclectic retro music, which we loved. The wait staff was welcoming and friendly. We sat in the high chairs at the window. Got to people watch as we leisurely enjoyed our meal.

We started with Pineapple Mimosas at the bar and sat at the couch waiting on our table. Once seated I ordered the Cheese platter with a side of applewood bacon and a fruit cup. Enjoyed every single bite. The three cheese combination paired with the tasty jam spread was a great alternative to my usually eggs or heavy pancakes. I suggest The applewood bacon or shaved ham to go with it. You won't be disappointed.  The coffee is fresh and strong. I can't say enough good things about the Urban Farmer. Refreshing twist to some of the stuffer and formal dining experiences. Its on the pricier side but I don't mind paying for superior quality and great service.
I have sampled the high life a couple of times at the Logan, sipping cocktails at Assembly, the hotels rooftop bar. I have enjoyed some F$@# work bourbons at the Commons the hotels lobby bar, even had the chance to see a few members of the Wu-Tang Clan all great experiences, experiences that prepared me for the amazing dining service at Urban Farmer.

The atmosphere of this establishment doesn't have the typical steakhouse feel. The atmosphere is a little more open and brighter that most steak establishments. 

Dinner service kicked off with a nice bourbon on the rocks. The ladies in our party decided we were going to go with a seafood tower appetizer. The tower consisted of lobster tail, lamb crab, jumbo shrimp, muscles, and salmon tartare. It was not as plentiful as some of the other seafood towers I have had from other establishments. This is why I wasn't able to go above four stars. 

When it was time to order entrees I already had my sights set on the 24oz, 30 day dry-aged ribeye. What an exceptional cut of meat! When you have the opportunity to consume any premium cut of meat, dry-aged over 30 days, please do not hesitate to consume the flavors of a perfectly seared, medium-rare to medium, quality cut of dry-aged perfection. 

I am not sure where Urban Farmer ranks among my to tier steakhouse experiences, but just like the flavor of this quality cut of dry-aged goodness it's lingering up there.
Came for a family member's birthday dinner.  I'll start with the good.  I personally really liked the ambience.  Our waiter who's name I didn't catch because I arrived late, was well informed, and accommodating.  We ordered a number of apps for the table, and the octopus and beef tartare were my favorites.  Now the reason for the three stars.  I ordered a wagyu New York strip.  It was a lovely steak, but I firmly believe it was not wagyu.  For 70 some dollars a restaurant should not be trying to pass off lesser meat as wagyu.  I have eaten enough wagyu meat to know this was not that.  The steak was somewhat lean apart from the strip.  I didn't end up saying anything because I didn't want to ruin everyone's good time.  Just buyer be ware.
Client dinner here on a Thursday night. 

The Cesar salad was large enough for 2 people and was excellent. Perfect blend of anchovies and parmesan cheese. 

I had the 14 oz corn fed NY strip. It was the most tender NY strip I ever had or it was the worlds sharpest knife (just kidding). 

For sides we had the potato tart, fingerling potatoes and mushrooms.  All were shareable sizes and were very good. 

So why only 4 stars? The flavor of the steak was bland. Either not seasoned well or being corn fed beef has changed the flavor. 

Next time I would do the dry aged steak to ensure that the flavor comes through.
My husband and I had not planned to stop here, but a long walk to and from City Hall to The Philadelphia Art Museum during and ice storm chilled us to the core and made us hungry. First, I have to say I was drawn to the name because it had a farm-to-table vibe which I appreciate as a 'foodie'. We didn't have a reservation, but they have overflow tables set aside (it is in a hotel after all) for just that reason so we were very happy. I had the mulled wine which took a while to get to the table, but it was made to order and it was worth the wait! They bring you a tall piece of warm cornbread that was shaped like a silo and it was moist and delicious. It was served with butter, but really didn't need it. My husband had the braised octopus, I had the foie gras torchon and we shared the cauliflower almond soup. Everything was flavored well, but we had to ask for salt to add seasoning to the soup and the octopus was so overcooked, I could see the dryness when my husband cut into it. My recommendation to the chef is to pull it off the grill a bit sooner.  The foie gras was served on top of a graham cracker, which had me scratching my head, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was a large, soft cracker with a touch of sweetness that did not overpower the foie gras and could be cut with a knife. Bravo! These issues are easy fixes and we will definitely go back to have another go at the menu!
