Urban Saloon's one big room, but still a decent spot to enjoy a beer. There's room for friends and then some: when I was there, it was chock full of folks watching the Phils spar against the Yankees on several flatscreens. A projector was set up, too, but I'm unsure if that's normal. In any event, it got loud. Thankfully, there was no cover.

I've heard good things about brunch, and will have to return for that.

Find them near the Eastern State Penitentiary.
Let's make a pro/con list:

Pro: Cool location. The penitentiary looks awesome lit up at night across the street.

Con: $10 cover for the improv show we saw (a friend was performing). This isn't Second City. 

Pro: $2 Brooklyn Pumpkin Lager (I think lager?)

Con: The waitress told us it was so cheap because they're trying to get rid of it.

Pro: Macaroni and Cheese! With tomato soup?

Con: Macaroni and bland with tomato sauce

Pro: Solid bloody mary.

Con: The bartender would rather text and eat than serve patrons to earn tips.
not my cup of tea.

i spent the whole time being bro'd and brah'd by popped collar/striped shirts.

they serve jager-bombs without the shot glass b/c so many glasses have been smashed by people "triumphantly" slamming their glass to the table.

there were at least 4 people with blue-tooth ear pieces in at midnight on a saturday.

i went there for the birthday of a girl who hates me.

I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
I loved everything about this place! I stumbled across it after doing a little touring, so I decided to venture on in! I was promptly greeted by a hostess, and immediately given a table in the middle of all the action! There are several  flat screens, good music blasting, a nice full bar area and quite a few tables all around. It's very loud here! So if you don't like a lot of noise, stay away from this place! They have indoor and outdoor seating and are extremely animal friendly(outside tables only of course!) 

The waiter was friendly and attentive and took the time to explain a few menu items. Everything we ordered was smoking hot and GOOD! 

For this restaurant to be in such a touristy area, the prices are rather reasonable! There's street parking which you probably won't find, so I suggest parking in the paid lot which is less than a block away. 

Honorable mention: 

THE WANGS, LOL! If you're a fan of buffalo-wings, you're going to be in heaven here! The wings are crispy fried and lightly coated with a good flavor sauce! They literally came out smoking hot which was quite impressive! They are honestly finger licking good, and I highly recommend them!
We really enjoyed our visit here. We stopped by after visiting the Eastern Penitentiary which is directly across the street. I'm so glad that we did! The food was great! My sandwich and the soup was super yummy! We had a couple of beers thereafter and we were set! Our server was very efficient and checked on us regularly. 
If ever in the area l would not hesitate to stop by.
Just not my kind of scene. At all.  I feel like this place is another outpost of Public House (you can read my review of this place too)  Big, generic and with a bar name that sounds like, omg! oh-so-cool.  Same mediocre food with very similar menu selections.  Beer selections are a little more varied and interesting though they could stand to update their lists more frequently.  Good place for big groups.  Solid happy hour specials if you're in the 'hood during that time.  

The staff here is much more tolerable than Public House, a lot more action and a lot less attitude.  Though that might change depending what night you're in here.  The weekend crowd tends to skew towards a younger and more rowdier demographic - often very frat-like.  If that's your bag, go on weekends and get your drink on.  If not, stick to weeknights or go somewhere more authentic in the area: think Rembrandt's, the Bishop's collar or even London Grill.
I find it ironic that this bar is called "Urban Saloon" because it so belongs in the suburbs.

It definitely has some sort of identity crisis going on. I guess it is a... sports bar? Or a douchey college kid bar? But like... for yuppies? Whaaaaat?

The space is poorly laid out. It is pretty sparse. It looks like they just gave up trying to create any sort of atmosphere. And what kind of sports bar doesn't have a pool table or darts?

The food is so boring. Also, who puts plain white rice in a burrito?

The beer selection is just normal, average, nothing I haven't seen at bars all over Philly.
what doesn't belong here? me. walked in on a wednesday nite and immediately fought the urge to flee. the place is super spacious. it is in a good area and the sound system is great. but, good stereo sound and big space  does not a good bar make. 

the crowd here scares me. i actually saw 2 girls take a cab here. why?! the crowd of baseball caps (if you are playing baseball, then yes wear it, but, dudes, you are at a bar) bad first dates, and popped collars and flip flops does not depict a crowd i am used to. sort of the preps gone bad type crowd. the bartenders were nice, but a bit slow to check up on us. they made my drink according to my request and the edamame and the "urban fries" were just eh. we got about 5 drinks and the food and the bill was under 40 bucks.  the place has potential, let's hope it can live up to its hype.

nothing in this bar struck me as urban or as saloon-esque. yes, they have nice flat screens. no, there were no cowboys in chaps or gunslingers or bull riding.

btw, i think wednesday they have bands perform. if you like cover bands doing daughtry and maroon 5 covers, then jump to it. as for me, i think i will stay home and watch deadwood and do my own shots of whiskey sans the prep crowd.
I will never go into Urban Saloon on a Wednesday night again... wow, the bartender Melody was so rude I wanted to leave a few minutes after sitting down.  With so many places to choose from in Fairmount especially with friendly service why deal with a bartender that acts like it's a burden to get you a drink.... spraying down the bar with windex an inch away from customers.  My personal favorite was telling me that the obviously old wine had just been opened and getting annoyed that I asked for something else.  
No thanks- I will go to Lucky Seven for a great experience with great service.
when names can be misleading! aside from the old western door as the second entrance, and maybe the wooden decor, the place wasn't very saloon like. And the beautiful part of Fairmount (right by Eastern State Penitentiary) isn't al that urban. that's not the only thing I had a hard time figuring out by the end of my first visit.

Overall this semi sports bar felt like it was a suburban spot right in the middle of the city. I could definitely picture it being right at home in Bryn Mawr or King of Prussia. while there isn't necessarily anything wrong with that I've just grown to expect a bit more when I'm dining out in the city. At least it helps weed a certain crowd out of spots like Bishop's Collar and Trio when they decide to visit Eastern State for the day (and some of the college crowd too).

But while it sounds like I'm totally dogging on this place, I'm not. The service that we received was lightning quick and very well mannered. the Bloody Mary that I had was good even hough it had salt on the rim of the glass like a margarita which I found kind of odd. And the food was pretty good, especially for the price that was paid. So it merits enough reasons to give it a try at least once. Possibly even twice which is something that I'm debating on. And it's less than a year old so it has plenty of time to work out some kinks.
So, I had a weird experience here that caused me to dock a few stars. But not weird enough that I wouldn't come back. 
So I went here with my fella after a night of Halloween merriment at eastern state.  I left my ID in my car but the bouncer was cool...he basically just asked me my birthday, sign, who was president when I was born, and let me in. Much appreciated since I desperately had to pee!
The beer list was pretty sweet. Nice seasonal ones like an old favorite Southern Tier pumpkin. They had a selection of whiskey that I'm sure was impressive to people who know anything about whiskey. And the cocktails were unique and actually drinkable. I drank the warm spiked cider (it had a catchier name, I just don't remember) that night and got a nice buzz. 
My first little bugaboo was the price. After tipping and about 3-4 drinks each I think my man ended up spending $90. Way expensive for a few nightcaps. 
So here's the weird thing. My boyfriend ordered a shot of whiskey, and it came in a larger shot glass but he didn't really notice. One shot of whiskey was priced in the menu at $7. He was charged $14. He asked the bartender what the deal was, and the bartender said, "were you expecting to get one shot of whiskey when you ordered a shot?" Ummm yeah, actually.  In his defense the bartender made it right but I'm not sure why a double shot was given in the first place. 
But like I said, not enough to stop me from returning. I'll be back for sure during the chilly months for some more of that warm cider.
I was so EH about this place, because it felt like being in a suburban brew pub without the ambiance.  A very studenty crowed - people wearing mesh shorts and flip flops etc. Our server was not very attentive and the place was busy but not packed. It was "weeknight" busy.  

I had a cheese steak stew which was french onion soup with bits of steak in them.  I really liked that.  I also ordered a side of tater tots, but I wasn't too impressed with them.  They had a weird deep fried haven't changed the oil in too long aftertaste.  

Prices were reasonable, since I live in Center City and have been paying highway robbery for things.  But I'd rather go to Dock Street or even Iron Hill in Media than this place.
The ambience is really cool - large and open, high ceilings, and skylights.

But the food was lacking.  I was there on a Saturday evening for dinner.  On a whim, my friend and I decided to get the nachos and picked the buffalo chicken kind.  The plate comes out and it is like a small bag of tortilla chips is on the bottom with a pile of buffalo chicken on top.  There was so much chicken on it, it was to the point of being disgusting.  At first we thought "well, at least they give you your money's worth", but when we got the check later, we found out that our not-so-nice whim purchase cost $12, quite possibly the most expensive nachos I've ever had.  Unless they reduce the size of the order and the price, do not order.  Do not.

Another bad point, our main dishes were brought out about five minutes after our nachos.  This was not good timing, especially since we had ordered those well after we put in our nacho order.  My crab cake sliders were alright, but they definitely were not the best I've ever had or even close.  However, at about $8 the price is right.
I also feel bad about dropping a two star review, mostly because the owners Chad and Kelli are super nice people but the crowd this place draws is the worst ("You see this?  This is my new haircut.")  That being said they have a decent beer selection with rotating drafts and the food is alright.  I work on Fairmount so occasionally I'll stop by on my walk to the bus stop for an after work brew but avoid this place like the plague on a weekend night.  

Oh and the bartender Miriam is super cute and has an awesome piece on her back.
I can't say I understand why there are such bad reviews of this place...but I also have to note that my experience was at 2 PM not 2 AM...Having spent all my pennies at the Eastern State Penitentiary Flea Market, I needed a quick bite that wasn't going to hurt my wallet...so my friend and I popped in...

Their menu is simple and classic...since it was warm outside, I opted for the salad with pecans, chicken and strawberries...my friend went for the crab cake sandwich (which would have been my choice if she hadn't gotten it)...

They serve you water in mason jars with straws...totally appropriate for the setting.....I will admit that their "Saloon-iness" is minimal, but thats ok...i don't need over the top cowboy cliches...just good food and good service...which they have in spades....

My salad was perfect...all the ingredients went well together and the dressing was light...a great salad for a warm day...

My friend's crab cake sandwich was yummy too...and she loved the cucumber salad that came with it...

Our server was super nice, funny and good with seeing to our table...

It seems like they have some decent drink specials too and some decent beer on tap...I am curious to see what the saloon is like at night, but I know now that I have a place to go for lunch...

Oh and the best part, our meal came to about $22...not bad at all...

Maybe you should saddle up too....
I attended the "bottomless" brunch here last weekend and I wasn't very impressed. I've attended A LOT of bottomless brunches and I've never been to a place where the time frame was only 11-1. And there's no budging on that, my friend tried to order another mimosa a few minutes after 1 and we were promptly informed the bottomless was over. I had the macaroni with chicken and it was just okay. My other companions ordered jerk chicken wings and a grilled cheese sandwich. Neither was impressed with their food. I will say the tater tots are amazing, crispy and golden.  The overall  atmosphere of this establishment is pretty chill. They had several TVs playing various sporting events. I may return for a drink and tater tots but never for brunch again.
Urban Saloon is never my go-to bar in the Fairmount area. I've been there on several occasions for drinks with large groups of people due to the size of the bar space and convenient location factor. 

The drink prices are reasonable, the variety of beer is okay and there's a ton of space compared to other bars in the neighborhood. Did I mention that already? 

Unless you are still in college or want to relive your college years, I'd avoid it for events like the Bunny Hop and Reindeer Romp. It gets overcrowded and the crowd is super young. It's great for happy hour or when you are with your own large group. 

It's been years since I eaten there, but the menu is pretty much bar food. 

There's nothing bad about Urban, just nothing great. Well other than the larger than average bar area for this neighborhood.
The only thing that saves this place from a one-star rating is the tater tots. That, and a $4.50 bloody mary on Sat. afternoon. 

I went in with the bf at about 3PM and it was mostly dead except for a few Auburn grads gathering for a football game. I hate watching sports on tv, though I can understand how those that like it would come here, as there are huge tvs, lots of them, and ample floor space. It feels hugely empty, though, when there isn't a big crowd gathered for the game. 

The music sucked. We waited FOREVER for our food (especially ridiculous considering there was no one in the place) and my meal sucked. I ordered the veggie burger, but they were "out" (a big no-no to use frozen patties - make your own!) so I had to order the hummos sandwich. I got it on bread which, though it looked toasted, just tasted old and stale and cardboard-y. The hummus was dry and there was only about a Tbs. on the whole sandwhich, and the entire thing lacked flavor. 
 The bf and I were trying to be good, so we ordered greens with our sandwiches, but we also asked to split a side of tots (who can resist tots?) They came on a HUGE plate, and a good 20 minutes before our food, so we were starving and ate almost all of them. They were tasty, but who can ruin tots? They are frozen, and then deep fat fried. 

I can't imagine how terrible this place must be on the weekends. The crowd sound Blech.
I am giving Urban Saloon a five-star review because it was a tasty, reasonable, welcoming experience after experiencing total disgust with the dweebs at The Belgian Cafe (see: my review of The Belgian Cafe). I think we should boost the rating for this place.

We showed up at early dinner time, so the dining room was empty when we first arrived. So I can't say what this place is like late on a Friday or Saturday night, but as a place to eat dinner, it was fine.

The fried mac & cheese was a DELICIOUS appetizer and my boyfriend enjoyed his burger and I enjoyed my vegetarian sandwich very much. It wasn't mind-blowing or unlike anything I have ever eaten before, but it was tasty and I have no complaints. And he was allowed to order a beer like an adult (whereas Belgian Cafe wouldn't let us even eat because I did not have my ID on me) and we were treated like paying customers.

We were allowed to choose our own seats since it was so early. Our server was cute and friendly and the service was fast but not rushed. All good things.

I don't know, maybe it only deserves 4 stars, but I'm giving it 5 for the Jackelope head mounted on the wall behind the bar.
Went back after loving it the first time and was so sadly disappointed!  I had boasted about their awesome food and service to my friends and was so unhappy when the Urban Saloon made me eat my words...

This time around, the food was ok...my sandwich was burned...how do you justify burned crab cakes...they are the very definition of golden brown cooked.  

I would have said something, but the fact of the matter is, the food took so long and our waitress even longer to come to our table, it just wasn't worth it.  I wanted to eat and leave, but we ate and waited (and waited and waited).  I would have understood had there been many tables in the place, but no...not really.  I am taking away two stars...1 for the burned food (even my roll was burned) and 1 for the slow service....

I am not saying never again, but going back may be hard for me....
Came in after the Bastille Day Festival hoping for good food and cold beers. The inside is big and the majority of tables were empty. The bar was packed since most people were just drinking and taking their drinks back to the festival. 

We found a spot in the bar and just as we were about to get comfy we look up and all we see on their tv screens is violence and the OJ trial??!! What a drag! We just came in pumped from the festival only to be greeted by that! No thanks we skipped on ordering food and grabbed our beers to go.

They get 3 stars because the staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean, and our beers were $4. Would I come back probably not. Life is crazy the last thing I want is when I go out to relax and unwind is to be reminded on how bad things are right now in our world.
This is the perfect place to hang out on a weekend afternoon to drink and grab a snack with your friends - if you're expecting more, this probably isn't the best choice. 

Pros: GREAT drink list, multiple options and different kinds of drinks and beers on tap to choose from. They also offer bottomless mimosas for an affordable price comparing it to other places I have been. Another pro are the tator tots. We got loaded and they were delicious! Everything I could have asked for, crispy and fresh. Lastly, our service was great!

Cons: The food was pretty average. We got the breakfast cheesesteak and an egg sandwich on a bagel. The food wasn't too special, especially for the cost. Also, it came with tator tots on the side but wasn't really advertised so we wouldn't have gotten an appetizer! 

All in all, I would definitely go back for a weekend day drink!
Wow, this place just kicks itself in the rear end at nearly every opportunity. Went here the other night with a large group of people (12) and all I can say is, what a mess.

First off the staff in both the dining area and kitchen are woefully inadequate. Our waitress was pleasant but the place is pretty big and there were only like 3 waitresses and a busboy working the entire place. At around 20 tables, that's just ridiculous. The kitchen must be understaffed as well. Why else would it take an hour and 15 minutes for 3 burgers, a hot roast beef sandwich and 3 orders of chicken fingers and an additional 20 minutes on top of that for 2 orders of mac and cheese served in a small soup cup with an accompanying cup of tomato soup!?! That is just outrageous.

After an hour and 15 minute wait for a burger you'd think "wow, this had better be an awesome burger" - especially since my burger was named the Gourmet burger. The burger and texas toast it came served on was pretty tasty but the toppings that came with it were very sub par. The tomato slices didn't look fresh at all and the lettuce wasn't the leaf, it was from the bottom stalk so it was thick and tasteless. A meager portion of fries came with the burger too and they were just so-so.

Another negative was the glasses of wine we got. At $8 a glass that was without a doubt the weakest pour I have ever been served in my life! There were two of us that got glasses of wine and neither of us could believe how little wine was in our glasses. The glasses weren't even 1/4 full. It was just a little more than comp samples I've been given at other restaurants.   

The menu is pretty limited (it's mostly standard bar food fare), the prices are high for the quantity and quality of the food, the service is pathetic and they seriously skimp on their wine pours. The only thing this place has going for it is that the room is a nice big open space, they have a very long bar and several TV's on the wall. Now I know why just a few steps down the sidewalk at Jack's Firehouse it was standing room only and people were literally spilling out the front door.
If i can rate by the day, I would rate mon-thursday nights as a 4-star and weekends as a 2-star.

Surprisingly, Urban has a nice beer selection and the large size (especially for the area) allows for large groups.  In addition, Quizzo is pretty fun here (well the one time I was there anyways) and its a pretty decent place to watch a game (many TVs and they have a large projector for local or big games).  Food is OK.  When I'm out for drinks (and not dinner) I can pretty much do with standard barfare.

On weekends this turns into the Public House.  Button downs with too many buttons unbuttoned and about a 3:1 guy/girl ratio.  The music seems to rotate between black eyed peas, katie perry and Usher, with the occasional Journey thrown in (so what if I've seen Journey in concert).  On these nights there tends to be a tightly packed horde of people about 7 deep between Me (Thinking why am I here again) and the beer (better get 2 for myself so I dont have to do this again).  These places have their uses, but I better be drunk before I go inside. 

So summary - do go on weekdays - don't go on weekends (unless your already drunk and can't afford the cab to rittenhouse or old city).
We came here for the bottomless mimosa brunch. We've been to a few bottomless places in Philly, and Urban definitely had the best mimosas. I'm not sure if it was the juice or champagne they use but it tasted heavenly, and by far my favorite. Our waitress was also quick on our feet with the refills. My only complaint is the bottomless is only from 11-1, which is not long enough!

The food was another story. I heard great things about the grilled cheese here, so that's what I ordered, and I was a little disappointed. The cheese combo was great, but the bread could've been better and it was way too overdone. The Caesar salad was run of the mill, except they put tomatoes in it, which was weird. Also the dry rub wings had just about no flavor. 

The tator tots are a completely different story though. BOMB. I could've just eaten these for my meal, they are perfectly crispy and so flavorful!

I think if the food was tweaked a bit this place could have a lot more potential.
A lovely happy hour brought me to this spot. Dollar of their drafts and half off on some of their apps.  I highly recommend getting their cauliflower appetizer.  I believe it's fried, but seasoned to taste like a delicious buffalo wing. It also comes with vegan ranch. I was skeptical, but thoroughly impressed. The environment is rustic with great charm and TVs around to watch a game. I'm docking a star because the chicken tenders weren't so hot. It appeared that they had the same type of breading as popcorn shrimp and even had a taste of shrimp.. I'm assuming they might use the same oil to fry. Womp womp.
It's a nice enough place.  I stopped in last night for a beer, and what I hoped would be some good food.  I liked the atmosphere, and the place is spacious.  

But... if you're just one person on your own on a Saturday night in early November around 8pm, you will be told that you can't be seated to get something to eat.  The reason they will give is that they need the tables for the big college football game (apparently the owner is a huge Alabama fan, and it was LSU-Bama night), and they will need the tables for anyone coming over from Eastern State Penitentary.  You will then be told that you have to fight it out for a spot at the bar which no one appears to be ready to leave.  

This will make me, a potential paying customer, go somewhere else and not spend money here, probably ever again.  I understand the need for tables, but they had at least 16 spots open with small tables put together at the time I asked.  You mean to tell me you couldn't have broken one of those tables off for a half hour to seat me?  

Sorry, guys.  That's lame.
If I could give it a 0/5, I would.  The only thing this place has going for it is its good location.  I've been here a few times now for brunch and dinner, and the service is horrendous.  They have about 25 tables, 2 waitresses, NO hostess, and 2 random bussers who get pissed if you ask them for condiments, etc.  I don't know if the manager is cheap and trying to save money by understaffing or WHAT, but the staff is slow and spread way too thin for this restaurant.  I was there for brunch this past Sunday, and we didnt even HAVE a waiter/waitress because we basically sat ourselves, told the bus boy our order, and went to the bar for the check!
Above average Philly bar. This will probably be the 1,000th post that says you should get tater tots. You should. They're very very good. Although, it's hard to screw up tater tots.

My big "Don't Knock It 'Til You Try It" from Urban is the Peanut Butter Burger. Maybe go by yourself one day, try it (enjoy it immensely), then bring some friends out and order it and tell them they're crazy when they say it's gross. That's what I do, at least.
DISCLAIMER: If you're headed there to kick back and drink some beers, maybe watch a game and nibble on some apps, you could probably do a lot worse (they've got some decent beers and at night the DJ is pretty good, the guy-girl ratio is another story though). If you're going to sit down and have a meal, consider yourself WARNED!

My lady friend and I ventured there for brunch on a Sunday and it wasn't particularly crowded, but for whatever reason we waited around 45 mins for our food and the waiter never once bothered to refill our drinks even though he walked by several times and saw our empty Bloody Mary glasses (the bloodys are actually good). Even a glass of water would've been ok at that point, but whatever. When the food eventually came, we ordered a 2nd round only to watch our beers sit on the end of the bar for about 15 mins (we tried to flag him several times and were ignored), so my normally-patient girlfriend just got up and grabbed them herself. 

Moving on to the food... not sure why it takes so long to make a couple sliders and a chicken sandwich, but I digress. The burgers were burnt to a black crisp and basically had no cheese or toppings or anything that warrants charging actual money for, the chicken sandwich took up only about half of the stale kaiser roll, and there was minimal whiz on the tater tots (normally an excellent combo) though he did charge us $3 extra for the 'loaded' option. Actually, we looked around and saw several annoyed faces from the clientelle (one lady was complaining how her burrito was grossly undercooked, and another couple ordered some small fruit slices for their toddler but were basically given large uncut portions of oranges and some other stuff). The main reason we went in the first place was because we were looking at their menu online and saw some enticing options, but apparently everything that piqued our interest was not on the actual menu, go figure. Oh and 3 or 4 flies were buzzing around and camping out on our food the whole time. 

Other than that it was awesome -- at $50 for a burnt burger, a chicken sandwich, and two rounds of self-serve drinks, I'd certainly dine there again, as soon as you remove the gun from my temple
Service is iffy--when they're on, they are so on. And when they're not... remember, patience is a virtue.

They have one of the better Bloody Marys in town. They actually held the top spot, IMO until they were unseated by the likes of North Third and Pub + Kitchen. But they do make a mean Mary--order one as soon as you're seated and then you won't be cranky if you have to wait a while for the rest of your meal.

I usually hit this place for brunch rather than dinner. It's a good go-to spot in the Fairmount area.
I think Urban's current three star overall rating is on point. I cannot think of anything that makes the place stand out, but I also can't think of any reasons to avoid it. This is one of those reviews that I've been sitting on for a long time despite multiple visits. I just... haven't had anything notable to say. Urban Saloon is a bar. They have seats. And a couch. It's on the darker side. Bathrooms are suitable. Ummmm.

....

Oh! Here's something!

It's pretty great to sit outside during the summer. See: Gia M's review from August. Yes, I've been sitting on this for some time. Since it's right across from Eastern State, the views can't be beat (well, unless you want to be looking at the ocean or a skyline or something), and the food is pretty good. I had pulled pork sliders back then with a Golden Monkey and enjoyed them.

I live nearby so I'll continue to visit Urban, but I'd be surprised if I one day come back here to write a raving review update.
I came here today with a large party. The friendly hostess made room for us immediately. The service was good. The beer offerings were craftsey-slash-hipstery, but not terrible. I'm biased though; I don't like the Williamsburg craft beer vibe at all.

The service was pretty good. The waiter was friendly and courteous. The food was pretty damned good and piping hot! I got the fries (appetizer) with the house made spicy aioli. That stuff is so good it should come with a warning. It's not super spicy, but it IS super-duper flavorful. My boyfriend got the chicken tenders, which came with house made sweet mustard. Freakin good. My brother-in-law had the loaded tater tots. They were covered in cheese whiz, which I usually hate. But those effers were ridic. My sisters got nachos, which were also great in spite of cheese sauce in lieu of melted, shredded cheese. My baby sis got the macaroni and cheese. It was simple, straightforward, and yet to so homey and delish.

Would I go back again? In a New York minute!! My only gripe is that it was drafty and chilly inside. The front door was wide open. But everything else was aces. And the draft was nothing a few beers couldn't cure anyway
So...I'm from Kansas...and I wanted to go home...and somehow I decided that a place called Urban Saloon would suffice as my ruby-red slipper transport back to Oz.

I was wrong...really wrong.

I mean, aside from not being full of bow-legged cowboys and there being no swinging wood door or peanuts on the floor, Urban Saloon's beer selection was mediocre at best. (I settled for a Guinness...when I was craving a Sarsaparilla.) 

Us cowgirls like some water with our beer, 'specially if we're trying to impress the handsome chap sitting across from us. That never happened - the water, not the impressing. (City boys are easy to bat your eyelashes at...).

...I mean, if you want to get drunk in Fairmount, and you want that old west experience, your best bet would be to go to the beer distributer, buy a case of Natty Ice, find a hay bale, sit on it, and drink away your sorrows while listening to Alan Jackson. 

...But if you want to get drunk in a big open room with other people and a typical beer selection, Urban Saloon is your best bet.

(I'll probably go back because Bloody Mary's at 11:00 a.m. seem like a good idea. Always.)
I am disgusted. After walking into the bar and being carded with my sister and our friend Ari, ari was racially profiled because she's African American. She was asked for two forms of ID one which is a PA id, they then asked for a second form which was presented and even after that she had to sign a declaration of age form with a witness... Don't go here. As we left not willing to buy a beer for such horrible service the bartender mouthed "fuck them" ...talk about professional...
Right across the street from the entrance for ESP - Urban has a fairly unique menu, fair beer list and interesting atmosphere.  I consider it more restaurant than bar - although it certainly has both.  I had a bacon peanut burger - which the menu said I shouldn't knock before I tried.  Can't say I loved it - but I think if the peanut butter had been saltier it would have worked.
This is a cool pub/bar. Wouldn't necessarily recommend for their food, but it is a great spot to grab some drinks and watch the game. Huge beer selection.

They have bar food that meets expectations - hearty sandwiches, and I would say they have one of the better buffalo cauliflower dishes I have had. 

If your local to Fairmount, worth popping in, but I wouldn't see this out if I lived anywhere else in the city.
The food here is awesome. The beer is cheap and the service friendly and attentive. My only gripe was that my waitress kept my $40 on a $20 tab until I reminded her that she did not give me change. I still left her a nice tip because of my overall experience. The place is only about a month and a half old. The bouncer even welcomed me! Very nice surprise and a great alternative to the overpriced Jack's Firehouse down the street. Try the buffalo blue burger-it's amazing.
Stopped here because it's in the neighborhood, and I was aware of their reviews here.  Still, we tried to give them a chance.....

Where to start?  First, the location and the actual physical restaurant has good potential. Very roomy with lots of TVs and what could be a good vibe.  Unfortunately, it seems like that's all they have going for them.

The food menu is bleh.  Some frozen and defrosted appetizers, salads, and sandwiches I think is the extent of their cooking skills.  

We started with drinks.. the waitress only got 1 of the 2 drinks right.

We got the tater-tot appetizer.  I asked for no bacon and what we got back was no anything, just plain tater-tots.  Then the waitress had the audacity to charge us extra for bringing 'extra' jalapenos and cheese although it wasn't extra.. it was missing from our original order!

I got the grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup.  Nothing to special here... the soup came in like a 3oz ramekin, though.
That was annoying.

The BF ordered the crab cakes and instead got the veggie sandwich.. Now, to be fair at first I was toying with the veggie sandwich but I changed my mind for the grilled cheese.  But given our waitress's record so far, I guess she just doesn't listen well.

We won't be back and I do think this place is going to be closed soon.  There was a party with a group of about ten, but if they weren't here, we would have been the only diners there at that point.  There were maybe 4 people sitting at the bar.
Urban Saloon is aight. It's a nice, big open space, the drinks are good, the happy hour specials have you covered, and the food is good enough in a pinch.

Food-wise, my favorites here by far are the wings. They're moist, meaty, and the flavors really pop. I believe they tend to have wings & pitcher specials on certain nights, but I'm not certain about that - best to ask. In any case, if you go here, and you're hungry, get the wings. I promise they'll have a flavor you love.

One thing that confuses me is how they serve their burgers on Texas toast, only it's toasted and buttered enough that eating it is a crumby-messy affair. Like, messier-than-the-wings-I-just-gorged messy. I get that it's a different spin on an American classic, but I feel like it just makes it a little harder to eat my burger when the bread is flaking apart.

Their draft selection is good, and they pour whiskey on the cheap. Weekends are marginally more crowded than weeknights, but never oppressively so. It's a nice place to bring friends to hang out, catch up, and maybe grab a bite before heading elsewhere.
I go to the Urban for one reason and one reason alone.  Wednesday night QUIZZO!  I hate, and I do mean HATE Quizzo.  Except here.

The guy that does it makes it real unique with reverse sound clips and pictures and all sorts of jazz.  I'll be honest, it's tough.  And I suck and never win anything.  But it is FUN.

2 thumbs up for the cat that runs it, keep on rockin'.  I only gave 4 stars cuz I got some snacks once which were...eh.
There seems to be a love-hate relationship with Urban Saloon on Yelp.  I fall right in the middle.  I appreciate a 5:30-7:30 happy hour, so we can walk to dinner afterwards without getting hammered for full-priced drinks in Fairmount.  

That being said, I wouldn't stay here for dinner.  I'm not a fan of the sloppy burgers on texas toast, the tots are ok, and the wing sampler is doable if you're hungry and don't want to go anywhere else.  

The drinks are why we come here.  The atmosphere is lively, relaxed and there's lots of space.  Tap list is always good, and it's about a dollar cheaper a drink than the other bars in the area.
I was here on a saturday night from like 11-12. The bar itself is actually awesome. It gives me the frankford hall vibe, yet inside. It was pretty poppin while we were here. The crowd seems young, typical post grad frat dudes (not complaining). I only ordered a mixed drink and barely looked at their beer list. Standard city prices. The guy girl ratio was like 8:1 soooo ladies check it out.
We ate at the Urban Saloon on 12/30/18 and I became violently ill within an hour of eating.  I had a mediterranean salad with salmon. I have never been so sick in my life.  After three weeks of feeling terrible, multiple doctors visits, ER trips, and loads of testing. I was diagnosed as having Giardia parasite as a result of food poisoning. I reached out to the restaurant and initially received no response.  I called and asked to speak with the manager and then received an email offering to send me a gift card to come back and let them make it right.  At a later point when I was diagnosed with a parasite- I reached out again and explained how severe it was and received no response! Do not eat here!  Spare yourself the risk of getting sick- I wouldn't wish how I felt on my worst enemy!  The lack of response from their management team just added insult to injury.  Beyond poor customer service combined with dangerous food!
Bar Review: Like a lot of the bars in Fairmount, Urban Saloon is an always reliable option that gets a good night time crowd but is never overly crowded. The large spacious interior and large flat screen TVs makes it an ideal spot to catch the game with a large(r) group of friends or as a stop for a drink/bite on the way o other bars in the area.  I find the beer list robust and very reasonably priced, with draft standards like Blue Moon and Yuengling but also entries like Founders Breakfast Stout, Yards, and Molson Canadian Lager, all between $4.50-$8.00. I'll definitely be back.
Tasty wings and good beers on tap.
We stopped in after the Eastern State Penitentiary tour. Jack's Firehouse would not let us sit at a table for drinks only so, we went next door to Urban Saloon. Full disclosure, we only had beverages. Our niece & nephew had cocktails (which they said were really good) and my husband and I had diet soda. The menu looked interesting. The décor is minimalist which I liked. Service was excellent. They were totally fine with us just having drinks. Noise level was low/average. Large screen TV's with multiple sporting events, especially college football. Nice atmosphere. We'll go back again and eat when we go to Terror Behind the Walls.
Please stop bitching.

I get it, you don't like college bars, yuppie bars, and sports bars... so, the quest has to be raised: why are you here?

Ok, if you by chance care to watch the game and drink some beer, the you're all set.

The burger was disgusting.. the cheese fries were fries with melted jack  cheese (its phila, can i get some wiz?).

...So what i'm really saying is: go here to watch the game and drink. huh, i feel like i've said that before.

Big plus: they mute the TV and play  music during commercials.
I WISH I COULD GIVE IT NO STARS AT ALL.


by far one of the most awful restaurants i have ever been to in my ENTIRE LIFE.  DO NOT GO THERE.  this is in my neighborhood and every time i pass by, i wish i could attach a big "do not enter" sign to this place.

i gave this place THREE chances. THREE... first one, was for a drink and a light dinner.  the soda was FLAT. (all three times)  and i had the lasagna which tasted like something was regurgitated (no exaggeration). i could have saved so much time and money just by buying a stouffer's, at least theirs taste good.  and bad service throughout the meal.
second time, just for a drink.  like other people have said, bad crowd.  like you're in some suburban college. ugh. yuck. FLAT SODA AGAIN.  had the shumai at the bar... MADE ME SICK later that night. 

third and last time, took some friends.. service was so awful, this place makes me want to go crazy on someone. this place should be shut down, the service is SO BAD.  we were waiting for 45 MINUTES FOR OUR FOOD.... AND PEOPLE WHO WERE SEATED AFTER US GOT THEIR FOOD BEFORE US.   i cannot believe this place is still standing. 

oh and the french fries? fried in oil that was older than the jail. yea. that bad.


do yourself a favour and stay FAR away from this dreadful place. makes me cringe with anger on all the money i spent in this place trying to give it a  chance.  urban saloon, stop ruining fairmount.
during an adventure with a couple girlfriends, we somehow ended up out of my ritt square comfort zone and up at urban in search of a long-lost cousin who was apparently supposed to be working at a bar somewhere in philly. vague? yup. 

anyway, this was the last stop of the evening, even though we got there around 830pm. (yeah. we start early. what of it?) the place was nice and spacious and nicely lit so as to hide any dark circles starting to form under my eyes. as the place got a little more crowded, the noise level rose since there are concrete floors and high ceilings. ambiance blah blah blah. 

we got mac-n-cheese, loaded tots, and edamame. i didn't try the tots but they looked pretty standard, covered with cheese, bacon, chives, and jalapenos. meh. the mac and cheese was great. i double-ordered it, not expecting a large portion, and of course couldn't finish my FIRST helping, so i ended up taking about 2 pounds of the stuff home with me. not complaining. it was really tasty. (but skip that weird tomato puree they serve on the side.)
does anyone else think that if there is ever a shootout in this restaurant the headlines will be amazing??

(i've never been there, nothing about it looks even remotely appealing)
Just swung into Urban Saloon for brunch and decided four stars wasn't enough fro this place... if for no other reason than that they may have the best Bloody Mary in the city.  

I had the egg quesadilla with a side of hashbrowns - delish.  "T" had the egg white omelet with brie and asparagus - also very good.  The hashbrown portion is a little on the small side for a potato-lovin Irishman like myself - so if you're the same order two.  Oh - good coffee, too.

Wait staff - like last time was terrific... and the outdoor seating was cozy with solid tables that didn't wobble, shades over the tables and great people watching with all the tourists headed to Eastern State Penn.

If you havn't gone, go!
What is going on with this place?  Every time I've come here in the past several months it has taken AT LEAST an hour to get my food.  It wasn't even that busy, not counting that Sunday I went during a football game.  Although, a complaint during that Sunday was warranted since it took closer to 2 hours to get food... to which our waitress actually responded "well you shouldn't come during a game".  I can't believe she actually said that. Is this really how you want to run your business?  The quality of the food has even gone down quite a bit.  This is definitely not worth my original rating - they apparently have some issues to work out.
Ok, so the few times I've been here, the food has been OK. It's the service that is terrible. 

I go in on Sunday a few weeks back, and I'm told there's no brunch that day, just lunch/dinner. I go in this past Saturday for brunch, and I'm told that it's only on Sunday. There's no one in the place, save the wait staff. Seriously, how hard is it to cook some eggs? 

At any rate, I occasionally like to order out and eat at home. The three times I have ordered food from Urban Saloon, I have been told 20 minutes. Two of those times, my food wasn't even being cooked when I showed up. The servers could have cared less. 

I guess what I'm trying to say is that this place doesn't offer anything other places in Fairmount don't offer. I see no reason to keep going back here for spotty service. The beer menu can be found at any other place. Honestly, I prefer the food and service at Bridgid's.
Ascetically, this spot is a great addition to Fairmount Ave; its large, beautiful, and has great TV setup (big, flat screen TVs). And they love them some Hoegaarden at this spot (as do I ... yummmm, Belgium White). 

Which means, for a group or a good amount of breathing space most nights, I'm happy to have the Urban Saloon here.

But the food is just not good. And that's really a shame, because I want this place to be good. Its bland, and seemed reheated. The service is so slow, that the food would have to be very much delicious to compensate.  O well. I'll go there for my drinks and leave the food for somewhere else.
A stop on the Legendary Haunt tour after we visited Eastern State Penn.  

Nice and warm with a very friendly vibe. The Cash Bar was utilized by many. 

The bathrooms were neat and tidy and the front room was packed by locals. We were in the back room as clips from Terror behind the Walls played in a loop on a wall.
This place is a good spot to watch a game and grab drinks. I did not enjoy their food. The burgers was overcooked when we had them. I had chicken noodle soup and it was the worst. I think the chef meant to add salt but added too much sugar. I would only go there for drinks and that is it.
This is the kind of place that has the potential to be good, and yet doesn't deliver. It's got a nice big open space, plenty of TV's and some decent beers.

However, the service is slow. I went on a Sunday afternoon after the brunch crowd, when there wasn't more than 2 other tables. I nearly had to take my water glass back to the kitchen in order to get a refill. The burger I got was ok, but it wasn't great. I"ve had better at Rembrandt's. It also took forever to get the check.

I've been here just to drink and its a nightmare, utter nightmare. Too many people, too many idiots. It took forever to get one beer at the bar, even after I practically waved a 10 spot in the air.

Also the drunks that come out from this bar are almost always obnoxious and loud which always annoyed me when I lived in the neighborhood. If this isn't your neighborhood, you should be more respectful. Then again, class will out.

 I've also had to dodge around puke spots near the Saloon. Oh yeah, and some cool guy that goes there likes to park his motorcycle on the sidewalk out front. 

Unless you want to relieve the joys of frat bars in college, avoid this place.
Maybe I'm just unsophisticated, but I tend to judge place on the food and service and less the look. If it's clean it's fine by me. And Urban Spoon is clean.

I needed to burn some time on a Friday night as I was waiting and I found a seat at the bar. I ordered a burger that had buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it, on texas toast (I think). A burger is a burger is a burger, but this might have been the best one I've had since I moved to Philadelphia. And they had tater tots!

The service was fast, the food was great, and the place was clean. If I'm ever on Fairmount again and need something to eat I'll never hesitate to stop in.
Urban Saloon, you did a fantabulous job of smashing my hopes and wrecking my desire to come here again, even when a friend begs me to. I do suppose I had high hopes being that it is so close to home.

This place would be a straight-up-ballin apartment but the layout makes for an awkward bar/restaurant atmosphere. And if you want to play Quizzo, you better get there damn early.

I've never eaten here so I will focus on my several bar experiences. Weekends lure in a collegesque, fratty type of crowd. And what seems to be a ho train. That last part is based on my observation of females' outfits that leave absolutely nothing to the imagination. If that is your thing, you will LOVE this place. Wear your best bra and hell, don't even put a shirt over it. An open vest will do, I've seen it here.

I was here for happy hour twice. Once there was one person working, and the service was slow. Another time there were two people tending, and it was still pretty slow. The happy hour doesn't include any deals on liquor, just $5 wine and cheap domestics. Meh.

EDIT: They don't have Allagash White. And so, for the first time ever I will use this acronym: smh.
Great selection of beers, ciders and cocktails to drink. Our bartender was funny and attentive. I'd have to say that the food was average.

I got the brunch egg cheesesteak and the meat was cooked kind of dry and didn't have much taste to it. 

I also got the loaded tator tots which were delicious. The cheese sauce was creamy and warm and the bacon and scallions topped it. They were crispy and not too greasy. My meal came with tator tots as well so I wish that was advertised a little better.

I'll be back to day drink.
Wanted to grab a drink with some girlfriends... The bartender checked all of our ids and denied my friend (who is perceivable African American). My friend was asked for a second form of id, and subsequently made to fill out an affidavit with a witness stating she was actually 23. The bartender rolled her eyes at me when I asked why my friend was triple checked and refused an explanation. This was all done with a rude tone, rather than a hospitable one. Will never return because of how awful and discriminated my friend was made to feel.
Looking for a something different I stumbled upon "Buy Buy Liver" performance happening in Philly in the Urban Saloon. It was an interactive comedy sketch and so fun! Very glad we trekked down to Philly for the weekend for this. Tickets were only $15 and to support theatre whilst drinking? Yes I'm down for the cause! It def has the saloon feel with a super large bar/dining area divided right in the middle. Drinks were strong and well-priced and bartenders attentive. We made our way to the back room for the show and it was fantastic. It was funny, the performers were phenomenal, the material was great, and the host/performer was super witty. Im surprised it wasn't a packed house cuz it def should have been. Although my one qualm was the waitresses werent more attentive w/ drink orders and we had to step out twice mid show for drinks. Not the theatre groups fault though. I wish I could find a show like that in the city. Im not certain what other events they host in the urban saloon but its def a bar I'd consider returning to. Being directly across the Penitentiary is also convenient to stop in after a tour. 3 stars as an average bar but had to bump up to 4 stars cuz Buy Buy Liver was awesome sauce!
- TIP:  Very solid quizzo on Wednesday nights if you can stay up late.

- CON:  Almost all of the food.

- BOTTOM LINE:  Large space is good for a big group before/after one of your neighborhood league games, or to catch a game on TV to hang out and grab some drinks.  But I'd never go solely for the food, even though I do really like the owners there.
Went for taco night and quizzo all in one week... the tacos were dry and the flavor wasn't that great.  Overpriced for a weekly special.   The quizzo the following wed. was really bad... the dude reading the questions was boring and the questions were basically at a 3rd grade level.  Oh yea, and even though the place wasn't busy, the service was bad.  Sat with an empty beer for at least 15 minutes... that's probably the worst of it all!
I've eaten at urban saloon and always had a pretty nice night out.. food is good not great, service is the same. I don't ever write reviews but after a horrifying experience, here I am. My sister in law was 40 weeks pregnant, literally on her due date when we came to dinner here. We ordered the special for dessert- an apple crisp. After about 5 bites we noticed that the crisp had almonds in the crust, despite the description.... she has a severe nut allergy. When we asked the waitress if there were nuts, she was unsure and did not seem to be in any rush to find out. She confirmed there were nuts in the crust but then disappeared... she had absolutely no urgency in getting us the check and we had to hunt her down for it. Considering nut allergies are well known to be serious, I could not BELIEVE how much she didn't seem to care. The cherry on top, they didn't even take the crisp off the bill. We obviously just paid and rushed out but later we're just in shock in how little this establishment cared. Will definitely be thinking twice before I come here again!
Made it to Urban for their Halloween lupus fundraiser.  Got there around 9:30 and it wasn't too crowded.  We didn't have to wait very long for a drink.  I liked the open space and exposed brick.  It started to fill up, but I never felt like it got too crowded.  The snow might have scared some people away.  I never made it to the back room.  The line for the women's bathroom gets crazy.  For such a large space, I think it should be bigger.  It was pretty clean though which was surprising.  I didn't pay too much attention to the draft list because I had been drinking before I got here, but this seems like a chill spot and I would go back to watch a game.
This place will be out of business by the end of next year.  Clearly the owners know nothing about the bar business - other then the obvious of needing alcohol and glassware.  Horrible.
Great local bar with most of the sports games on tons of TV's, great food and well priced drinks. The wings are great, as are the loaded tots!
Terrible, terrible place!!! The staff was very rude, it amazes me people in customer service could actually be so hostile to their own customers. I went during an open bar and the bartender was actually requesting tips after every drink and even asked for a drink back when she wasn't happy with the tip amount. Then at the end of the night I watched them laugh at some girl who appeared to have lost her coat check ticket (and was crying!), telling her she was basically out of luck and wouldn't be able to get her jacket back. Outrageous behavior.
Been here a few times with the boyfriend and friends for drinks.

The way I see it, there are two different Urban Saloons, at least on a Friday night. Before 10pm, the music is fun, there's a seat at the bar, you can enjoy your beer. After 10, the music becomes stupid and the overdressed frats boys move in.

The draft menu is small but always has exactly the kind of beer I'm looking for...for $5 or less. 

Get there early and grab a seat at the bar, or the one random couch.

Good for large groups because there are lots of tables and a lot of bar room.

Food is okay, very much so bar food but done better than expected.
I'm extremely sad to write this review as their food is decent and fairly priced.  Last Sunday my boyfriend and I went their for brunch.  After ordering, we sat for 30 minutes being completely neglected by the waitress and not served.  After 45 minutes she came over and asked if we had ordered food because there was no food ticket in the kitchen for us.  We RE-ordered and then 15 minutes after we were served and it was yummy.  

We tried to redeem this restaurant by going again today as we didn't want to wait for a brunch table anywhere.  From the time we ordered to the time we were served it was over an hour.  COMPLETELY ridiculous!  I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
I've had limited experience drinking and eating in this part of town but Urban was decent. I wouldn't cab across town to come here on a Saturday night, but if I did find myself in Fairmount, looking for somewhere to go after dark to satisfy my thirst, I'd probably choose here. It's deceivingly open inside and has this barnyard sort of thing going on with the motif. Food is okay despite the carefully arranged presentation, which makes you think, "Wow, this is going to be great bar food." Fried mac and cheese were tasteless squares of grease that had a tomato-soup like dip; the fries pillowing a so-so order of chicken fingers were so salty I wanted to choke. Like I said, I'd come here but on a drinks-only basis. For chow, I'd head to Jack's or London Grill.
This was one of my worst dining experiences in Philly! The place was nearly empty, except for a few basketball fans at the bar, yet service was painfully slow. It took 20 minutes to get our drinks. There was one other table already there when we sat down--they were already finished and nearly out the door, making our table (of 2 people) the only other table in the entire restaurant. This is why I don't understand the slow service. In fact, it took over an hour before the staff cleared that table (in fact, it was still not reset by the time we left)! The food was nothing to write home about. I had read that they are known for their tater tots, but honestly, my elementary school cafeteria made them better. These were deep fried so they lacked flavor and texture. Wings were the highlight of the meal, but it was only the appetizer. I generally expect the main course to be the highlight (or at least the dessert!). At the end of our meal, we both declined water and beer refills several times, and after another 20 minutes I just said "so how long do we have to wait for our check" and wow, got the check! Be careful...sound carries well in this place ;-)
After taking some friends to Eastern State Pen for the day tour on a later Saturday afternoon, we were all pretty hungry and noticed Urban Saloon right across the street.

From the outside you really couldn't tell what kind of place it was - could've been just a dirty old hole in the wall bar, but upon further inspection it revealed otherwise.  We checked out the menu posted outside and it looked fairly decent with avg prices - plus the menu had tater tots and mac and cheese!

Parking was surprisingly easy for a saturday evening - earlier in the day we landed free rock star street-parking right outside ESP, then after swung around to an open spot on the other side of the street. (2 & 3-hr parking respectively).

Inside the Urban Saloon, the space was huge.  The easily could have packed in more tables, but having some open space was nice.  The bare was fairly large too.  Seems like it would be a good place to watch a game, as they also had a number of flat-screens.

Now onto the food:

The menu was simple, with some great classics and fun apps, but done very well.  Nothing of cheap quality.

I got a mac and cheese appetizer.  Some of the best mac and cheese I've had.  Very gooey and they pile it up, and include a small side of their homemade tomato soup for dipping.  For the main course, I got a bacon cheddar burger.  The burger was served on Texas Toast which was a nice touch.  The bacon was crumbled and cheese melted over top which made it "easy" to eat.  I like my burgers well done, and usually when i say well done I get something with pink inside - however Urban Saloon nailed it.  Plus for them.  And of course, I opted for the tater tots side.  Crispy and delicious.  

The 3 others in my party were also happy with their food choices - Chicken Salad pita, Grilled Cheese, and Steak and Fries.

I'm surprised to see only 2.5 stars here on Yelp.  WTF people?

Looking forward to going back - only wish it was closer to where I live in Old City!
Nothing wowed me.  They had a good beer selection, but the beer list was horribly out of date so the waitress had to keep saying, "Sorry I don't think we have that one anymore."  The food was OK.  The bar is nice.  I guess I'd give it another shot.
Not really worth it for the food.  I came for brunch this past weekend.  I had the breakfast burger and the spicy vegetable soup.  

The vegetable soup was not spicy, and had too much tomato for my taste.  

The burger was extremely under seasoned.   I hate when a burger just tastes like you have a mouth full of ground beef.  I was glad that the breakfast burger was served with a brioche bun rather than on the texas toast that the rest of the burgers are served on.  

 I did try the tater tots that everyone is raving about.  While I like that they serve tater tots (because the average tater tot is better than the average french fry), the tots weren't anything special.  I even tried the loaded tater tots.  There was some cheese wiz, bacon and chives on there.  Nothing special.  

They did make a pretty good bloody mary.  I would drink that again.  However, I don't really see myself seeking this place out again.
I wanted to give this place roughly 3-4 stars as I walked in, probably because it's on Fairmount Avenue and when things are located on Fairmount, I set the bar high.  This place barely comes up under that bar.

First time I went here was during the Bunny Hop for drinks, so I can't say much for that since it was Blue Moon specials, but I'm sure this isn't a bad place to grab a couple brewskies with the bros.  Especially now in the warmer months since there's outdoor seating.

But dining here wasn't pleasant.  For one, the hostess and server were both apathetic and never smiled and the server just sort of gaped at us until we spoke rather than greeting us.  Maybe because it was a Sunday night and not many people go to a bar for dinner on Sundays, I don't know.

We shared the cheesesteak dip for an appetizer and while the dip was plentiful, it was far too salty and honestly tasted more like Velveeta with chunks of mystery meat.  Plus, not enough bread for dipping so we were left with 3/4 of a bowl of dip and nothing to dip in it.

Boyfriend got an open-faced roast beef sandwich and said it was actually very tasty, so that's good.  I ordered the Saloon Burger cause why not order the signature burger on Texas Toast with the restaurant partially in the name, right?  Wrong.  The burger was overcooked.  The bacon wasn't crispy.  The barbecue sauce was too sweet and was a mess.  And worst of all, that god-awful buttery Texas Toast didn't even hold up its end of the bargain so it ended up serving as a wilted, half-chewed decoration on my plate.  Not appetizing.

Tater tots are nice (And you do get a lot) but they could have honestly been the frozen kind and I wouldn't have known the difference.
Great little bar! They have good food, good drinks and TOTS, yes TOTS!! (they deserve CAPS) Any place that serves them are an A+ in my book. Check it out, I think you would like it. Did I mention they have TOTS!?!
They get 5 Stars for some of the area's friendliest Bartenders.

1 Star for the chicken fingers.  If you're gonna make them yourself, then make them great.  There's no excuse for their blandness or over cooking.

3 Stars for the Burgers.  Just a Marginal passing Grade

4 Stars for wings.  They are good; what can I say.
5 stars. The bartenders are always so cheerful and beautiful! The drafts rotate and are thirst quenching. And how can you not love a place that serves tots?? Also JFTR, I've never been interrupted while taking bathroom selfies
**DRINK ONLY REVIEW**

I stopped in to kill some time before heading across the street to Terror Behind the Walls (Which was great!!). It was super busy but the bartender did a great job of keeping up. I ordered a Apple Martini that was perfectly made and she hooked us up with a drink that had Lemonade, Ice T and Vodka and boy oh boy talk about yummy and strong!! It was just what I needed to shake the nervous nelly feeling I had about being scared half to death in the jail LOL 

Definitely worth stopping here for drinks!
We really like this place. We have previously only been there for beers until this weekend. Overall the vibe is pretty laid back, nice atmosphere in a big open room. Lots of tvs for sporting events. The food was good, I ordered the urban beene burger - peanut butter bacon. It was delicious and cooked perfectly medium rare. Girlfriend got the breakfast burger and it was great. Fries are ok. Buffalo chicken dip is also very good. Eat it!
The food just wasn't good and made us all feel sick. I had the steak n' egg breakfast tacos (from the specials menu) and the quality of meat used for them was worse than you'd fine in a sloppy cheesesteak. I had to nonchalantly spit multiple unchewable chunks of steak into my napkin. Two others ordered the Cilantro Chicken Burger and thought it was pretty bad. All three of us felt sick after the meal as well. 

For such a hip place, you'd think they would have specific gluten free option or gluten free bread at least. They did not. I am giving 2 stars because the place was well lit.
I do not really like Urban Saloon but the place has a lot of potential. 

My two biggest problems is the food and the music. The menu is far from interesting and the execution of the food is disgusting. The music is repetitive and bland; their DJ will play New Kids on the Block, Hanson, etc... every single weekend night he is working there.

So why do I still show up here? 

Great place for sports. If it is a big game, every tv will be set to that game including a large projector screen. During big games everyone is watching, they are all there for the same reason.

Good place for large groups. Urban is a large place and can handle large groups of people.

Awesome place for quizzo on Wednesday nights. Every quizzo question is displayed on one of Urban's large screen tvs. The quiz questions are fun, a lot of questions involve looking a picture or listening to a sound clip. The questions also have a nice range, no specific age group has an advantage.
I attended the urban saloon's nye party and it was really great....

I always have such expectations for nye and i almost always end up disappointed but this was not the case this year. Not only was it fun it was cheap..only $70 for food & 5 hr top shelf open bar. I went here with a group of about 15 and we arrived shortly after 9pm. The place wasn't overly crowded...just crowded enough. Rarely had to wait for drinks, music was good and I actually got a glass of champagne at midnight which seems to always be advertised for NYE and then you never see it. My friends and I had a blast and definitely will consider this again for next year!
Went here for a intimate stand up comedy act which i must say was pretty darn hilarious!  I laughed so much that i feel like i could possibly have the strongest abs ever.

As for food, I haven't eaten much here at urban saloon but i like their tater tots and that is good enough for me!
Meh, I can take or leave this place. I like coming here when I visit Eastern State Penitentiary, because it's directly across the street. 

The time before last time I went, we met up with a whole bunch of our friends and family after visiting ESP. It was crowded, of course, being a Friday night. At first we attempted to just stand around a table talking to some of the people in our group that were there. Quickly, we were told that that was not allowed and we'd have to wait for a table ourselves if we wanted one. Great. I totally get it, it's busy, servers need to move around, fine. But this hostess was frazzled and not kind. So we continued to stand at the table and talk to our group UNTIL a table was read. The hostess came over again and super rudely and half-shouty told us to stand by the door until the table was ready. 

The food is just okay. Their tots are overly salty.

The last time I went was again after ESP, but in the early afternoon. I was with my wife and our two friends and we had brunch. It was fine, nothing spectacular. There was a table behind next to us that was super obnoxious--super loud and wayyyyyy drunk. Straight up laughing hysterically and hitting the table. Would have appreciated someone telling them to turn it down a bit. Our server was nice enough, but brought me a beer when I didn't ask for one (and didn't want to pay for one), but I didn't want to say anything so I took it as if I had ordered it. 

Okay place if you're just looking for a quick bite or drink. OR if you're coming from ESP across the street. :)
Went for their Halloween party.  Nice place - however, the bartenders were EXTREMELY rude.  They would not wait on me nor my husband.  We would stand at the bar and wait - and wait - and wait - yet they kept skipping over us.  We were not obnoxious or rude.  We were polite and patient.  One girl next to me actually said to the bartender after she skipped me to go to her, "no, you have to wait on them first - they were here before me".  I will never set foot into this place again.
The food here is pretty decent. 
Wings are sort of tiny, but they have four different flavors, so that's fun.
Veggie burger isn't as bland and mushy as others I've had! Definitely holds its own again the big bad beef burgers (also tasty). 
Stuffed pepper is just okay. Too much rice.

Wait staff usually seems to be zipping around but don't seem to be flustered when at tables.

My only HUGE gripe is the blond bartender, Melanie. I don't know if she hates girls or what, but she totally ignored me for 5 minutes while I was waiting to be served... as in, looked me in the eye and then skipped over me. Won't be going to the bar when she's working.

Overall, good for a quick, cheap bite to eat!
Staff was super friendly and helpful.  Food and drinks were good.  Bathroom was nice and clean.  Decor was modern and urban... like the name. ;-)
We stopped in for drinks, the server was very nice and just the right amount of attentive. The atmosphere was nice (we were there about 8:30 on a Saturday night). They have beer flights for only one dollar more than the average draft price.

I would have given Urban 4 stars but........

The hostess was completely rude. There were no seats at the bar, and upon seeing many open tables we asked if we could have a table for drinks. She said she didn't know because "there might be a party coming in". I suggested she seat the people behind us and ask the manager if it was ok to seat us. she responded with "how long are you staying/" 

I thought about bringing it up to the server or manager, and ultimately figured whatever, i'll just yelp about it.
Last Sunday evening, the weather was perfect in Philly so my bf and I decided to try out Urban Saloon. It was a cute place, a little dark inside for me but cute. We opted to sit outside to enjoy the weather and the people. 

We ordered calamari as a starter which we thought was great. That quickly disappeared from the plate. For the entree I got the crab cake with a cucumber salad, which was delicious and my bf got a burger which was ok. I tried a bite, and I have to say I have had better but it was still OK. 

The service was good, the only thing was that it took a while for the waiter to pick up the bill but he eventually got there. Definitely a cute place to sit outside, enjoy the weather and the neighbor.
This is one of the nicer bars in the Fairmount area, despite it's name. It is usually pretty bump'n on a Friday and Saturday night, which always makes for a good time, the beer selection is ok.  They do a really nice job in their though with the lighting and the atmosphere...pretty cool.
Urban Saloon wouldn't continue to exist if it wasn't where it is. The food is sub par, the atmosphere is uninspired. The place survives because of its functionality, the place is large, and has cheap drinks.
super loud bar area, not conducive to hearing anyone, and definitely steer clear if you've got a headache.

on the handful of times i have dined here, i've had some menu items executed well, and others not so much. burnt tater tots? ugh. overcooked steak on an already overpriced dish? double ugh. bangin mac n cheese w tomato soup? ok i can forgive you.
The tator tots are pretty.. pretty.. pretty good.  

Great for groups, kids and everyone that got turned down by the pretentious snobs at Fare down the street.
The food is decent, and the price is good-but they rip you off wherever they can.  I came with two other people and we ordered the tater tots to start, and asked for one side of barbecue and one of honey mustard-no biggie, right?? WRONG-unlike every other restaurant I can remember, they actually charge you for it.  Fifty cents for each isn't that much, but it's more the principle of it-it's ridiculous!  I mean really-you can buy a vat of barbecue sauce for like $2.
The guys I was with liked the beer selection, and the prices were reasonable, but the cocktails and wine by the glass are much more expensive.  I ordered the cosmo, and it was really watered down and tiny.  
The service wasn't great, but wasn't horrible.
This is a review for drinks only. 

The place was pretty dark and really big. The bartenders were incredibly friendly. I love the way their beer list is set up. I never know what kind of beer I'd like to try based on the name alone. The bartender explained which ones I might like based on the ones I'd already ordered. When we were there they closed the kitchen at 8. I thought that was pretty odd and early. Hopefully we can have dinner next time.
What I can remember through a haze of debauchery is that this place was decent. A big open space, good loaded tater tots and edamame. Service was very good. Looks like its a young twenties kind of hangout a little bit to much of a meat market for me but all in all an OK experience.
