Before I was ready to write a review, I needed a refresher on the geography and history of Uzbekistan, the Central Asian nation surrounded by other "stans;" its cities of Tashkent, Samarkand and Bukara, some of the Pearls along the Silk Road from Istanbul to Xian, China, made famous by the epic journeys of Marco Polo.  I had visited Tashkent on business some years ago, and remembered it as very old and mysterious; full of mosques and museums - and especially, gem markets where trade in rare colored crystals and semi-precious stones, kept me excited, curious and negotiating for days at a time.  

And, the food was equally excellent.  So, when we decided on impulse to have dinner at Chaikhana on Bustleton Avenue last weekend, it was with a sense of remembered delicacies and dinners that went on for hours into the wee hours of the morning; with too much local alcohol and toasts to everything under the sun and moon.  This was one of those friction points between two cultures, where each was influenced by the other.  Here it meant people who looked Asian, but spoke Russian and various dialects.  A place where Buddha was said to have travelled, and Islam flourished.  

This shop is not typical Philly.  It announces itself loudly by occupying a large house fronting the busy Bustleton, and having a large enclosed patio in front, wrapped in plastic to maintain temperature, and lit by tiny white lights encased in miniature trees on each table.  No reservation was required this Sunday night, as we were seated on the end of a large table big enough for six.  This porch was occupied by a few large parties celebrating happiness, which naturally took a lot of attention to service well.  We still had enough of our gracious server's help to understand the menu with wise suggestions as to the dishes to mix without going overboard.  Her suggestions were right on, as each plate was loaded with enough for two people, and ordering as we would in another restaurant would have been overkill here.

We started with mushroom soup and bread.  One order was enough for both of us, and it was served in two bowls.  It had several fungal varieties in a rich and savor base stock.  Maybe a tad oily, but very flavorful and excellent.  The round loaf of bread was a very pleasant surprise.  It had a thick and chewy texture, and both a salty and sweet flavor.  It was amazing.  A smear of butter, or a sponging of the soup or gravies, made it the perfect complement for whatever was eaten.  

Two apps were also shared.  The Cheburek, a deep fried folded over dough filled with spicy ground beef, potato, onions and a few mysteries, was richly textured, smooth and delicious. The other escapes me at the moment, but it was round, plump and baked. Loved it.  Our main entre was a chicken and lamb kabob, both of which were cooked to their apex of tenderness and flavor, with onion slices on the side.  They were both wonderful, and again, enough for us to share.  We ate well while those around us celebrated to the max.  It was fun to watch and listen.  

We were full before dessert, although very tempted by the cherry Vareniki and honey cake.  

There was plenty left unexplored on this visit.  But, like Marco Polo, many more trips to this part of Uzbekistan are anticipated.
A true gem of the NE! It's a BYOB with delicious food and a fun, welcoming atmosphere with appropriate ethnic touches! You would never really know you're right on Bustleton Ave! A must try and I say it's definitely worth the venture if you don't live close by. 

The food is always fantastic! Our fam often craves it! 

My family always starts with the fresh, hot, crispy bread! Get one! Then two! So delicious! Vinegar is on the table for dipping but they do serve it with butter packets. 

The Greek salad with "meet" as they write on the menu is asked for on the side for at least one of our orders without an issue. It's another item we always order to share. We get a few plates our parties of 6 plus. It comes with a shredded light feta you would never know was feta by the way it looks. It's a different consistency than most are used to. I think it's called Bavarian feta. The salad is tossed in a light oil and vinegar and oh so delicious!

We always get the mushroom barley soup as well. You can get a half which we sometimes do and is really enough. A little oily, but SO delicious. Chunks of potato, many different types of meaty mushrooms and minimal barley. Just like the kind Bubbie used to make. Comforting for sure and served with a type of sour cream in the side to top. Borscht is also ordered with our crowd. 

I personally love the eggplant salad but I seem to be the only one in my family that does as it has chunks of garlic. It has walnuts and pomegranate seeds which balance the softness of the eggplant and peppers so well. It's so different and bursting with flavors. 

We always get a side the fried potatoes with portobello. They are a tad garlicky and cooked to perfection which a crispier edge and soft middle. Just the right amount to share and topped with chunky mushrooms and sautéed onions too. Try Thai with your meal! 

We alternate between the sweet and savory vereniki (like a pierogi). The sweet are topped with warm blueberries and the savory with sautéed onions. Depends on the moods you're in which one, but definitely worth a shot. Their are boiled, not fried. 

The kabobs are said to be "phenomenal". Hubs sticks to chicken which he says are the best of any restaurant he's ever had. Lamb and beef are ordered as well. 

We sometimes get a pitcher of compote (a Russian fruit drink) it's very sweet like a Kool Aid but worth a try at least once.

Honey cake for dessert is a must. Nutty and chewy like a baklava consistency more than a cake. 

Reservations for dinner on a Fri or Sat used to be a must, but since they added the plastic to the patio out front, there's much more seating available all year round. It's fairly small inside ,but cozy. 

Lots of vodka drinking and big family dinners as it's BYO. Tonight the entire table next to us was singing. Dining here is really extra fun with a larger party!

Our entire fam prefers the ambiance here to other places like this in the area because of the authentic feel and music etc. It's really a no rush, sit and relax type of place.
Excellent and diverse food at a reasonable price!

This is one the few places I am comfortable recommending after just one visit.  Its a nice, intimate restaurant tucked away in the Northeast.  I wouldnt have known about it if not for Yelp.  Though I hear its a favorite among the local Eastern European population.

They are big on salads, dumplings, and kabobs.  Whatever you get, be sure to order the "Compot" fruit punch, its very good and different than what you're used to.

I had the Chicken Kabob and Chicken Ravioli (dumplings) and both were very good.  The price-portion ratio was very satisfying.  A Russian friend of mine recommended via text the Chicken Hearts so I will have to try that next time.

As a rule of thumb, I often gauge ethnic restaurants my how many people from that country actually eat there.  In  reasonably crowded hour, I was the only person speaking English.   My Russian and Ukrainian friends both gave high marks to the place as well.

The atmosphere is intimate and has a cool decor.  Might not be the best place to bring small kids but thats certainly doable.  

Uzbekistan is unique and definitely worth checking out if you need a break from the same old lunch
Okay so first and foremost let me be an unbiased Russian-speaking critic. I understand that most of the reviews for this restaurant are from biased patrons. For Americans coming to eat here are a few things to keep in mind:

1) Customer Service will be BAD. That's just how it is. You have to deal with it and not take it personally. So I will not take stars off for this. 
2) The owner of this place is a jerk. Which is probably why the wait staff is miserable and you are receiving bad customer service. He kinda looks like part of the Russian mob/alcoholic so it adds to the whole true experience. 
3) If you are sitting inside expect to see trashy music videos playing over and over again. This can be a pro or a con depending on how you look at it. It's the authentic Russian experience. 
This is not traditional Russian or Ukrainian cuisine. It's better!

Things to get: HACHIPURI!!! But it must be ordered in advanced because of the preperation times. 
Shashlik is amazing!
The bread with butter is incredible and will send your taste buds into euphoria. 

Overall: come here for the FOOD. Not the customer service or ambiance. Also it's a BYOB which is great. Bring a few bottles or Vodka or Whisky and shot glasses will be provided. 

P.S. For my Northeast Philly people reading this...GET OUT MORE. Philly is an awesome foodie city that extends beyond Uzbek (as all the locals call it).
Will I continue coming here for years and years. Yes. The food is amazing and if your with a good group you will have an awesome time.
We have returned to this restaurant numerous times since posting our first review and realize that an update is long overdue factoring our cumulative dining experience and some research. In a nutshell, the restaurant does an excellent job of capturing the culinary diversity of post-Soviet states including Uzbekistan, Georgia, Ukraine and Russia.

So here is a detailed update. Hope you find this useful:

Achick-Chuck (also goes by Achik chuchuk/ Achik Chuk Chuk): This appetizer is an excellent option if you're ordering something meaty like Shish Kebabs or Pilaf. The light and refreshing nature of this appetizer offers a nice contrast for "in-between bites" of hearty dishes. Has thin slices of onions, tomatoes garnished with dill and smoky paprika.

Carrot Korean Style: We skipped past this delicious carrot salad for months (who would want to order Korean food at a non-Korean restaurant) but as it turns out, it is a misnomer and obviously nothing to do with Korean food in a manner like how American Chop Suey has nothing to do with traditional Chinese or American foods. The interweb also confirms that this dish is featured in restaurants across Central Asian countries. So if you love garlic, this is a life changing experience. Try it to believe it.

Molodejniy: Is Russian for youth. Going by the ingredients, we are guessing it is used in the context of Spring. A spring mix salad but one that will make you rethink how you make your salads at home. The secret lies in the addition of a garlic dressing along with feta cheese.

Eggplant Salad: The mix of baked eggplants, sweet peppers, onions walnuts and pomegranate reminded us of a meal at a Lebanese-Armenian restaurant. The taste is very Mediterranean. Further research led us to a Georgian recipe for Ikra Badrijannaya. For a food fact, Ikra (eggplant) salads in Russia and neighboring countries are called Poor Man's Caviar and served as a spread for toast.

Kharcho (pronounced Har-cho): This is a stand out dish at this restaurant and one that we highly recommend to everyone. If you want to try something hearty, exotic and incredibly flavorful, this is it. Particularly great for Fall/Winter, this stew has fatty cuts of lamb and beef, rice, tomatoes, onions, garlic, sour plum roll and is nicely spiced with coriander seeds, fenugreek and dill. Delicious and comforting.

Cheburek (aka Chebureki): A favorite street snack in many countries, this half-moon shaped deep-fried turnover has a filling comprised of meat, onion, cilantro and mild spices. It's a bit greasy to be honest but very exotic and delicious. The accompanying home-made tomato sauce has some serious addiction potential. 

Pilaf Samarkand: The Pilaf they make is distinctly Central Asian. A culinary ligature of the ancient Silk Road, versions of it are served from Uzbekistan to the Uyghur Autonomous Region of Xinjiang, China. Very moist with lots of carrots and tender meat. This is a must try if you're dining here.

Shish Kebob: Excellent grilled meats of all varieties served with the tomato sauce that we described earlier.

Borsch (Ukranian/Green): Both versions of Borscht that they serve are very delicious. In the interest of keeping it short, we won't add trivia for this ubiquitous soup bowl.

The thing that we like the most about this place is the consistency. We've never had one disappointing meal to date. That we feel is the cherry on top. Bon Appétit!
My family and sister's family had a great time at CU except for the half hour wait after being seated to be greeted and given menus.

However, once we did get service, we had some great food.

CU is a BYOB and we had a lot of vodka and Cointreau, wine, and beer. 

We had a lot of highlights that we all liked; all the kabobs especially the skirt steak, all the varieties of potatoes, the samsa, and rice with meat. Everything else  was really good and I provided a bunch of pictures.

In today's COVID-19 times, all staff were wearing masks and seating was still all outdoors but covered. We had very nice weather. Staff was difficult to understand while wearing masks but that's fine with me. 

For four adults (two and two teens), our bill came to $135 without tip. We brought our own alcohol. They charge for bottles of water and did not have tap available. There were numerous families eating out at CU this Labor Day weekend. Overall, it was just more fun to be out with family. We'd love to come back.
I came here with a group of 8 on a Saturday evening for my boyfriend's birthday. He called ahead to order everything for our group, which I think may be required for large reservations. Let me see if I can remember everything we ordered...

Achick-chuck: tomato and onion salad. This was one of my favourite dishes - the tomatoes were incredibly fresh and the spices were perfect.

Fresh vegetable salad: a garden salad. Good.

Greek salad: excellent. Uses grated feta instead of chunks and includes strips of dried beef on top, a bit unusual.

Cheese pie: I can't find this on the menu but it was a massive pastry-based pie stuffed with garlic and cheese. Very rich but delicious. HUGE.

Lagman: hand pulled noodles with veggies and organ meats. Yummy but the noodles were a little too soft.

Chicken ravioli: like little fried chicken fortune cookies. Delicious.

Manti: large lamb dumplings. Fantastic.

Hanum: large ground beef and vegetable dumplings topped with tomato sauce. Also fantastic.

Vareniki with potato: basically pirogi. I didn't love the texture of the potato filling.

Vareniki with cheese: LOVED these. Served at the end with a black currant sauce. Excellent dessert.

Veal kebabs: to die for. All the kebabs were the best grilled meats I've ever eaten and I'm a serious grilled meat aficionado.

Lula kebabs: like a kofte, ground meat with spices. Fantastic.

Chicken kebabs: sleeper hit. Tastiest chicken I've ever eaten.

Napoleon: puff pastry layered with pastry cream dessert. Delicious but a little too sweet for me.

We got pretty much 2 of everything and it was an insane amount of food. I left feeling like I just ate Thanksgiving dinner and we had a mountain of takeout boxes to bring home. This crazy-huge feast broke down to only $30/person (gratuity included) and took us about 2 1/2 hours form start to finish. They did a great job pacing the meal, bringing out water, fresh plates, etc. Atmosphere was lively and very Russian, we were basically the only non-Russians there. They have a large front porch, lovely back garden with a tent, and a huge dining room and the place was packed. Next time we'll sit outside. Evidently the tent is heated in the winter!

There were a few hiccups with our order where some things didn't appear (pilaf samarkand, lamb kebabs, possibly sold out?) while some other mystery items did (didn't order the hanum or the chicken dumplings), but everyone was happy and the amount of food was insurmountable, so we didn't miss anything.


I can't wait to come back. Wear your stretchy pants.
A true gem of the NE! It's a BYOB with delicious food and a fun, welcoming  atmosphere with appropriate ethnic touches! You would never really know you're right on Bustleton Ave! A must try Ana I say it's definitely worth the venture. 

The food is always fantastic! Our fam often craves it! Hubs says the chicken skewers are "phenomenal". 

My family always shares the fresh, hot, crispy bread and Greek salad (meet as they write it on the menu is asked for on the side without an issue). It comes with shredded light feta my Mom raves about. You would never know its feta by the way it looks. The salad is tossed in a light oil and vinegar. 

We always get the mushroom barley soup. You can get a half which we sometimes do and is really enough. A little oily, but SO delicious. The kind that Bubbie used to make. Comforting for sure. 

I love the eggplant salad but I seem to be the only one in my family that does as it has chunks of garlic. It has walnuts and pomegranate seeds which balance the softened of the eggplant and peppers so well. It's so different and bursting with flavors. 

We always get the fried potatoes with portobello. They are a tad garlicky and cooked to perfection which a crispier edge and soft middle. Just the right amount to share and topped with chunky mushrooms and sautéed onions. 

We alternate between the sweet and savory vereniki (like a pierogi). The sweet are topped with warm blueberries and the savory with sautéed onions. Depends on the moods you're in which one, but definitely worth a shot. Their are boiled, bit fried. 

We sometimes get the pitcher of compote (a Russian fruit drink) it's very sweet like a Kool Aid but worth a try at least once.

Honey cake for dessert is a must. Nutty and chewy like a baklava consistency more than a cake. 

Reservations for dinner on a Fri or Sat used to be a must, but since they added the plastic to the patio out front, there's much more seating available. It's fairly small inside but cozy. 

Lots of vodka drinking and big family dinners. Tonight the entire table next to us was singing. It's fun really! 

Our entire fam prefers the ambiance here to other places like this in the area because of the authentic feel and music etc. It's really a no rush, sit and relax type of place.
I really want to hate this place. The service is terrible & the owner is rude but the food is too good to dismiss it altogether. Their new location is much better with more seating which includes outdoors. The inside tables they have mostly kept for large parties and they have enclosed the outside porch so they can heat it and seat there year round. 

The star of their food is the lamb and chicken shish kabob (shaslik). Fresh, well marinaded, and not dried out. Their samsa (samosa) is also very good, not too fatty, but a nice balance of the lamb/beef meat mix, onions and fat all baked in a sesame roll. They serve fresh leproshka bread as well. I would also recommend the house compote (fruit juice) drink. They make it fresh and it has the right balance of sweet and tart and is very refreshing on a hot summer evening. Like I said there isn't much I can complain about in regard to the food especially for the price.
We wanted to make a pilgrimage to this restaurant for the longest time and we finally managed to check it off our bookmarks this labor day weekend.

The moment we waddled into the outside seating area, we realized that we'd stumbled upon a gem of an ethnic place looking at the clientele. If that wasn't convincing enough, the top 50 chartbusters from the 80s/90s playing in the background would positively reassure one that this place was legit. 

The restaurant serves preparations not only from Uzbekistan but also from other eastern European and central Asian countries but since it was our first time here, we decided to stick to Uzbek dishes for the most parts. 

We got an order of Cheburek (a deep fried turnover with a filling consisting of potatoes, ground meat,  onions and cilantro), a beef skirt steak shish kebab, Manti (steamed meat dumplings garnished with dill and served with sour cream) and an order of Plov Samarkand to share between the two of us. 

The skewered kebab came with a side of tasty home made tomato sauce and was grilled to perfection. The Cheburek crust was a bit greasy but the filling was pretty good. The Plov was meaty, moist and mildly seasoned with cumin seeds and really hit the spot for us. The Manti was ok but not among our favorites for the night. We felt that the dumplings were slightly overdone judging by the texture and flavor of the lamb meat filling. 

Overall it was a very good experience. Definitely recommend this place to our carnivore friends and anyone who would want to sample Uzbek cuisine which by the way is very unique given the geographic location of the country. 

P.S. Also recommend the Kompot (Russian fruit punch) which is a tad sweet but tart and refreshing at the same time.
Based on my experience so far, I just can't understand how this place can get less than 4 stars.  I was tempted to go 5 stars here but tried to keep my generous starring in check by reminding myself that I tend to do that when on a food high, as I still am the morning after.  Uzbekistan restaurant is up in the far north east where I grew up.  The community changed over the decades and this gem is one of the best results yet.  Decades? yeah, I know, it makes me sound so old.  That's appropriate since I went there for my birthday dinner last night with 8 good friends and had a really great time, and not just because we were drinking our asses off and they gave me cool gifts.  OK, I'll admit for a short minute I was put off when I made the reservation for our large party two weeks ahead (they're popular) and they asked for a deposit ahead of time but my friends insisted it wasn't a large enough restaurant for the amount of business they do since Mr. LaBan decided to rave about it.  Why cant he just email me directly and keep it between us?  

Two in our party were there before and had to put on the breaks after we all ordered stuff.  They explained, the portions are not small here. We started off with a bunch of salads (3 or 4) to share.  Each was distinct and flavorful and there was plenty to go around the table 2 or 3 times each.  We ordered one thing of bread, which was  focaccia-like(but better) bread. Then came the dumplings.  They were good though least exciting.  I didn't order these so I'm not sure what the fried ones were called but DAMN they were tasty.  Oh, and my friend had ordered some with cherry filing and blueberry's on top.  These would've made a great dessert.  So yes, by this point we were already starting to feel the pressure in our stomachs that comes with over eating... or if anything, the warning signs that this was going to be one of those meals.  When the meat came out, I celebrated with evident excess saliva and teared up eyes.  The first 4 Lamb kabob items on the menu were a pleasure for me.  They were out of stroganoff so we had tried some kind of stewed chicken, stewed beef dishes.  I didn't get to hear them being ordered so I just refer to them as the savory "stew"s in my indulgent memories of reliving the meal over and over in my head.  Their flavors were layered, vibrant, oh, let's see what other fancy words I can use to honor these dishes... um, yummy? did I use yummy yet?   

My wayward friends that have lost faith in red meat ordered some HUGE dish of fish with cheesy sauce and tomatoes etc on it.  The meat eaters at my end of the table called that the pizza fish.  I was in such a food frenzy that I hadn't paused to recognize that as one of my food no-nos.  Fish and cheese should be separated like church and state as far as I'm concerned.  Well, with my guard down, I found it really good.  I agree with my friend when she commented on it being really rich though, but over all, it was delicious.

Please don't underestimate my enthusiasm for this restaurant just because we downed a few bottles of wine, Russian beer(!), a bottle of Russian Vodka and a bottle of Champagne and as the evening progressed we all seemed better looking and more witty.  Honest, it was good grub. 
The TVs weren't overbearing and the music wasn't too loud.  Of course with the place packed, who could even hear the music?  The staff was really friendly and attentive.  OH and I almost forgot, the bill came with only a 10% tip on it to around 120.00.  so we doubled the tip and each only needed to pay $17 each.   We were so happy most of us just left a twenty while still feeling we got the deal of a meal!
I have had this place on my list of places to try for some time. My 8 year old son agreed to go with me. We have a tradition of eating out together on days he has off from school. 
So we made our way to this place and entered a little haven of Uzbekistan. The place was dark and we were the first for lunch. We were given menus and our drinks were ordered. 
My son was not certain what to think, so I steered him in some directions he may like. 
He ordered a chicken soup with meatball. It was a strongly flavored vegetable broth. Tasting of cabbage and other vegetables. It came with two large balls of meat and a piece of chicken still on the bone, It was a large bowl. 
We also ordered the tandori bread and this was a plate sized piece of bread that was more than we could handle. It was delicious and warm. 
I ordered two items to be sure I had more ethnic food for the table. 
I ordered a small dumpling with cherry inside, blackberry jam and sour cream. This was tart and sweet. The dumplings were bite sized. A large full plate came out with these. 
I also ordered a "Manti" a meat stuffed dumpling that was flavorful. It was slightly greasy, but delicious. It had a South Asian flavor to it, maybe cummin? I do not know. But, I was reminded of flavors when I traveled in South Asia. 

So the place is small in size and kind of quirky. They had a foreign TV station playing in all corners of the restaurant. My son was taken by it. All I could gather is some kind of talent show or something like that. Lots of singing and people dressed in weird costumes. It made the lunch interesting. 
We were the only people in the restaurant speaking English as well. So, you know that this food has to be authentic. The restaurant became busy shortly after we arrived. Many appeared to be regulars as well. 

I would recommend this as an ethnic gem.
My wife and I went here for lunch on a Sunday.  I'd heard about it for a long time, and decided it would be my Father's Day treat.  I'd perused the menu online before we set out, so I had a pretty good idea of what I was going to order.

There was apparently an event being held inside, but it was a nice day, so we were fine with the spacious outdoor dining area.

We waited a bit for our menus and water. The waitstaff (all 20-something blonde Russian girls) were relatively efficient, but had all the charm of Soviet-era bureaucrats. Our initial server spoke decent English. She informed us that they were out of potato verenekas (pierogis) and Manti (meat dumplings) but there was plenty of other stuff on the menu to make up for that.  We of course, began with the signature tandoor bread (don't confuse this with Naan - the $2 hunk was enough for four. Hot and fresh.  My wife ordered Achick-Chuck  (tomatoes & onion) in a very unique dressing.  I ordered the Ukranian Borsch -  Nothing like the Borscht I had imagined... very brothy, with nice hunks of meat and veggies - served with a dollop of sour cream.  For our dumpling course, we ordered chicken ravioli (little homemade pillows of tender dough swimming in butter and more sour cream.)  Quite good, but there were better things to come.  The Samsa Tandori (baked round pancake with meat for $2.50 was served with a savory tomato sauce, and by this time would have been a fine meal shared with my wife.  However - The kabobs were yet to come.  

I ordered skirt steak, and lula (minced lamb and beef with onions and spices) as well as the lamb rib (priced ridiculously under $4 as was the skirt steak.)  ALL the kabobs (including the tenderest lamb we had ever eaten) were under $4.50 each.

After finishing the kabobs, we were STUFFED (and took home half the tandoor bread.) 

During our meal, and obtaining the check, we had at least three servers, several of whom spoke to us curtly in Russian (blissfully unaware that we did not understand a word.) 

The Manager did check with us to see that someone was bringing our check (seemingly hoping that he might find a reason to berate a server.) He did not seem interested in our compliments about the food.

We will absolutely go back, and try other things. The bill came to about $46 before tip.  As the food ranged from "very good" to "extraordinary" I cannot think of a better way to spend money dining when very hungry.  All the food tasted like it was made by wrinkled old ladies wearing babushkas, blending cumin, dill, parsley, garlic etc. without the need to measure. Hearty Central Asian / Easter European peasant fare.

Again, the service wasn't BAD, but if you expect a "Hello, my name is Olga, and I'll be your server today.. can I tell you about our specials?" kind of place, this is not it.  You just need to adjust your attitude that they are here to take your order and bring your food.  The menu is HUGE and covers a variety of regions. Small plates make it great for sharing and trying as many as possible. Don't miss the kabobs, though... they are also large enough for sharing.
I have to be honest, this place is the ultimate comfort foodie destination.  The place has an extensive menu with traditional Uzbek and Russian staples such as plov (semi-friend rice with meat), manti (meat dumplings) and many more. It is BYO. 

But before I get into detail about food... This restaurant is very casual with a lot of regulars from the surrounding area (Northeast Philly). It  has a homey cozy feel to it. There is indoor and outdoor seating. It is perfect for small and large groups. The atmosphere is very relaxed, so do not expect a posh maitre-d standing at the door and a sleek waiter to hold on to your every word. It gets very busy there, but the servers are very friendly and attentive. 

The food is incredible and every bit delicious. My favorite dishes there, are plov, manti, green borscht and lamb shish kabobs. Do yourself a favor and do not restrict yourself when ordering. If you are not familiar with certain dishes I encourage you to order and sail away from safe food harbor! The staff will happily answer any question about the menu.

I highly recommend this restaurant: the food, the atmosphere and the overall experience! Go there with an open mind and a ravenous appetite :)
Ok so updating my update. This place is back into old bad habits. Cramming in as many people as possible to the point of you are literally rubbing elbows with the diners at the next tables. This has to violate all kinds of fire codes. Also the bread is no longer fresh. You are getting yesterday's bread re-warmed. Also no matter how you ask the lamb to be cooked it will come out well done and dry. Even if you tell them you want it bloody - as my boyfriend did - you will still get well done. I have moved on to greener and tastier pastures where there is leg room and fresh food.
Walking into Uzbekistan, I felt like I was stepping into a whole new world.  There were large parties indulging in food I had never seen before and speaking a language foreign to my ears.  We stood at the door for 5 minutes unsure of the protocol then walked into the bar area trying to flag down someone to guide us to a table.  The waitress that came out of the kitchen was carrying a large platter of kebabs and motioned us to the outside seating area.  Finally, we grabbed two menus and sat ourselves down.  

Although it was a rough start the rest of the night made up for it.  The food was impressive.  We started with borsch (cabbage soup with sour cream) and some stuffed bread (one was stuffed with ground meat and the other was stuffed with cheese).  For the main entree we had pilov (a rice pilaf cooked with shredded meat) and lamp kebab.  Then for dessert we ordered green tea and baklava.  The baklava was very different from the greek baklava that I am used to.  It was cakey and and chewy.  It wasn't covered with honey but was slightly sweetened.

Everything was delicious and tasted homemade.  We felt like we were eating at someone house rather than a restaurant.  Ingredients were fresh, full of flavor, and very comforting.  The best part the restaurant is the moderate price.  Most of the entrees ran under $10.  The portions are not very large so it's better to order several dishes to share.

I have always been fascinated by Russia/Uzbek cuisine and this place does a nice job.
In a section of Philadelphia that is highly populated with people and eating places from the former Soviet Union, Chaikhana Uzbekistan stands out.  Obviously, this is primarily an Uzbekistani restaurant but it also serves food from Georgia, Azerbaijan, Russia, and Ukraine.  This is one of the most accessible of the many Russian-related restaurants in the far Northeast.  Everyone seems to speak English here .... non-Russian speaking people seem to be as welcome as the many Soviet émigrés who certainly make up the majority of the clientele.

But lets get to the food.  The menu is huge so you have quite a choice.  You can never go wrong with Uzbek mantis.  These are among the tastiest dumplings in the world and are filled with a minced meat and topped with dill.  Of course the vareniki are equally as tasty - they are just smaller. A pilov rice dish with meat & veggies completes a filling Uzbek meal.  Or you might want to try something from another cuisine like the extremely tasty Azerbaijani Kutab.  This is like a thin crepe filled with spinach and feta cheese.  It is served with sour cream and their delicious homemade tomato sauce.

The décor inside Chaikhana Uzbekistan is very pleasant and in warmer weather there is a large outdoor seating area under cover.  And they have their own complimentary parking lot.
I hope to impress you with the fact that I ate practically half the menu of Uzbekistan.

A pitcher of kompot, a tart, cherry drink is a good way to start. I always like to try a restaurant's version of this stuff when it's available, and here it was the least cloying and most enjoyable I've had. Uzbekistan is BYO, so pouring in some vodka or even wine to make your own kompot sangria could be awesome. I feel like I dropped the ball here by not doing that.

A giant round of bread is only $2, but with so many carb based  items to choose from on the menu, you might not even need this.

A tangy shredded carrot salad ($4.50) is a good way to open your palate. This was also the only meatless dish we tried.

Also from the salad menu, the pecan salad ($5) was a misnomer. Expect more of a green, red, and yellow pepper chicken salad.

The two soups I tried were on my list of menu favorites The kharcho ($5) (far left) was described as "spicy soup, meat, rice." While we did get a spicy soup with a bit of rice and pieces of meat, the description does not do it's complexity justice. It got better with each slurp. As good as it was, I may have enjoyed the green borscht more, a vegetal soup described as "sour leaves, meat, potato." This was served with a dish of sour cream that morphed the flavor into something resembling a brothy creamed spinach. I suggest trying the borsht both ways by adding some sour cream once you are half way through.

It is easy to go overboard with ordering from the line up dough filled items, since they are all about $2.  For the Uzbek version of a spanikopita try the  kutab, a fried packet filled with feta and spinach. The cheburek, is more like an empanada, the crust is flakier and it is filled with ground meat.  Our duo was accompanied by a spicy tomato sauce.

Less successful, was the meat and onion filled samsa. It didn't have enough flavor and the texture of the meat was unappealing.

An order of stuffed cabbage ($7) is more than a meal on its own, with 3 cabbage wrapped logs of rice and meat topped with roasted peppers and surrounded in a moat of sauce.

For something truly unique, the fried ravioli ($6.20) are like savory fortune cookies, and your fortune is... meat. Isn't that the best kind of fortune? Dipping in the dish of sour cream is a must, as they would otherwise be dry.

The Chinese are not the only ones known for their hand pulled noodle.The Uzbeki version is called lagman. Here  it comes in soup form or as we had it, on a plate with sauce ($6.50).  Great flavor, but I would have even been happier had the noodles been more al dente. The chucks of stewed beef in between long strands of noodles is fit for the colder months. And for a moment, as I watched the fake snow fall on the beautiful lady singing on the variety show playing on the television, I felt like I needed my snow boots.

Consider balancing out all the stuffed dough with meat on a skewer. It is rare that I am impressed by a kebob but I insist you order the lamb ribs ($3.59) and if you have room, the skirt steak skewers. The little lamb rib bits were grilled until perfectly charred. I was also pleased to find out that where many countries in the Eastern Hemisphere cover their lamb ribs with cumin, here, they were cumin free. Adding to the royal feasting experience, the red sauce was served in a goblet.

I wish I had a 7th stomach so that I could have tried the other soups, the chicken ravioli, and some of the other skewers. But that will have to wait until next time, and I won't forget the wine.
I had the misfortune of only having Uzbekistan once; too much to forget and too little to satisfy the insatiable cravings it created!

My colleagues and I traveled to our Philadelphia franchise on business and were treated to dinner here after a hard days work. I tend to make snap judgments on food and I walked in expecting to leave hungry. I couldn't have been more wrong! From the amazing appetizers to the delicious kebabs (I have NEVER had such exquisite Chilean Sea Bass!), the whole meal was phenomenal. The Napoleon cake we had for dessert topped off a fantastic meal. Add in the ambiance of nearly every patron speaking fluent Russian and the BYOB bottles of vodka making the rounds and you have one hell of a dinner experience.

The portions are more family-style than individual entrees, so come prepared to share (you'll want to try it all anyway). The TV's playing Russian pop videos and authentic Russian music in the background are actually not as annoying as one might expect. Once you taste the food and see the camaraderie amongst all the customers, you'll find it hard not to have a great time.
The food is sub-par for the cuisine. You can go to almost any of the little Russian stores or delis and get better quality food. The restaurant is small and cramped. The atmosphere was horrible. Two large flat screen TVs on all the time blasting bad 80s or Russian Pop music. While I was there the owner turned it up so loud that I could not hear my boyfriend sitting next to me unless he yelled (literally yelled) directly into my ear. Unless you can speak Russian or Uzbek you might as well not bother, because trying to order in English only got me confused and angered looks from the waiter, who acted like he had much better things to do (like flirt with the other female waitress) than serve us. Over all it was very loud and unpleasant, and the food quality was not worth another trip. 

Also note: at the time I went this restaurant it was still in the same plaza as Cafe Michaelanglo thus making the parking very limited. I have recently seen that they are moving across the street to take over what used to be Valentina's so their parking and being cramped will probably change. Most likely the noise level and general attitude of the wait staff will not.
I've driven by Uzbekistan countless times and I was excited to finally try it out. So disappointing. It's amazing how much bad service can affect your meal. I came with my parents and my brother on a Sunday night and we walked in and were seated pretty quickly but promptly forgot about. Ten minutes passed before someone came by and brought empty glasses - no water. Another five minutes passed before a water pitcher was placed at the end of the table. 

Ten more minutes go by and we are ready to walk out of the door in search of another restaurant when someone finally comes to take our orders. We asked for wine glasses for the wine we brought (its a BYO restaurant) and it took us asking three times to finally get some. 

The food came quickly enough, and it's unfortunate because if it weren't for the bad service, I would probably have given this place 4 stars.
My wife is from Uzbekistan and she talks of this place as being authentic and maybe even better than the food from back home. Going here is a real taste of central Asian food.

The food here is always good, with special attention given to the Plof (pilaf) and the kabobs. I don't normally get the eastern European side of the menu, but I've heard it's good to. To eat the traditional way get a pot of tea and some bread to go with your meal, both are ridiculously cheap. The bread has always been fresh out of the oven when I've been, and the tea comes in a traditional teapot.

The place is always busy, and there are not a lot of servers, so don't expect a huge amount of servers to check in. Servers have always been friendly when I've been, and are always appreciative if you even attempt to speak Russian or pronounce the dishes properly.

I often go hear with American friends, and order family style as the menu is intended. We typically only end up paying $15 per person and leave stuffed. Great value in my opinion.

Oh, and it would be nice if ignorant people could stop calling it Russian. The owners are Uzbek, they are culturally central Asian (think Ghengis Khan), where as Russians are European (think blonde hair blue eyes). Just because they speak Russian doesn't make them Russian any more than speaking English makes all Americans British.
Another birthday party that I had to go to, another disappointment and night of painful sleeping.

Owners, servers and staff of Uzbekistan you have outside seating and inadequate air conditioning.  Both require ample hydration of patrons.  I would not have to grab my glass and pitchers to get water from the bar after asking a few times.

You have outside patio surrounded by beautiful grape vines, but no air flow, so how about a fan?

You carry food around your wonderfully paved patio, yet you never clean it off from the cobblestones, so some fly traps would actually help.

Oh and don't forget about the pit where some contemplated possibly making some money off your trip&fall OK insurance.

In any case, in Uzbekistan the patrons are treated as cattle.
Ok I am going to give them a star back.

I know what you are thinking "why the in all the fiery hells would she let herself go back there?" well I got out voted, that is why.

They have spaced out the tables inside so you are not on top of the table next to you. The food was good & fresh and the service was better. Granted it was Tuesday night so it was slow. 

So I will begrudgingly give them another star for the improvement over my last visit.
This is one of my favorite Uzbek restaurants.  I like the interior, its cozy with stucco, a little small, but they have outside seating and a huge tented area in the back for banquets.  The waitresses are very nice and attentive and speak English.  The place is BYOB and usually gets quite crowded on weekends.

Their outstanding dishes in my opinion are as follows. The shashlik (chicken, lamb, and ground lamb), very tasty and served with vinegar onions.   Lagman lamb soup with thick homemade noodles.  Their Uzbek bread is the best anywhere !!!  The lamb pilaf is authentic and outstanding.  I also get different types of potato, but my fav is when they slice it thin and cook almost like a thicker moist potato chip.  They have a couple of good salads: the one with just tomatos and onions is great with the bread.  They have what they call Greek salad, but its only a distant cousin to what most think of a Greek salad, it has this odd tasting salami meat in it.  Its pretty good and very popular.  They have a "Russian salad" that can be described as potato salad with egg, green peas, bologna and pickles, sounds odd but very common, popular and very good !!!
Stepping into this place feels like being transported to another land, and for that reason I like it. It may be called Uzbekistan, but it seems like the waitresses are all Russian. From a non-Russian perspective, the service was not intimidating as it tends to be in Russian restaurants. In fact, it was rather on the nice side, though a bit inattentive (in proper Russian fashion, I suppose). 

The Russian potato salad (Olivie) was nice and creamy with a good mix of vegetables. The lagman noodle soup was good as well, with a rich, earthy, almost gamey taste (probably from the lamb) and tender chunks of meat floating among hand-drawn noodles. Sadly, they were out of the plov so we tried the stroganoff, which came with sides of mashed potatoes and thinly-julienned garlicky carrots. The stroganoff wasn't bad, but not spectacular either. The bread they serve here is amazing though, warm and chewy with a great crust. And the kebabs were tasty as well: the chicken was delicious and juicy, but the skirt steak was just a tad too tough and well-done (the steak kebabs are much better but the chicken kebabs are comparable at Shish Kebab Palace). The Chilean sea bass kebab was perfectly tender and delicious. They come out to about $1.50 per cube, but hey, it's an expensive fish. The lamb ribs were also tasty, but quite small and not very meaty. I guess it's more of a flavor experience. Maybe the lamb chops are a better choice, or just regular lamb kebabs. 

The only slightly annoying thing about this place was that they somewhat sneakily charged us an extra 10% for service, but nowhere does it state (nor did they mention to us) that a 10% tip was already included. So it made for some confusion and at first we were unsure if there was some error, and then we were unsure how much tip we should leave on top of that. So if you do come here, be sure to check your bill at the end. Also, Uzbekistan is quite a trek from Philly, so I probably won't be coming back with any regularity.
If you willing to spend a few hours, but are looking forward to a nice a good meal, The food is very delicious and varied although a bit greasy and I do not know if it is the kitchen or the waiters, but the service here is steadily slow. On of the best thing is that place is a BYOB, with is very common in the Philly area. 

I can with a party of 8 people and we decide to share a few plates.

Chicken ravioli a little-fried chicken fortune cookies with I devour with only one bite, but very delicious a good option to order like an app. 

 The Samarkand Pilaf Rice comes with Beef, sliced onions, carrots and spices mixed with freshly cooked rice, very good taste a bit fatty but delicious. 

Bread, if you come to this place this is the most order one of the famous plates from the menu,

Chicken heart not a fan of this disk nothing personal, I just don't like it anywhere.  

Chicken Kebab: very tender, juicy and delicious this disk is to lick your finger.

Manti pretty much is a dumpling with was good.

Cheburek: The texture is very similar to the empanada, the taste was delicious but it was another dish that way too greasy.
This was my first time dining at Uzbekistan and I had a wonderful time with friends. The service was attentive, quick and friendly. I ordered the beef stroganoff, which came with carrots and mashed potatoes. This was comfort food to the max and warmed my bones on a extremely cold winter day. 

My friends who have been before ordered the green borscht, which they raved about. I sampled some and agree that it was very good, but not as memorable as the eggplant salad and the bread. 

The eggplant salad was a cold salad, which I usually don't like, but the flavorful combination of garlic, walnuts, pomegranate, eggplant, and savory seasonings lit up my tastebuds. The bread seemed to be freshly baked and I kept raving about it so a friend recommended I buy some when we went to the local Net Cost afterwards. It's in the oven now.   

I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for some great comfort food with a foreign twist. You won't be disappointed.
Very cute little place with terrific food. We met friends there and we weren't sure we were in the right place. There's not much signage on Bustleton Pike. Their entrance is on the side and plenty of parking can be found in the back. The inside is adorable. It reminds me of those little trattorias from 1960's spy films where the spy would meet their contact (think The Ipcress File). 

They also have a patio which is now covered for winter and furnished with heat lamps. Service is good but lacking in personality. No one is chipper. However, having a server that's a ray of sunshine does not guarantee you a great meal.

We started with their fresh baked chewy bread and butter and the Cheburek, a delicious flaky turnover filled with beef and onions. The kebabs are tender and priced fairly between $4 and $5. Beef and lamb were seasoned well and cooked perfectly. We also had the Lula kebab which is minced beef and lamb re-shaped and cooked on a skewer. The fried potatoes in garlic are addictive and the baby lamb chops were very tender, even though they were well done. We topped it off with their Baklava and Napoleons. Flaky, sweet, heaven. 

The restaurant has all Uzbek customers so we definitely felt out of place. It was a great experience and we loved the food, we just wish there was more diversity with patrons.
Eto Pizdets poliniy. 

The service is absolute ZERO

The food is dogshit, 50 minute wait for 8 overcooked watered down potato vareniki. 
After we completed our dinner the waiter brought over a plate of potatoes. we sent it back.

Oh, and the waiter had the never to give himself and 18% tip.
I generally try to refrain from mentioning or plugging competitors in my reviews but I keep getting PM's & compliments asking me for the name of the place that I go instead of here. That would be Shish-Kabob Palace on Grant Ave. 

On a side note from driving by they have redesigned the outside patio area. Either the massive snow last winter destroyed their outdoor tent beyond repair or it didn't pass muster with the inspectors. Either way it looks like they are only going to be able to do outdoor seating in warm good weather now.

*I was informed that they have a huge enclosed patio in the back now that can hold 50+. So I guess you can still dine cold weather al fresco.
This review is about the overall experience. In a nutshell the food was pretty good but the service was exceedingly BAD. THE WORST EVER!

We arrived for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Not many people there, maybe a couple of tables, so we were seated right away. The waiter also came right away and we ordered bread and drinks. The drinks and bread arrived fairly quickly and we had already put in our order for the rest of the food. Then we waited, and we waited, and we waited.......

Four more parties came in - a party of 7 and 3 parties of 2.  
We waited some more.....Then we noticed that ALL the tables that came after us were being served their appetizers, but not us! In the end, everyone had their checks and had left and we were STILL sitting there.

Our waiter never came back to check on us. I had to ask other staff members to check on our soup, to refill our drinks, to find out why we were not getting our food, and in the end to get a doggie bag and the check.

The young woman who seated us came by and I complained to her but she didn't offer to do anything. All she said was that they had a catering job and the kitchen was busy. First of all, I thought catering was a huge part of their business, and secondly, that didn't excuse the fact that we were there before FOUR tables who got their food before us!

I'm too angry to review the food in detail so I will just say the bread was fantastic, the soup was good but lacked salt, potato dumplings were okay, stuffed cabbage was good, chicken kebab was meh, and the lulu kebab was just okay. 

My husband says he is not in a hurry to go back, and I agree.
What a great experience! We tried to get parking downtown Philly, but gave up, and drove the 20 minutes back to this place. We pulled into their driveway, lined by grapes, and proceeded into the large parking. The length of driveway, size of parking lot, and size of building all surprised us. Based on the stripmalls around us, that's what we had assumed when we were looking for the restaurant. The parking lot even had nice landscaping! We walked into the outdoor sitting area, decided that it was too noisy from the traffic, and proceeded inside. The cool air, white linens, dim lighting was all such a relief from the 90 degree day and blistering sun. We were met by a friendly waitress that was attentive and responsive the entire time. We were seated, and ordered the first couple dishes while deciding on the rest. We were asked if we wanted the bread, and answered yes. Expecting a bread basket we were pleasantly surprised to find a full loaf placed on our table. Next to it was a tomato garlic sauce, that was addicting and a lovely pourable sourcream reminding me of crème freche. Then came the katub and cheburek. Both were tasty, with me favoring the cheburek and wife favoring the katub. Then came the Hanum, which was delicious! We both enjoyed that one. Then came the Salyanka and Vareniki with cheese. Those were also delicious, and we went past the full point, proceeding to eat until no more fit, and then a bit more. The entire time, we were tearing pieces of the bread off, and dipping it into the tomato sauce or soup. And the bill came to less than $40 with tax and tip! This is a restaurant we're visiting any time we're in the area.
Mouthwatering meats and small exotic plates + BYOB + Breezy patio seating?

I will be back, and I will bring friends - because this is the place where the more folks you bring, the more food you can try!

My brother & sister-in-law took me to Uzbekistan to belatedly celebrate my birthday the other week where we sat out front in the evening breeze & ordered way too much food from the extensive menu. (I can't comment on the interior at all, but I'd be happy sitting on milk crates to eat this food again!)

We brought some Founders Porter, dark, decadent and perfect for the evening. (Though don't be shy to bring your vodka - that's definitely the drink of choice of the regulars!)

 For appetizers we enjoyed the 'Healthy Salad (Olivie) and the Fimchusa. My brother and I shared the Ukranian Borscht served with sour cream. From the entree menu we enjoyed Manti, Lagman Kavurma, Chebureks, and 4 kinds of succulent shish kebabs: Lamb, Lula, Skirt Steak & Chicken served on skewers and covered with raw, finely sliced sweet onions.

Our server was nice, we didn't wait long at all in between courses, and our leftovers made a happy reappearance at the end of the meal packaged neatly in a bag. Kudos to Gary & Ali for introducing me to a place I'm sure will feature in many future fun evenings!
Went there on 9/21/09, was invited to a party.  What can I say.  

The food got worse.  Meat in pilaf was simply boiled, I would guess it was extracted from one of the soups, shredded and added on top of lightly seasoned rice to make the dish.

Outside seating was horrible on a sunny day.  The thing shrubs don't protect patrons from sound or smell of the exhaust of cars driving 10-15 feet away on Bustleton Avenue.

I did not stay long, so cannot comment on the kebobs, so I hope they stayed well made.
We were so excited to try this interesting place. In fact, our stomachs were so devoid of food that anything would have made us happy, but the first two plates to arrive (homemade bread and eggplant salad) were great both separately and, moreso, together. We eagerly awaited the next courses. 

Sadly, we have to drop this to only one star because of a bad service experience. The staff was quite overwhelmed on this Saturday evening, but it still took a disproportionately long time to even place our order. The worse example came when we were being served our entrees and were only told at that time that the stuffed cabbage was sold out. 

We then heard the table next to us being told also that the cabbage was sold out. They were understandably upset since they had specifically requested to reserve the dish when they made an dinner reservation. What bothered us the most is that just a bit later, multiple stuffed cabbage dishes were brought out to that table while we were left with nothing.

Overall, we really enjoyed the dishes we tried (eggplant salad, Ukrainian borsch, tandoor bread, lamb and chicken shish kebabs, and pilav). Unfortunately, it seems the service needs to be improved here.
Ever wanted to travel to Russia or its former satellite states but missed your chance? Well eating at Uzbekistan comes pretty close to the real thing. You won't hear much English spoken amongst the guests, Russian is the language used to converse over delicious soups, dumplings, a vast offering of salads, and hearty meaty entrees. And its all being washed down with BYO vodka, cognac, and wine (bottles and bottles of it)! The wild, strange variety shows streaming into a couple of TVs, direct from Moscow, seal the deal!

What can I say? If you love an exotic experience, you'll love Uzbekistan. If you are annoyed by anything unusual, people enjoying life and food with family and friends-with gusto and an occasional miscommunication, you'll hate it. 

The food is good, but not gourmet, and a mix of Russian and Uzbeki. The prices are modest and the portions are plentiful. The bread is insanely satisfying!  I've been numerous times and always gotten great service, perhaps not lively and engaging, but nothing to complain about. 

My only complaint is that it is not closer to where I live. Otherwise I'd be there at least once a week.
I think they prefer reservations, but we were able to get a table outdoors.
So here's the scoop. 
The ambiance was okay-the outdoors is right off the street so it gets noisy. 
The service is really good, warm, & inviting. 
The carrot salad had a bit too much garlic.
The meat cheuberek was good but also had too much garlic. 
The spinach cheuberek was a tad bit oily.
The lamb leg-out of this world 
The lamb chops-nicely sized and tender-a must have dish and totally worth it
The lamb kebab -to die for, so tender
The grilled chicken wings-soooo good 
The cheese ravioli-meh, nothing special
The cherry filled dumplings with black current-I can't remember the actual name but this was an extremely unique dish and I am happy I tried it-delicious 
The bread-very tasty,fresh, piping hot 
The potatos w/portobello mushrooms-YOU MUST HAVE THIS DISH-MANDATORY & absolutely delightful
The Chaik is open for business! And it's the perfect getaway in the far NE corner of Philly, aka the 'hood for Eastern European eats. No doubt, they easily stick out on the main street, and the lush grape vines lining the entrance way only make it more curiously inviting. They have ample outdoor seating (front and back) for all your Covid social distancing needs. Sink by the entrance to wash hands, too. Understandably, the prices have recently increased by 15-20%. The waiter kindly let us know beforehand, since it wasn't on their menu. Foods were served on disposable plastic and wood plates.

On to the food. It's hard not to love a buttered toasty warm bread for starters, but there's more delicious carbs and meats coming. The Lula kebab is like a beef-lamb burger patty, rebelliously served on a spear. Every country has its own style, but I am definitely digging the spears. Uzbek pilaf makes a good balance to other richer dishes. The lagman soup/noodles are good, too, thick and chewy.
As the 5 star rating says... Uzbekistan is as good as it gets! So when you are driving down Bustelton, just look for the giant awkward awning with the laser lights spinning outside. Anyway, inside is fairly basic, just a former house converted into a restaurant. They have some TV's showing Russian shows (which look pretty hilarious, not that I know what they are saying). Just about everything on the menu is great! I had the borscht and the chicken heart kebabs and they were amazing.
The first time I came here was with some co-workers for lunch. 
I'm a Russian/Uzbekistan/Ukrainian mix, so this is food my mom cooks so perhaps I'm a bit of a tougher critic. 

Inside seating was a bit tight, but warm and cozy. 
The service that time was OKAY a little bit slow, and we ended up being there for more than an hour, but worth the wait. 

The Tandoori bread that they serve with the meal is amazing, and typically served warm. 
The mushroom soup is also equally delicious. 

As a main dish I ordered the Vareniki with potatoes (small dumplings with potatoes topped with butter and onions. 
It tasted so freshly made and authentic. I would give that dish 5 stars. 

     However, the second time (reason for 4 stars and not 5) I came my boyfriend and I went on a friday night. 
We did not make reservations and I walked in asking for a table for two. The waitress looked me up and down and said in a sort of snotty voice "we only have outside seating". I said that was fine, and she took us to what appeared to be plastic tables outside on the patio. 

Sitting outside is less than desirable, its a bit noisy especially if its a busy friday night as Bustleton ave is right outside. 

I ordered the Manti. The bread still came fresh and hot, however the Manti tasted a bit old and stale. Like it was in the freezer for a while and then quickly defrosted. The meat was also a bit tough, not moist as it should be. The service was also not the greatest but they get the job done.

I would come back here for the bread alone , and to give the other dishes a try. 

Also be aware of the extra "service charge" they put in. I honestly don't understand why they do this.
I have not had a lot of Russian food before so I didn't know what to expect, but I had heard good things from friends before. From the city it was about a 35 minute drive.

The restaurant is very large, with covered patio seating and a quaint looking inside. It is byob and we brought beers. It seemed they had wine bottles but I didn't see it on the menu.

The menu is quite large and we wanted to try a lot of items. Everything can be shared easily as the portions are large, and the price is cheap. It can be like a more fun version of tapas. We got the following:

-Assorted pickled veggies
-Eggplant salad*
-Kutab: a pancake with feta and spinach*
-Vareniki: potato dumpling
-Chicken*, lamb, beef shish kebobs
-Beef stroganoff*, in a mushroom sauce with mashed potato and carrot slaw
-Rice pilaf, with roasted carrots and meat on top
-Dessert: Baclava and Napoleon*

The *s are for the ones I thought were the best and would order again. Having not had Russian food before though, I really enjoyed everything. I will say it wouldn't be great for vegetarian or vegans. The eggplant dish was great, and there are other vegetarian salads, but the hot dishes don't contain a lot of vegetarian options.

For service, we had some mix up on our order, but it was all sorted out at the end and we didn't complain. It was not perfect, but the server was nice.
Service was ok but boy was the food but so good !

Don't get the roasted chicken unless you want oily food... But the rice dishes, sous, and samsa was incredibly tasty

Won't break the bank either!
I love this place for lunch or dinner. A must every time is the eggplant salad & the freshly made bread. It is a BYOB. They have a large parking lot in the back of the restaurant. There is also a beautiful patio for outdoor dining. Service is on the slow side, you are usually there at least an hour, so keep that in mind if you are in a hurry.
My husband is from Tajikistan, one of Uzbekistan's neighboring -stans. He took one look at the menu and announced that we were going!

When we arrived, we discovered that the back parking lot was packed and about 90% of our fellow patrons were speaking Russian, so we were immediately optimistic, and Uzbekistan did not disappoint. 

It was really hard to order - so many beloved foods on the menu, and at such reasonable prices! We eventually decided on:

* Lepyoshka (bread), which was piping hot, crusty on the outside, and soft inside. My husband was in heaven - residential ovens in America simply cannot mimic the delicious breads that emerge from the family tandoor back home.
* "Korean" carrot salad, which as far as I know is not actually Korean, but is delicious. I hate raw carrots and I can't get enough of this salad, that is how good it is.
* Ukrainian borsch. The best borsch I have ever eaten was made for one of my college Russian classes by our Ukrainian professor. Uzbekistan's did not top - or even equal - his, but it was delicious and authentic.
* Goluptsi, or stuffed cabbage, a favorite of our kids. I prefer it with ground beef, rather than chicken, but it was tasty anyway.
* Pilov Samarkand - my husband has been craving plov since moving to the Philly area because I've never got the hang of cooking it and he doesn't have time. This was a very authentic and delicious Central Asian pilaf, very similar to what his mom and sisters-in-law cook, with the extra bonus of being lamb (they usually use beef, because it's cheaper.)
* Lamb shish kebab - not as tender as my husband's but very tasty
* Lamb rib kebab - super rich due to the fat content
* Lula kebab - a blend of ground lamb and beef, also rich and delicious

To add to the fun, we were seated in the garden and there was a large party nearby with live folk music (Russian, Irish, and something else). It was a great evening and we look forward to many more!
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Get the BREAD!!! Out of all the things I ate here my taste buds still remember the hot fresh bread. I had bought organic jam earlier that day at the Philadelphia flower show and just so happened to have it on me.

This place good for large groups and because its pretty much in the burbs parking is not a problem. I'd recommend asking the waiter for suggestions if you are not sure what to get. All the kabobs are delicious.
Welcome at Uzbekistan! - only double-landlock restaurant on all East North Philadelphia! 

Here on Uzbekistan! we solo use most fine part of yak. No listen widespread rumor torture and arbitrary arrest, our noodles stroke hand gently by happy baking man, making sure keep bathroom clean! even glory holes smelling in like onion. 

Invented by enemy of Uzbekistan! Rice Pivlav good. Special stew to goodbye Aral Sea. Five Star Good! Try masturbating cow!
I've been to Uzbekistan a few times mostly on weekends but a couple times on weekdays.  A couple of things you should know about this place.  It's a Russian establishment (Russian, Ukrainian, all the "stan" countries cuisine) in the Russian section of Northeast Philly.  Russians are not known for their service but it's not terrible.  If you require excellent service to enjoy your food - don't go here.

If you don't mind people not smiling at you - go here the food is great.

Get the shish-kabobs, Ukrainian borsch, rice pilaf but really everything is good.

Friday and Saturday nights can get very crowed and loud and dressy.  Go during the day on weekends or on weekdays.  

Food = 4.5
Service = 3
Decor = 4
This place is incredibly comfortable, warm, and the food was delicious. I strongly recommend making reservations but the staff is incredibly understanding and accommodating.

It was a little confusing to find the entrance into the restaurant itself. We had to walk around the side of the building and into the outdoor seating area. We came in to find a person to speak to about a table and there didn't seem to be an actual hostess stand.

Once we sat down, it was wonderful. They don't look to rush your meal like some places. They explained the portion sizes and the food was magnificent. It did take us a little while to get our check but the place was so busy so that is to be expected. Definitely plan to come back but with reservations.
I love love love this place.  I have lived in Uzbekistan and  am familiar with the cuisine, which incidentally is equal to and probably better than the food in the actual country.  The outside area is absolutely gorgeous and there always seems to be just enough space to get a table.  
The price are more than reasonable for the quantity and the quality of the food here.  We always feel like we have gotten a good value after eating here.  
The service is hit and miss, so I wouldn't go there in a rush... But overall am usually satisfied with the service and never feel rushed.  
It's also usually quite interesting to watch the other folks as they celebrate their landmark occasions.  Uzbekistan is also BYOB...so know before you go...
For a journey into another land, come to Uzbekistan....
Best restaurant in NE Philly!!! I am always satisfied every time I go here. Food comes out in 10 minutes, no matter how busy they are. All salads and soups are always fresh and deliciously made. I love the interior as well because it adds the spark to the whole restaurant. Desserts are to die for! They make the cakes themselves which you have to try!!!
HOLY MOLY THIS PLACE IS SO FUN AND DELICIOUS!!!!!! Try all the salads and the meat sticks and the dumplings and the tandoori bread. Everything is so good. The best part is the people you will find eating around you. They were huge groups of people sitting around tables in the tent an inside dining FOR HOURS. Each table had SEVERAL whole bottles of top shelf liquor they BYOB'ed. And the whole group kept getting up to go smoke cigarettes, leaving the table, and then coming back all at once to keep enjoying their meal. 

BRING A GROUP AND BRING A LOT OF LIQUOR. I can't wait to go back and float into a delicious vodka and lamb fueled ecstasy.
Service still sucks!!!!!!  Waitresses are beyond clueless. Food is ok.. The beef stroganoff is different every time I go in. No consistency what so ever except for the crappy service and long wait time.
Oh, Uzbekistan, I never knew a restaurant could be both bewildering and enchanting!

As the service is slow, take it easy on the sugary kompot and play "Mystery Science Theater" with the absurd Eastern European television programs silently glowing in the background.

The kebabs and palov were delightful, but take warning, eating too much meat here may induce feelings of blurry drunkenness.
Uzbekistan is you authentic Uzbek cosine place. The place basically consists of very small dining tables a blasting loud Russian music channel. The food is generally tasty, that is of course when they do not forget to bring you what  you have ordered. In my opinion they are greatly understaffed which creates very annoyed customers constantly begging for waiters attention. If you go there try to get there in the early evening b'c you may not be able to get a table. The do make some nice dishes, and prices are generally very low. We stopped going there b'c of a very poor service and very loud tv on the wall.
This place is so cheap and wonderful!! I loved basically everything that we ordered that night. The kabobs, Moscow fish,  tomato salad, borscht soup, manti, bread, baklava, and neopolitan. All of it - loved loved loved. I really wanted to try the plov because i was told that it's pretty tasty, but it was sold out for the evening. So sad!! I guess next time bc i will for sure be back.

They get pretty packed on the weekends so don't forget to make a reservation!
So I'm actually from Uzbekistan (The Country) and my family makes food all the time. I stumbled upon this place by accident and I fell in love instantly. The food is close to, if not authentic. Its hard to find authentic Uzbekistan places but this place is good. The food was amazing, and cheap. No complaints there. Lost a star because it's hard to know where to go to get proper service. When I found the counter they looked confused so it was a little awkward. Service was okay I can't complain because I took my food Togo since I was working. If you're from/near the Brooklyn, NU area there is a place Called Nargis the food is also really good Uzbek food there. Also really good prices.
Absolutely love the food and atmosphere. I'm so thrilled they finally paved the center of the parking lot :)

The shish kabobs are MUCH better here than at Lava. So is the sauce and potatoes and service. The red sauce they serve with the kabobs is amazing. I love the black tea and borsht and bread. Everything  here is perfection.
I live two minutes from this restaurant and have passed it for years. It has now become a regular spot. The food is absolutely amazing. Do not be intimidated, there is something for everybody. I love the rice, all skewers, borscht, salads, bread, literally everything. Carrot salad is also a favorite, and i love the beef stroganoff and stuffed cabbage as well. Food is relatively inexpensive, and it's quality. Be warned, service is very slow. Go here,you won't regret it!
Been there at least 50 times took many many people over the years walked in with another couple with never been there got seated in a really nice table this other clearly Russian couple came in demanded our table and they had a us move but since it it just occurred we didn't really care so we moved well this was this other couples first time there and the food was some was good some was terrible and we told them that the stuff cabbage was really terrible we sent most of the back at the end of the day and you know what they charged us for it anyway we tell them we don't take onions raw onions on any plates that came out with raw onions we send them back okay this other couple they wanted a potato pierogies absolutely no Spice in the potato whatsoever and of course we also told them that I didn't appreciate being bumped it's a 4-person table you took us out for these two people at least without  or even this couple saying thank you so needless to say after all these years going there since they opened we're not going back
Yoqimli Ishtaha means enjoy your meal in Uzbek and believe me you will when you visit this delightful BYOB Iin the far notheast section of Philadelphia. It is apparent from the number of Russians who frequent this establishment that the food is authentic. As such, reservations are highly recommended on the weekend as inside space is small with limited seating. They do have a charming covered patio area, decorated with twinkling white lights, that is lovely on warm evenings, but that fills up quickly as well. One small drawback due to the popularity of this restaurant is that service can be slow.  Also, wish they would get rid of the t.v. as I find it a distraction. IMHO, the only places that should have televisions are sports bars. However, my family and I have never been disappointed when dining here as food is well prepared and an exceptional value. Portions are large so be prepared to share.

 The first thing we always order is the divine homemade tandoori bread which is soooo good, we usually order two loaves. Served hot with a crisp crust and a soft interior, it is the perfect accompaniment to anything on the menu. Our past meals have included the Lagman Soup consisting of meat, assorted vegetables, and noodles in a rich both - good anytime but especially satisfying when there's a chill in the air. Starters are usually followed by several servings of dumplings which may include Manti, large beef filled dumplings drizzled with butter and served with yogurt, or my personal favorite, Hanum, savory dumplings with meat potatoes, and carrots topped with a tasty vegetable sauce. For entrees the leg of lamb, braised to a falling off the bone tenderness is a standout as well as Chahohbili a hardy nicely spiced Georgian chicken and vegetable stew. The only dish we did not like was the veal tongue as we found it to be too tough. 

No visit to Uzbekistan is complete without an order of kebabs which I think are some of the best in the city! We always order several skewers and these are some of our favorites   -- Lamb and Lamb Ribs, rich lambie goodness in every bite without being overpowering;  Beef Skirt Steak; Lula Kebab, ground beef and lamb with spices, similar to a Middle Eastern kofti;  Veal and Veal Liver, not overly gamey with a nice charcoal taste and a creamy texture,, and Chicken Hearts, yes, we love organ meat.

And, for the finale honey cake and a pot of black tea.

So get your Russian/Uzbek on, grab a bottle of wine or vodka, and enjoy the fare..
I've been driving past this place for ever and was excited to finally check it out. 

I love the interior! There is a huge outdoor area that you would think would be ice cold on a day when it's 15 degrees out, but to my surprise the room was toasty warm and bey comfortable. We still opted to eat inside. There are beautiful archways through the building that you usually see Spanish style design. The building gives you the feeling that you have been wished away into another place and I live that!

Tea was served in beautiful tea cup and teapot set and the sugar bowl had dried fruit mixed in with the sugar. Interesting combo.

We tried a few different things. The eggplant salad looked beautiful but had a seasoning in it that I did not care for. My friend loved it and was happy to keep the late to herself.

The Cherburak was filled with deliciously flavored meat but was very deep fried. I asked if I could get a kabob with the meat blend but was told no so we picked away the fried outside. The sauce that this came with was delicious. It reminded me of Mexican salsa.

Next we ordered potato dumplings. They arrived with a sour cream dipping sauce that was delicious. I think I have a thing for Russian condiments! There were also crispy onions sprinkled generously on top which added a great layer of flavor.

My favorite was the bread. It arrived at our table hot and was the perfect doughy blend of yumminess.

I'm not sure that this cuisine will be a favorite of mine but I would go back for ambiance of the place and try some other things. 

Important note, tip is included on your check. It's not easy to determine this because it's hand written but fortunately my friend was aware of this practice. In a fairly generous tipper so they probably got less from me then they would have if I tipped on my own.
What a pleasant surprise.  
I've actually been to Tashkent, Uzbeksitan but wasn't sure what to expect.

My party shared pickled mushrooms, tomatoes/onions salad, and bread.  
Pickled Mushrooms and Bread are an absolute must. 

My friend and I share Pilav and Manti and we each ordered 1 chicken and 1 lamb kabob. 
The kabobs are a MUST.  

Everything was delicious but if I were to go back, I think i'll get the bread, pickled mushrooms and a couple of kabobs.
Food is inconsistent. Some dishes were good others weren't. It's not worth it for the price! I went here on my birthday too so you can imagine how I felt. The pulov was almost the same you get at all three places I am going to mention except it wasn't. It was sloppily cooked. The Caesar salad Was not fresh at all. ( I would never ever get that but one of my friends got it) we asked for green tea but got black instead(?? Whatever I didn't say anything) I went to ZAHAV, shish kabob place, and here all within one week because I LOVE middle eastern food. I have to say out of the three Shish kabob is the cheapest and best tasting! This  place might look nice but shish kabob is much better for the food! Save your money Go there instead!
This place is usually packed so plan accordingly. There's a lot of parking in the back but it does fill up. There is outdoor seating as well as the nice indoor layout they have. The food quality is 6 out of 5 stars to be honey but the service is a 3 at best. The place is packed because of how good the food is but the service should be better. I understand it is very busy but you should be adequately staffed for that rather than use it as an excuses. Everything on the menu is great regardless of what you choose. The prices are very reasonable as well for the amount of great food you get. The pros outweigh the cons and therefore I must still recommend this place :)
Other Yelp reviewers have done a fine job of describing the ambiance and atmosphere of this unique restaurant, so I'm skipping right to the food!

Our group of three enjoyed an absolutely delightful lunch here last week.

We sampled these items from the menu:

Tandoori bread - Crusty on the outside, moist and fluffy on the inside
Cheburek (a fried turnover filled with meat, herbs, and onions)
Samsa with meat (A baked pastry filled with juicy chopped lamb, onions, and herbs)
Green Borscht (meat broth with [sorrel leaves], potatoes, veal, and herbs)
Salad with lettuce, tomato, and cucumber in a light dressing with dill
Chahohbili (Georgian style chicken stew). The sauce was a blend of chopped tomatoes and herbs, slow-cooked. The chicken was so tender. The flavor and texture of this dish was just perfection.
Beef shish-kabob
Napoleon - so light it could practically float off the table.

I tried a bit of everything listed above except the shish kabob. (Our server was kind enough divide the green borscht into two servings.) 

What impressed us about these dishes - in particular, the Green Borscht and the Chicken Stew - was the complexity of flavors. Sauces and broths were rich and meaty, and various herbs, such as cilantro, cumin, or dill, were prominent in each of the dishes. Even the two chopped meat pastries - the Cheburek and the Samsa - were distinctly varied from each other, featuring different meats and herbs. The aromas of the dishes were heavenly. We don't know who was at the stove, but everything sure tasted as if someone's marvelous grandmother was in the kitchen making homemade magic.

My husband is fond of Napoleons and ordered one for dessert. It was large enough for the three of us to indulge. Russian/Eastern European Napoleons are a bit different than the typical bakery treat with the same name. They are often very lighter, crispier, and more delicate and ethereal, and the layer(s) of filling are thinner. We highly recommend them! 

Our server was very sweet and helpful.

The prices were unbelievably reasonable for such marvelous food!

We look forward to returning and trying other items on the menu.
I've been to Uzbekistan a handful of times and have always had a nice experience. I usually order the shish kebobs and a few sides. They are like small plates and pretty inexpensive. It's nice to try a bunch of different plates without having to commit to one dish. The staff has always been pleasant and the atmosphere is beautiful. The outdoor space feels like you're eating in a beautiful garden and the restaurant feels like you're stepping into another country.
After reading such an amazing reviews, we decided to stop by for lunch here, on the way from Atlantic City to DC. 
It was a mother's day. So i expected it will be pretty busy. We called ahead of time and made reservation for 6 people. When we arrived we could not find anybody to help us. No hostess!!! Just 2 very busy, running girl - waiters, who just looked at us and did not say a word. Its took us about 15-20 minutes to find someone who can have us seated! The menu selection is great! The price is more than reasonable! You get a get plate of yammy salad for like $6.50!!!! We dont see this prices here in DC! The plov was amazing! Kebob... So-so, I would not order it again! My main concern is that we had to wait enormous amount of time for someone to come in , take order, bring drinks and then food. We waited for our food for like almost 2 hours. All together its took us almost 3 hours to have a "quick" lunch! Complete under stuff!!!! Full restaurant, and only two waitresses! So come here when you have tons of time!!!! Because of this i am taking one star off! I wanted to take off one more (thats how bad the wait was) but decided to keep it for amazing plov, delicious salads, and super affordable prices! Management!!! Please hire more people!!!!!!!!!
Pricey but the food is absolutely incredible. Will absolutely be back and will definitely take friends. Very fresh and flavorful
This place has a great menu, great service and the prices are reasonable. At least 10 soups, 10 salads and so many entree choices, you can't go wrong. I've had about half the menu and have enjoyed every bit of it. I highly recommend you try this place. It's also great for late night. The shish kebabs are amazing, especially the chicken and sea bass. Call ahead on Saturday nights. Enjoy!
Similar to another review posted; this review is about the overall experience: Food is ok, service is non-existent.

The bread is out of this world, the rest "meh".  So I am a Russian guy, citizen for past 30+ years; so don't rush to call Homeland Security or ICE, just yet.  I am not a big fan of Russian food in general, but Uzbek and similar regional food is typically very good. Visiting the area with an American co-worker, figured I introduce this guy to some ethic food.

Food: Again, bread was excellent. We proceeded to order a bunch of different items; some were ok, some were good and some bad.  The kabobs; which is why I came here, were all overcooked and under seasoned.  The lamb didn't have the typical regional marrinade; tasted like unseasoned small cubes of lamb put on a skewer to cooked to death.  Cheburek was very good and cooked perfectly.  The rest of pelimemi, potatoes and apps/sides were decent size; but none tasted any good.  

Service: I am pretty sure there are some family members in the staff, but overall seems that no one really knows what the heck is going on.  Food was dropped off randomly, no one ever checked on us and getting the bill took forever.

Overall: Unfortunately, there was not a single element of the visit that would lead me to making a return visit.  There is another similar place in the area, I guess we'll try that one next time.
My son has mentioned Uzbekistan numerous times. He chose it for his birthday dinner last night.  Having Russian/Western European heritage, I expected heavy food and much bloating. I was delightfully surprised.
As a party of 7 (who tasted everything), 3 of us ordered beef stroganoff--accompanied with real whipped potatoes and a salad. Others had kebabs that we tried and enjoyed. Lamb ribs, bread, varenikis were all a delight. 
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I can tolerate a little delay with service. It didn't affect my enjoyment in the least. All the staff were pleasant and helpful.
My wife--a light eater--wolfed down her stroganoff and varenikis. We agreed that we had to return and try other items that called to us from the menu.
My son ordered the chicken (stew, I think).
In all, a great introduction to a new restaurant with an enticing menu to explore.
While the Cold War is long over, a visit here is set to take you back behind the Iron Curtain. Uzbekistan is a place where Russian is the mother tongue and where friends from the old country gather to share a drink and stories of times gone by. 

The decor is thick and robust, with chunky wooden doors and mahogany tables to match. Function, before form. Function, before form. 

Russian television plays on the screens, and you can't help but ask yourself, is Big Brother watching me?

The food served here is hearty and laden with butter; engineered to keep you well insulated for the cold Central Asian winters.

First out, the Eggplant salad with walnut and pomegranate, tasty, yet saturated with more oil than remains in the Caucacus. Next, came the spinach and feta pancakes, rich in flavor, but soaked in a (Black) sea of butter. Finally, came the steamed meat dumplings topped with fried peppers, and paired with a side of sour cream like sauce. Enjoyable? Yes. Memorable? Nyet.

Saying that, I really do appreciate this place. Though much more for the cultural experience, than for the culinary one. 

-SZ
This place was freaking delicious. While the restaurant itself was a little crowded and there was not much time to wait, there is ample parking in the back lot and we were ushered to their heated outdoor pavilion that probably gets used for catering events.  

Recommendations: 
Chebureki and the Samsa - both hot, juicy pockets of pastry filled with savory and flavorful meat and onions. 

Chicken kebab - flavorful and tender 

Lagman kavurma - good homemade noodles stir fried with red pepper and beef, almost like a Lo mein

Vareniki - potato dumplings with fried onions - huge serving!

Stuffed cabbage - comes with 4 steamed in a tomato sauce and stuffed with meat and rice

Additionally, it was beyond cheap. Huge plates with entree prices under 10. Overall, very impressed!
Amazing family dinner at Chaikhana Uzbekistan. Well worth the drive out of the city for a little foodie adventure.

I can't even begin to list the amount of food that we got...but I will give you my absolute favorites!

The red borsch is some of the best I've ever had. Great home cooked taste. I could eat gallons of it. The beef was perfectly tender as well. 

Vareniki potato dumplings were tasty. Basically like perogies. 

As an entree I got the Chahohbili.... a delicious chicken/stewy concoction that rocked my world.


Go with a big group and order a lot! It was great to try a bunch of everything.
First time trying this place. Came with my family for lunch. The food was fantastic and service was good. We were seated right away. We chose to sit outside. The waitress greeted us and took our drink orders. Came back in about 5 minutes with our drinks and took our food order. Our food came out pretty quickly. Overall the food experience was pleasant until we received our check. The bill didn't add up. They charged us an extra $10 so we asked the waitress. She said the $10 included taxes and a service charge. So we said we added on the tip? She said it was a service charge. We said for what? She said that's what they do. We paid by credit and my husband noticed that the $5.60 (10% of the bill)  was a pre-tip amount. What the heck is a pre-tip? Anyway, my husband was so annoyed that he didn't leave any extra. We are the type that leave 20% tip. They missed out. 

Would we eat here again? Yes but probably take out.
The food is very good. One of the best quality food for the price. The place is a little small. But this is not a  4-5 star restaurant. The food quality, I would say, is on the level of the high 3 star going to 4 star restaurants. They actually have two restaurants, another one is across the street, it is more comfortable but requires reservation in a week advance. Most people just order take-outs.
This is a great place, you just need to be less ignorant and be more patient.  If you want a 4 star service then go to the 4 star restaurant.
Food is great and they have ample outdoor seating year-round (enclosed and heated in winter months). If you're not very adventurous, don't worry, you can still get lamb/chicken skewers, chicken soup with meatballs and salads. However, definitely venture out and try the Borscht soup!

Service was rather slow, even on a Saturday during lunch. Best to come here when you have ample time to enjoy and aren't in a rush to be somewhere.
Very authentic, just like Mom would make.  Great for groups. BYOV.  For large groups (10+) they ask you to preorder which is genius because the food's already there when you arrive and the waiters don't have to scramble and take forever to take everyone's order-everybody wins.

These were all delicious:
*Ukranian borscht 
*Kharcho (hearty stew)
*Olivie Salad
*Pickled herring w potatoes and onions.
*Kabobs!  the Lula kabob (ground lamb) was especially good
*Stuffed cabbage
*Bread - warm and poofy
I took my gf here on Saturday, 5/21, for dinner, and we had a good time.  It is a BYOB and there is no corking fee, so feel free to bring whatever booze you like.  It was pretty packed on Saturday night, so I was lucky I made a reservation, and I suggest you do so as well. 

The ambiance was very nice, and the servers pleasant.  There are plenty of TV monitors around the dining room showing Eurovision, or other international TV. Because it was packed with both grownups and children, the service did slow down over the course of the evening.

We started off with the bread (Awesome!!), the Pecan (chicken) salad, and the Eggplant salad.  All very tasty and sizable. The mushroom soup, afterwards, I thought was excellent and very mushroom-y, but my gf thought it was too thin in consistency and needed more potatoes/barley. We followed this with chicken and lamb rib kebabs. They were cooked nicely and served on the skewer with a tomato salsa/sauce on the side. I really liked the lamb ribs, but they were a bit small in size. The chicken was perfect. I'll be sure to order more ribs next time.  We finished up the meal by trying the cherry dumplings with black currant jam. I had been told they were really good, and you get 6 or so decent sized dumplings.  There were more like 14 dumplings on the plate. If you like cherry pie, you will like this.  I thought it was just okay. 

All in all, the food is well prepared, extensive, and tasty. I would totally come here again, but perhaps on a different night of the week.
I really debated on whether or not to give Uzbekistan 4 or 5 stars but decided to go with 4. I'll start with the pro's; my two friends and I went on a Monday night and were delighted by the decor, both outdoors and in, it has a very charming "old world" feel. A HUGE plus for us was the fact that Uzbekistan is a BYOB. We ordered a variety of appetizers, the Olivie salad, borscht (both red & green) and one entree per person. All in all, everything was delicious, however I was not a fan of the Georgian-style chicken stew (I'm quite the spice wimp - it had a considerable kick to it), but my friends loved it. The best part was that for all the food we ordered, our bill was less than $60. The only thing that I can really say deterred me from giving Uzbekistan 5 stars was a.) the fact that I drove by the parking lot(s) 3 times before figuring out which one to park in (fyi - it doesn't matter) and b.) the service, albeit they were very nice, was a little slow/negligent with small things (making suggestions, water with our wine, offering dessert, etc). That being said, I will be definitely be back and I would highly recommend Uzbekistan for a date night and to friends who aren't afraid to try new & different cuisine!
It's its great way to get immersed in Eastern European food culture! Great quality for a good price. Definitely worth the trip :)
A very nice Russian and Uzbek cuisine. Outstanding price performer.
I would always rate the restaurant based on food but this time i have to give one star due to poor service . Servers are all over the place not organized, after waiting for 45 min , it took us asking three busboys to get a server to come and take our order, and took another 30-45 min to get our food.. and, they missed my order.. im not going to ask or order again since it will take another hour, it was very confusing servers bringing random food out and asking tables if they had ordered the food, seriously they had no idea who ordered what

Upside was that the food was okay.. but after filling up on hot bread and butter, cuz we were so hungry.. made the other food  meh 

  Im writing this while waiting 20 plus minute waiting for our check.. smh ‍ i would like to get out now
The food is Great and cheap, the waitresses are a little confused, but that's the charm of the place. I would recommend to friends.
My family has been coming to Uzbekistan for all birthdays, special events and celebrations and we have never had a bad experience. The service is great, and very accomodating for my elderly grandparents and large family gatherings.

My grandfather lived in Uzbekistan and he believes the food is authentic and spot on. Everything here is extremely flavorful, and the meat is always fall-off-the-bone tender. Our family always orders the large hachipuri (must call to order ahead) which is a crazy greasy cheesy indulgence, but then we split it up and everyone has leftovers for the week. It is amazing!

We also love the chebureks, manti, and of course, the kebabs. Lula and chicken are my favorites, but I have also enjoyed the chicken liver and salmon in the past.

I visited their competitor Samarkand last weekend, and the food just couldn't compare. Definitely come to Uzbekistan for the heavenly food and good service!
If you are looking for Uzbek (east of middle east) food with a russian twist, the place is for you.  If you are looking for service that is good and fast, go somewhere else.  Big orders will get mixed up and will take a long time to get to you, even if you are ordering things that are commonly ordered.

There is no spot in the restaurant or on the terrace where you can have an intimate meal, you will hear music and/or other patron everywhere.

On the other hand, if you come there with friends and fully enjoy the fact that the place is BYOB, it is one of the best buys.

PS:  The service at the old location (at strip mall) is even slower now.
The food is great, and it reminded me about my home city Samarkand. If I m back in Philadelphia I m definitely stopping by. Their home made flat non ( leposhki ) is the best. Only one thing they can do is not to mix beef and lamb in so many dishes, some people who doesn't eat lamb they can't try the dish. Aslo i wish they served  beer in the restaurant. Overall its a good family restaurant.
Seriously? This place is delicious!! Also, the prices are ridiculously cheap!! The downside is that the service is super super slow (both times, we were waiting and waiting and waiting for someone to take our orders and then for someone to take our checks - you basically have to flag someone down) so I'd recommend it if you have time to spare, but not if you're in a rush.

Now the food. Their salad with tomatoes and a lemon dressing is wonderful! The greens are fresh and the dressing tastes home made. Also, it's the size of a dinner salad. We also got the home made noodles (so delicious!!) with some kind of beef stew on the top and the kabobs. Both the shrimp and the beef were delicious!

Most importantly, though, they have the best baklava I've ever had!! If you're planning on getting dessert, this is a must try!

Also, they have a nice outdoor dining area which is beautiful!
Wow, great place and great food!!!This was the first time we went to this place.   Based on the reviews. I was a bit worried about the service.  To my surprise we had great service, and as i said before the food was excellent.   I spoke with who i believe was the manager,  when she asked me how we found out about the place,  i said Yelp,  and told her of my reservations based on the reviews of service,  she explained on the weekends the plane gets packed and the kitchen can't always keep up with the orders.   I guess if you expect to wait,  you'll be prepared.   We will definitely return,  and I'll be sure to bring some friends too
The best thing about this restaurant is the fresh warm bread they bring out in the beginning.  Unfortunately everything else was sub-par.  The soups were bland, the salads barely had any dressing on them, and the lamb was nicely burned.  I did enjoy the dessert and i can say the waitresses worked very hard and were super sweet.  Unfortunately, I can not say the food was anything great.
The service sucks and food is very oily and wasn't fresh . Was looking to eat homemade Russian food which I grew up with but this was not it definitely don't recommend it ! Yes the waitress to make sure that the shish kebab was well done because I am pregnant she brought me a raw chicken pretty much. On  top of that offered us a salad and bread not telling me that it's going to be an extra $25 on my bill and when I got the bill it was shocking so why would you offer me bread and salad and I told Me that it cost extra money
I was a little hesitant to come here, because I wasn't sure if I would like the food.  I'm so glad that I did come because it was soooooo good!  The service was good, and servers were friendly. My husband and I ordered a variety of different things, and everything was excellent. The vareniki with potatoes, manti, and samsa were soooooo good! My husband also got a few kabobs that were excellent.
I LOVE this place. A friend and I walked into this place a few years ago. I grabbed a menu at the door and was immediately intimidated because it was in Russian so we turned around and started to walk out. All of a sudden we heard someone call out and ask why we were leaving. I kind of laughed a bit nervously and explained I wouldn't have the first clue what to order. He said don't worry, come. So we sat down and dish after dish of AMAZING food came out. After we had bread, soup, kabobs, potatoes, salads....I thought wow! This is amazing I'm so full! To my surprise, the main course came out! We were scared thinking wow this bill is gonna be huge. We ate and waited for the bill. I could not believe my eyes when I saw it. The food was not only amazing, but everything was reasonably priced. Needless to say, I've taken my family, my friends, everyone to this place. You won't be disappointed! 

Btw, turns out the "guy" who called us back was the owner! I really appreciate that he took a second to call us back and help us have a really nice evening and experience all that Uzbeki food has to offer. :)
We go to this place with my family at least 10 times a year and have a great time, went today with my mom and sister, were sat and then ignored for 25 minutes, no hello, water anything. We tried to flag down a server and the room was only 1/4 occupied and just one larger table that was already served outside.  We decided to leave after we couldn't get any service, it sucks because I really like this place but my mom will never come again.
It is a neighborhood gem.  Tasty food reasonable price and very traditional Uzbekistan food.  Eggplant salad and dumpling are really highlighted dishes . BYOB is a huge plus for local people.  One star off is that those waitresses are less attending possible because their English are relatively limited and their check is already added 10% tip.  Overall a great place to enjoy home cooking of middle Asia.
I wish someone would have told me how amazing Uzbek food was. The foods served at Chaikhana were truly gourmet, and of good quality. If only I would have known earlier...

My husband & I ordered to share: 1) Ukrainian Borscht, 2) Lagman, 3)Manti, 4) Beef & Lamb Kebab, 5) Uzbeki Bread. My husband loved the borscht so much, and so did I. It was delicious! Lagman was interesting but not my most favorite, and reminded me of an Asian noodle soup. Manti was an Uzbek version of steamed dumplings w/ a twist (w/ sour cream dipping) - tasty but not my most favorite. Beef & Lamb kebabs are to die for! The most juiciest, savory kebabs I have ever eaten. And that uzbeki bread - WOOOOW! Please do order that wonderful bread w/ your soup. 

Service was wonderful. Our waitress was very attentive, and friendly. It was delicious, and if I ever decide to travel to Pennsylvania again in the near future, I would come back here for the borscht, bread, and kebabs! Highly recommended!
After a slow and monotonous 40 minute cab ride from Penn's Landing, we finally made it to this relatively unknown gem in Northeast Philly.

We seated ourselves in the patio and a couple of minutes later placed our order - Lula Kebab, Manti and Plov. The food took a little longer than expected but I kept myself entertained but observing the diverse crowd. The table behind us had a party of about six people. Drinking, eating and drinking some more. Vodka and beer being passed around like prohibition just ended. It's was a  pleasant atmosphere to be honest.

The food finally arrived. Fresh and flavorful - you'd have to be a picky SOB not to like it.
Manti came with a little cup of yogurt and the Lula Kebab with a red sauce I didn't care too much for. The Plov was sweet and savory. Next time I'll remember to ask them the name of the rice they used.

4 stars because I think they can tweak their service just a little. It's not hard.
The restaurant building, indeed, reminds Uzbeki restaurant - with small additional buildings, shacks, and vine trellises. For full impression, one only needs topchans in the tree shade, and some aryk (irrigation channel)  nearby.

There is a decent selection of traditional Central Asian dishes - palov, shurva, lagman, samsa, manty, non. And, most important, tea, which is served based on Uzbek tradition from large chainik (tea-pot) into piyalas. There is also a good variety of Russian stuff - borsch (both Ukranian and cold), vareniki, pelmeni, solyanka, and some Caucasian dishes, like chebureki. 
Years ago I traveled a lot across Central Asian republics of USSR, so I was able to appreciate the authenticity of the dishes we ordered (shurpa, manty, tea, Korean carrot salad).  Manty were good (maybe slightly overcooked), and shurpa was excellent.  And any soup may be ordered by half of the plate!  The waitresses were  friendly and suggestive. The prices were quite competitive - we spent about $44 for 3 persons.
The atmosphere of the place was quite genuine, with many decent-looking Russian-speaking customers humming around (with some Uzbeks) and Russian TV channel 2 entertaining us with some show. I don't know if this restaurant is owned by Uzbeks or Bukhara Jews, but it represents the Uzbeki cuisine well. One should understand that since there are not so many Uzbeks in Philadelphia, that's why the restaurant has to include there Russian and Caucasian dishes.  In overall, I highly recommend this restaurant, especially taking into account scarcity of good and affordable places in Philadelphia area.  One can visit it with friends, to spend evening or celebrate some event. And don't be afraid to invite US-born Americans - they would appreciate this place!
Takes forever to even get a glass of water. They kebabs were very juicy and flavorful, the pilav on the other hand was so greasy, and the meat dry and chewy. It's a whatever experience. Really cheap though
