I cannot express how bad of an experience this place was. The manager on duty this ast Saturday evening acted like a complete jerk, so much so that I told him that to his face. I am normally a VERY understanding and calm individual, but could not help reacting to this situation. 

Here is what happened:

Arrived slightly after midnight on Saturday night, paid $10 cover each to get in with 3 friends, one of whom is pregnant.

Got upstairs, 3 of us ordered drinks, one ordered a water (aforementioned pregnant). I got a goose and club, which I paid $13 for (sucker).

We asked to be let up to the skybar. They said our friend with water couldn't go because she didn't buy a drink. We explained that the rest of us had, and that she couldn't drink, but they still refused. 

We asked for the manager. The guy WOULD NOT EVEN SPEAK TO US DIRECTLY but instead asked his employee to explain. He said that we couldn't go up, and just ignored us as we threatened to take our business elsewhere.

So we exited. Since this was within 10 minutes of us arriving, and since they were being so unreasonable, we asked for our covers back for the pregnant woman and her husband. No dice. 

Cops came and heard us out, and we're very professional (even offered to pay back the covers out of their pockets) while this total jerk of a manager just stood there and smirked. Real jerk. When we said that we were going to write reviews about this he said and I quote, "You won't matter." 

THE. WORST.
Went to Vango last night for two friends' birthdays. They spoke with the owner several weeks in advance and were promised:

1) $35 top shelf open bar for guests 10-12
2) A private bar for us
3)  Waived entry and free shots for the birthday girls

This was the reality:

1) $35 well drinks, all CHEAP liquor 10-12
2) A sectioned off part of the bar which ANYONE who was willing to pay $35 was allowed into
3) Birthday girls had to pay and were stuck drinking well drinks with the rest of us. He clearly only said this to get the girls to have their party there.

Some of our friends tried to stop in for a drink after 12 but were told they would ONLY be let in if they got bottle service. The owner even said to me earlier "If they are not willing to spend money, they should not be here." How RUDE. My friends are willing to spend money, but forcing everyone to get bottle service is completely unreasonable. 

The owner is a LIAR and a CHEAT. When I asked him why we did not get the private bar as promised, he said he never agreed to it. 

When my friends asked why it was suddenly well drinks and not top shelf, he justified it by saying "Well the other party upstairs is paying $40 so you're getting a good deal."

So basically he was ripping ALL of us off. 

The owner is a jerk who looks down on the patrons. His attitude was BEYOND unacceptable. We will never go back there again.

If you want to go somewhere where you will be ripped-off and scrutinized by the owner and most of the staff, Vango is the place to go.
I am an area event planner and helped coordinate a friend's joint bachelor/bachelorette party. I had made arrangements with the manager and followed up a couple of times leading up to the evening of the party. 

With a guest list of about 40 people pre-submitted and the word that we would have a private area reserved for us on the roof, we were ready to party! The ladies arrived, the staff seemed unsure of what was going on even though the manager I spoke with was there to greet us at the door...but we still all proceeded to go upstairs anyway. We attempted to sit on the beds on the roof and were told they were reserved for bottle service only. We were a bit peeved since there wasn't much of an area reserved for us, but we brushed it off and awaited the bachelor party's arrival...and this is the part where I say, 

"I WILL NEVER CONTACT OR SOLICIT VANGO AGAIN AND WILL BE SURE TO LET OTHERS KNOW HOW POOR THE SERVICE IS HERE" 

...they refused to let the bachelor party of 11 guys up to the roof deck, insisted they wait in line, treated us like we weren't important enough because we didn't pay to have bottle service (by the way, there was no mention that bottle service was required for us to reserve the space for our party beforehand), and pretty much let us know that if the rest of our party wasn't willing to wait, we could leave...that's about 40 people spending at least $50-$60/each on drinks, if not more. They made it clear that they didn't want our money and didn't care to accommodate us even though arrangements were confirmed and made beforehand. 

As we proceeded to leave, one of the girls in our party forgot to close out her card...she went to run back up to the roof deck and the security and staff REFUSED to let her go back up to get her card. 

Needless to say, this bar has overpriced drinks, extremely poor service, and is nothing more than a washed up club.
Kind of a long review.  For those not inclined to read the whole thing the moral of the story is their employees don't know squat, their drinks suck, they misadvertise the price of their drinks, and then they proceed to charge you more than you authorize.

My friends and I went here on a Monday night after dinner on a warm night looking to have a couple drinks while relaxing upstairs on the roofdeck.  What ensued was a less than pleasant experience.  

Getting in was quick and easy as it was a Monday night and the place was anything but packed.  We had asked the bouncer whether or not the roofdeck was open as it had rained earlier in the day and he assured us it was.  As we got upstairs though and tried to get up to the roofdeck which we were just told was open, we were informed by the guard of the stairs that it was closed for the night.  A bit disappointed, we went back downstairs to find another place to go to and as we passed by informed the bouncer at the door that it actually was not open.  Turns out, guard of the stairs is a complete idiot as we were allowed upstairs and he apparently forgot he had let apx 10 other people upstairs as well.  But fine, no biggie.

It being what was apparently Salsa night, we ordered a round of what turned out to be the worst possible Caipirinha's ever known to man.  Advertised on their menu as a $10 drink, we were charged $11 each for the drinks and given some random excuse that they incorporate the drink tax into the total per drink charge.  But fine, no biggie.  

Pay for the horrible drinks and leave to go somewhere drinks don't suck.  Look online today to find out that in addition to the charge and tip which I authorized for them to place on my card, there was an additional $3.60 charged.  Now in the grand scheme of things, I'm not going to die over $3.60, but it's the principle of the matter.  You don't charge people more than what they authorized you to do.  I pay for my bill and I leave you a tip, you do not get to give yourself additional money.  Maybe if their employees were not incompetent, and their menu reflected the actual costs of their drinks, and their drinks did not suck donkey balls I wouldn't care as much.  But you gave us a less than tolerable experience and then you steal my money!

Save your tastebuds and save your money.  Go somewhere else.
I do not give out 1 star reviews lightly. Trust me, this pathetic excuse for a high-end bar has earned it. 

Vango likes to present itself as a sophisticated urban lounge. If only the staff, management, and patrons acted like it was such a place. In reality, this place belongs on MTV's "The Shore". 

The first thing you'll encounter is a huge numb-skull bouncer who will check your ID and stare you down. If you're lucky, you'll get patted down and searched like you're entering some ghetto club - right off Rittenhouse Square! Then you can walk up to the main level, which will blare cheesy pop-hip hop till your ears bleed while you wait for a bartender to give you the time of day. Once this happens, you'll be overcharged for a drink. And you NEED that drink if you want to get up to the main attraction - the roof deck. The bartenders have different glasses for anything nonalcoholic, and another burly bouncer with no brain but a huge bright flashlight won't let you upstairs without an alcoholic drink - even if you're the designated driver for a large party! 

The city view on a nice night? Admittedly, a bright spot. But half the roof is roped-off with VIP couches for bottle service - and I don't think the surroundings justify the expense. I don't think bottle service is ever worth the expense - why? So some other saps may look longingly over at your couch and bottle on ice? Please. 

And that brings me to the crowd. Vango seems to attract guys that like to pump their chests out and strut around in shirts unbuttoned just a bit too far. And the girls? They're showing skin in a way that screams "I think I'm too sexy to talk to." A true wasteland of hangers on and wanna be achievers blowing money trying to impress each other. 

When thinking of this place I'm reminded of a Dave Chapelle skit, one where he's imitating Rick James. In character he says "I wish I had more hands, so I could give that 4 thumbs down."
I came here on a Friday night because this is one of the few spots that play my kind of music, hip-hop. We were going to do a round of drinks and check out other spots. Walked in and ran into an old friend who happened to be celebrating her birthday party so I decided to stay. Big Mistake!

Birthday girl was sitting at a table (which was not a VIP section). We ordered one round of drinks from the waitress. When the bill came, I didn't even look at it. I just paid and tipped her 20%. We've been in the industry so we always give a good/fair tip to fellow food/beverage servers. 
After the first round of vodka and tequila, me and the girls started dancing. We were ready for a 2nd round. Waitress was no where to be found so we ordered from the bartender. Paid her and tipped. The waitress finally came around. She then gave me and my friends an attitude. She said "You are not allowed to order from the bartender. You can only order from me or you can not sit at the table." Excuse me, If that's your policy, you can explain it nicely. On top of that, we weren't trying to sit at her table; we wanted to groove. AND, it's not a VIP table, we should be able to order from anyone. I'm looking at everyone that is sitting at her tables, no one was ordering drinks; they were just sitting around babysitting their one cocktail. 
I ordered a 3rd round from waitress with the attitude and this time when the bill came, I looked closely at the receipt. They automatically put 20% gratuity on their bill. THIS AIN'T MIAMI!!! This is Philly. That killed my vibe especially since her attitude was stank. I was trying to celebrate with my old friend so I put on a happy face anyway. But this whole time I've been tipping you 40% that you did not deserve
My last round I ordered from the bartender because the waitress couldn't be found- again. Tipped her cash and paid with credit without realizing that she too stuck 20% gratuity on the bill automatically also. 

Unacceptable in Philly. Unheard of in Philly. Especially in Vango... It is nowhere near fabulous in case you're wondering. Service was not good. Go to Rumor instead. They have a hip-hop room.

Goodbye Vango. You just lost a hot customer who drinks well and tips well.
Let's sum up my night.

I walked in, sat at a table and was told I needed bottle service.  Then I was told I needed 2 bottles because we had 7 people.  I said no and the waitress told me too bad I need to charge you.  I said no way, she went back and gave me my card.  2 days later i get an alert from amex that there was a suspicious 630 dollar charge on my card.  Sure enough, the stole from me.
I would recommend Vango if:

1. You love waiting in lines! You'll wait in lines to enter the bar, go up to the roof deck, for drinks, in the bathroom, complain to the owner, etc. 
2. You enjoy crappy godawful lounge music and equally crappy Top-40 mashups! No one downstairs dances because lounge music is being blasted - but there's a dance floor. And no one upstairs dances because while Top-40 hits are recognizable, there is no real dancefloor. Refer to #1, as there will be lines both downstairs and upstairs anyway. 
3. You like shitty mixed drinks and paying way too much for them!
4. You hate yourself, want everyone to know it, and want to be treated as such! The owner is a pathetic and pretentious douchebag who clearly gets off on treating ALL of his PAYING customers like dirt. Is it your birthday? So what. Are you the designated driver? Fuck off. Don't want bottle service? Goodbye! 

The owner is a self-righteous prick in need of a serious reality check. 

Yelpers, do yourselves a favor and do not patronize this awful, awful place. Ever.
When you're not from somewhere and you're looking for a place to go, you always ask the locals. This time we asked our lyft driver on the way home from dinner. . and she failed us. 

We get to the door & we were told $10 for a cover. When it comes to clubs that you can't even see / hear the "fun" happening inside. . you're kind of sketch and questionable. So we walk away and went to walk into a nearby bar. My friend goes outside for a phone call and the security guard told her that we can get in for free. So okay. .

We walk up the stairs and hear music, cool. We get to the top and well, the question "where is everyone". For us to be pushed for a cover charged .. whew. Then, when we were trying to get on the roof. . the security guard said "you must buy a drink" in order to go LOL. what? okay. My friend bought a drink. . $14 for crown and coke. . that was maybe like 6oz. A waste. . he then went upstairs and it was EMPTY. . no one. 

So basically what we got from this place is that 1) it's not popping 2) security guards try to scam you 3) the bar is a scam. . but 4) decor was nice. 

Will not be returning.
Rolled into Vango after getting a tip from the bartendress at the other spot we were at a few doors down from Vango. Our bartendress, Lauren, I believe that's her name, directed us here so we could chill and listen to some music 

Hip Hop 'til you drop in the bar/lounge area where most of the younger locals were hanging. The upstairs rooftop bar, which I guess is called Skybar, offers nice scenic city views, with beds available to be reserved with the addition of bottle service. As an alternate, comfortable benches and chairs were also available. 

Chilled. Danced. Drank. Enjoyed the view, music and drinks. No complaints.
I don't even know where to begin....well, yes I do.  My trip to Vango began by getting a full pat-down at the front door.  Seriously, four polite, well dressed people getting patted down and having bags searched on 18th St at 10:00PM on a Friday night was absurdly comical.

Even before the TSA style entrance, I had problems with Vango.  We came down with a TravelZoo voucher that was unfortunately expired, so only the price paid was still valid as a gift certificate.  We were going to get four drinks and head up to the roof, but that plan was derailed when an obnoxious bartender started screaming (literally) for her manager to come and take care of "these people with a voucher."  

The even more obnoxious manager comes over and says, you can't use that after 9:00.  I told her that there's nothing on the voucher that says that, and it's not even a promotion since we're just using what we paid for it like a gift certificate.  Her response:  "We decided to put a policy in place and there's nothing I can do for you, have a good evening," and she just walked away.  

I will forfeit the cost of the voucher, and hop on the bandwagon of Vango bashers out there to see to it that this place doesn't survive another six months.  Do Not Go Here!
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. 

I went tonight for my friends birthday. My friend purchased 3 bottles and had a VIP section on the top floor. When I get there and attempt to go upstairs the security guard says I have to buy a drink first. So how does it make sense that I have to buy a drink in order to get to my friends VIP section who has drinks? Also, the top floor has a bar you can buy drinks from. I talked to the waitress and another guy who asserted himself as a manager and they all told me the same thing that I needed to buy a drink in order to go upstairs. Not only were they dismissive but they were all rude and condescending. Utterly ridiculous. Why waste your time having a party here or going here at all when there are a number of other venues with much better service and bedside manners from employees. 

DO NOT GO HERE.
I could have sworn I wrote a review for this place but I guess it slipped my mind. Which leads us to the 2 star review. Everyone has already said what my experience was but I'll just add my two cents.

Why we left a perfectly good place to come here will always haunt me in my dreams. We got there about 12:30ish on a Saturday and the line wasn't too bad but once we got in it was way too crowded on the inside. I HATE not being able to move, LITERALLY MOVE, in a club. Since getting to the downstairs bar wasn't going to happen we made a quick turn to try and go upstairs...it HAD to be more room up there. Well I wouldn't know because the bouncer said we had to by a drink to even LOOK at the stairs.(Maybe LOOK is an over exaggeration but you get my point). Trying to explain that there is a 100% chance that I will buy a drink upstairs just to get out of this sweaty mass of hair gel and shiny shirts will get you no where. And honestly, why the F did I even HAVE to explain that. You know what? You were going to get a 2 star review until i remembered how DUMB a policy that was. Now we are down to 1.

Now I know the owner tends to get in little quips about people not reviewing this spot well, but don't even think about it until you can explain to me how you came up with such a dumb ass rule.
1. Cover fee for this rooftop bar/lounge: $20
2. Access to rooftop: only allowed if you have drink in hand (doesn't count if you've just spent a whole bunch of money on drinks on level below "rooftop")
3. Below mediocre gin and tonic: $13
4. You buy drinks JUST to be allowed access to said rooftop you already paid for upon entrance. You go up and find about only 10 feet of standing space, with reserved seatings where everyone's just sitting and smoking. No speakers outdoors to hear the music even that's basically on repeat with no effort from DJ. Unbelievable. 

What is wrong with these people that allow such a business to run like this? I'm ashamed we contributed to this business and would HIGHLY recommend staying away from rude, inconsiderate, dirty, and selfish business folks.
My experience with Vango was bad. They act like they are the most upscale place around the area just because they have a rooftop bar. They even select who can enter the "sacred" rooftop. What a way to hurt a girl's feeling if you don't get pick. To make it worse, you're only permitted to go to the roof only if you buy a drink from the level floor. After waiting for half an hour, a group us did get selected and man was I disappointed. It was not even that crowded, why the heck did they make all those people wait downstairs?! With the combination of painful feet and foul mood I left with my bf after 10 mins of being there.

I waited longer to get in than stayed in.
If you love the strong scent of desperation, then you'll love this place. You can't even look around the room, because every person you glance at will lock eyes with you and stare you down like they're sizing up their next meal. I was there with 3 other people and we all experienced it. The drinks were expensive, the music was the audio equivalent of watching an episode of "Two and a Half Men" and the general look of the patrons was last-call chic (lots of boobies, sparkles and hair product).
Oh, Vango, we are SO OVER. I thought I used to like you, with your snazzy roof deck and all. But it turns out that the roof deck is your only good feature, and sometimes even the roof deck is unpleasant when underage girls are vomiting all over. What's the point of lounging on a roof deck bed, when as soon as you get cozy there's some teenage vomit everywhere. Yeah, I'm mad. I'm mad because it didn't happen just once. It happened THREE times in a 45 minute span pre-midnight on a Saturday. Three different people vomited! On the roof deck, on the stairs, on the dance floor. Are we serious people? How old are you? No, really, how old... because I kind of felt like I was placed in a time machine that brought me back to high school, except I didn't get any younger, and I was crashing a prom queen's party. Damn there were a lot of fake tans and sequins. But here's the issue, Vango: I wouldn't have wanted to go then, and I sure don't want to go now.
This place is PUREEEEE TRASH!

DO NOT EVEN LET THE NICE DECOR FOOL YOU

On August 28th, my friend from DC came to Philly to celebrate her birthday. I said they have ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY THURSDAYS. Sponsored by Wired 96.5. We get there and not only does my sister forget her ID, but we ask to speak the manager so we can get our $25.00 deposit back. YEAH! Its your birthday thursday says free bottle of champagne and a cake, ummm no. It is 25.00 deposit for 1-4 people which is not bad. It says clearly online that you can use the 25.00 towards your tab or refund it. After two of us went upstairs to get the manager it was like 7 people on the dancefloor -_-. He agreed he would talk to us outside. We told him about my sister forgetting her ID (hoping we can work on something out). He said no and thats fine (she shouldnt have forgotton but I thought it was strange because he has like -3 people in his club but whatever). So we asked for the refund for the reserved table since we wont be using it and his direct response was "I dont handle the money". And we said "Okay.. who does?" and he said "He is in right now". So my sister says "Okay but what is his name, how can we contact him". And he turned around and said "You shouldn't even be talking to me, You don't even have your ID". 

RUDE straight rudeness. We figured whatever, he must the need the $25.00 more than us. BUT I never seen a manager act like that and not even try to help knowing that a table was reserved? It was a rip off. You couldn't pay me enough to go back.
I generally don't like to hang out in bars that:

a) appear to be sponsored by Grey Goose with the 30 or so bottles mounted on the walls with lights behind them. (don't get this confused with the fact that I like bars that feed me Grey Goose...two different things).

b) pour a gin and tonic that tastes like my toilet water and pillages my wallet.

c) have big macho douchebag bouncers.

So incase you didn't realize it, I give this place  an F.
One more update! Do you really want to spend your money at a place where the owner gets on Yelp to call his customers a liar? That is in fact what has happened as I did submit a receipt (over a month ago) and the owner has not returned my email. Please continue reading the reviews for this place and read how disrespectful the owner is to people who criticize his establishment.  There are WAY better ways to spend your hard earned money.
This place is horrific with high prices. I was there last Saturday night with a buddy of  mine. We sat at the bar to have a drink. After the first round my buddy decided to go upstairs to check it out. When he tried to go upstairs the bouncer informed him that he needed to have a drink to go upstairs. Well when he returned the bartender had already taken his glass so he asked for a glass of ice water. The bouncer told him that he still was not allowed to go up because he was only drinking ice water?!? Are you kidding me?!? Of course we see several young attractive women go up there without a drink but that is besides the point. I tell my friend let's go this is a no-class place for kids that don't know any better. That's when the bouncer decides to get in my face and threaten to kick my ass outside. Well I've outgrown this kind of testosterone driven kind of reaction and needless to say we left. Pretty scary when the bouncers are looking for a fight. Not too worry. Places like this will probably have a fight break out, someone will get hurt, and they will probably have their liquor license revoked for encouraging people to get drunk so they can go upstairs. 
Walk away people. This place doesn't deserve to be in business.
This was the worst dining experience I've EVER had in my ENTIRE life.  Let me start off by saying I was a Groupon customer.  

We made a reservation for 7:30pm at the skybar (outside) and we got seated INSIDE at 9pm!!!  And the place wasn't even crowded.  It was a beautiful Tuesday night, and the skybar wasn't  even open.  So we got drinks at the bar while waiting for eternity.  Afterwards, they told us our Groupon couldn't be used at the bar.  #1 it doesn't say that on the Groupon, and I told them I had one when we sat down, and #2 DID YOU WANT US TO STAND THERE FOR AN HOUR AND 30 MINUTES?!!?  We had to remind them we had a reservation twice. 

Once we were finally seated, we were informed since our drinks were $15 each, they weren't covered because the Groupon was only for $14 drinks.  I demanded we pay the difference (OF ONE DOLLAR), they said no, then came back and said yes and acted like they were doing US a favor.  

The food came out pretty quick.  It was OK.  Honestly, the sushi rolls were small compared to prices and other sushi experiences I've had.  The sushi just wasn't that fresh either.

We were so excited to leave until they couldn't even split the check though they took both of our cards away and said they could.  If you don't like Groupon customers, then don't DO Groupon.  

It was a horrible experience from the moment we walked into the door when no one greeted us and we just stood there like hmmm how do we get a table?  

I can't even imagine how bad service is when they're crowded if they can't even handle 7 tables.  I would never ever come back here for any amount of money.
Whewww Chile... the ghetto . 

This place is overpriced and beyond corny. Save yourself the money and time. I will never think about coming here again. Yesterday was my first and last time. The place is nice but the vibes here are just weird . Food menu was limited . Drinks were ok but overpriced.

The worst part of it all is... in order to access the rooftop you MUST order a drink from the bar on the lower level. Mind you... there's a bar on the rooftop.  

Views were a 2 on a scale of 1-5. You really only see the liberty place buildings. This really isn't a rooftop. 

Music was cool. Tbh that's the only reason why I gave them 1 star.  

"It's a no for me, dawg"
Why do I let people talk me into coming here? Why do I spend a $10 cover to have a bunch of disgusting guys rub their dicks on my ass? The bartender tried to short me $10 in change and I was not drunk enough to not notice.
If I had a pocket full of stars, I wouldn't even give this place one. I've tried this place on different nights, and every night sucked major balls. Where do I begin? I guess with the fact that it's tiny and they pack people in like a fat guy does food on Thanksgiving. Except Vango doesn't have a belt or button to loosen. Next up, the one that erks me the most, is the fact that you have to buy a drink to get upstairs. I don't mind buying drinks when I go out, but to walk into a club and be told you have to buy a drink in order to move to certain parts of the club is just plain stupid. It's like, can I have a look around and see if I even want to stay here and drink before you make me buy a drink? Sheesh. This place doesn't have a cover charge and I somehow feel I'm owed something back. Mainly my time.
Letter to owner:


Hi,
I would like to inform you that I have never experienced a bar as poorly managed at yours. Last night, a few girls and I went for the "it's your birthday Thursday" and were not satisfied with a single aspect of our night.
1. We arrived at 7pm to a completely empty restaurant. Why were we required to put down a $25 deposit when you have absolutely no business at 7pm?? Is it because you know people will leave when they see how lame it is?
2. Even though we were the ONLY one in there, it took 30 minutes for our waitress to get us a drink. So the first 30 minutes we spent alone in a restaurant with water.
3. At this point, we finally received drinks. Additional complaints: B. for $10 your martinis are ridiculously small. B. You can't bring a glass with a bottle of Guinness?
4. Now, we have drinks. However, with all three of our glass empty and STILL the ONLY people in there, our waitress ignored us for almost 1 HOUR. NO DRINKS, NO FOOD. Our waitress was just sitting at the bar. Finally, at the hour mark, my friend walked up to the bar to get her attention.
5. At 8:30pmish, we FINALLY ordered a 2nd round and food. Let me tell you. You should be ashamed of the food you serve. Apparently from other review websites, most of Philly feels this way too. The edemame were old, soggy and not served hot. The quesadillas were not hot as well. 
6. Around 9pm, you brought us our bottle of champagne and cake. Thank you for doing that without a reminder. 
7. The waitress brought us our check quickly after receiving the cake and champagne. Why? BECAUSE YOU ALLOWED ANOTHER PERSON TO RESERVE OUR TABLE. I cannot believe the waitress actually told us we would have to leave now because someone else reserved this table. WOW, you allow two people to put a deposit on the same table. Disgraceful.
8. Then we looked at our bill. Thank you for charging us $15 for uncorking our "free" bottle of champagne for my friend's birthday. Also, thank you for including a 20% tip on the bill for a party of four. I'm guessing you do that because NO ONE would tip 20% if you gave them the option. 
9. After all of this we thought we would give you one last chance: UPSTAIRS. OH WAIT. We weren't allowed up there unless we purchased another drink. The bouncer would not let us up unless we had a drink in our hand, even though we had just finished two rounds and a bottle at a reserved table that you kicked us out of. Our waitress waved to him to let us up. WOW. You should be ashamed. THERE WERE 5 PEOPLE UPSTAIRS.
10. We left promptly, and I vowed to tell everyone I know about my experience at your "restaurant/bar." I will make sure no one I ever care about spends a dime in your establishment.

Sincerely,
A VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER
We went in here on Halloween because there was no cover charge, and I always hear about it on the radio. I think we stayed for about four minutes before leaving, and we would have left sooner had my friend not already ordered a drink.

The Budlight bottle cost 6 (or 7?) dollars. 

It was really crowded, but seemed like no one was having fun.

There was a DJ, but rather than dancing, everyone was kind of facing the front watching him mix. Weird.

The upstairs was closed for VIP so I can't comment on that other than to say that I'm SO glad I'm not a VIP at this place.

It was clean. So if you are looking for a clean, expensive club, with a crowd that just stands and stares, this is the place for you.
Let me start this review off by saying that I do not know anything about the interior of this place, the kind of music they play, the drink prices, etc.

The only thing that I can say about this place is that the bouncer is a highly incompetent jerk off. I came to philadelphia to visit my old roommate. Usually when I meet up with my old college friends we like to re-live our college days i.e we like to drink a lot. Now in the past we never end up going to "nice" lounges, but as it was someones birthday we ended up stopping by after dancing the night away at 700 club. Once we get in the line, I hand the bouncer my ID. He looks at my ID, looks up at me and then refuses to let me in because "it is not me." Now being a little bit on the tipsier side of tipsy I immediately recite everything on my license with a little bit of sass rather than just showing him another ID or a credit card or something. He asked my friends what my name was and blah blah trying to verify that my license was actually me (btw I've never been told me ID was not me, even when I wasn't 21 and was using a fake...completely different story)

With some reluctance I finally am allowed in to this place however when I walked in there was something I tripped on (in my 5 inch heels) right near the door. Immediately the bouncer said I was too drunk and I couldnt get in. Yes, I was drunk but not to the point where I was sloppy or unable to control myself. I kindly told the bouncer that he should try wearing 5 inch heels. As I got escorted out by the officialness of this "wanna be new york place" I , without much mouthing off, I rested upon the side of the entrance waiting for my friends. This guy then threatened to call the cops. This is when I got pissed and refused to leave and told the guy to call the cops because I wasn't doing anything wrong. Im sorry if Im drunk do I lose my freedom of speech too? So what does he do? He rounds up a cop that is conveniently around the corner. The cop tells me to move and I asked her if I was doing anything wrong...I told her the situation (of course she doesnt care...shes just trying to do what she was told) oh but was I heated...so I refused to move. Anyways my stubbornness didnt result in anything and I eventually did leave after giving that dousche bag a piece of my mind.

I dont know if this was just an off day for this guy, but if all of the bouncers are as rude and disrespectful as him I would never EVER go back there in my life. Nor would I recommend this place (even though my friends that stayed said it was a blast). 

Being a woman of principle I have sat here and written out my lousy experience in hopes that their business will be effected. If the manager of this establishment reads this, consider hiring people that are more suitable for the job. Oh and if the guy, who is the sole reason Im writing this review, is reading this...fuck you.
Writing this review pains me.  I have been to Vango before and really got a great vibe from it.  Its chic, the music is great (although no madonna...what kind of DJ doesn't have madonna!?) and the multi levels + outdoor deck keep the A.D.Ders amused.   So I returned last night and my vibe was thrown a major curve ball.  It was a TUESDAY night, we were the only ones in there and we were feeling fun and order a  Prosecco for twelve dollar glass.  No problem.  Our friend was feeling like a baller so he's like there are three of us, it might make sense just to get the bottle...with the logic being, at twelve a glass, at most the bottle would be $100.  Forget logic.  The bottle was $200.  And if that wasn't tough to stomach, the automatic 20% gratuity they add on to it was.  $240 for a bottle of Prosecco is appalling (it retails for about $20 a bottle).   Had the bottle been delivered by an attractive waiter/ress while we are sitting on one of their plush couches then we could talk about 20% gratutity. Merely handing us the bottle while we are seated at the bar and having us refill our own glasses does not warrant 20% ESPECIALLY when the bottle is sold at 900% to cost.    I realize we are at fault for not looking at menu prices, but I honestly think that a good server would have been like hey, its actually more economical to buy by the glass.  I found that pretty crappy and sadly I'll be boycotting Vango and checking out G Lounge. O, yeah smoking is allowed at VANGO so it stinks.  Another reason to stay away.
HORRIBLE!!! No one should come here ever! The owner failed to tell me that they were close on my 21st birthday! After I paid $150 to reserve my table! After all my guest showed up! No phone call. Nothing. I showed up & the owner said sorry were close. And you can get your money back tomorrow. Totally unprofessional no one should come here! Horrible horrible horrible
Vang/Skybar Lounge is the AT&T of rooftop bars. My friend and I were excited to go, when we were promptly told we had to wait "10 minutes" for the top to clear. Fine, we sit, order hummus (barely enough food and not even good for $5), and come back after about 30 minutes. Nope, wait another 10 minutes. Really? I should describe at this point there is a strange mix of people grinding on each other and of people staring at their cellphones waiting to go to the rooftop part.

And...it's a complete disappointment. Lots of strobing lights in changing colors, weird bed like scenarios where nearly every chair is reserved. This all might have been tolerable, if you could ACTUALLY see Philadelphia! Instead, you're treated to a wonderful view of a 6-7 foot high wall. Presumably to prevent the many wasted customers from falling off. Ugh.
I came here during an event hosted by a radio station of Philly. I was on a guest list so admission was free and I was able to bring a guest in for free. Upon entering, it looked like a very decent bar. The lounge area was pretty cool, with private tables located on the side of the lounge. The dance floor wasn't that big, and the place in general was kind of small. It's classy, but there's nothing more. The drinks they serve are very general, and they are quite expensive.

One thing that really stood out of the ordinary was that they consider the venue a skybar. I generally thought of skybars as lounges that are on top of buildings overlooking a city skyline. This skybar was by far, a huge let down. It's on top of a building, but it's only 3 stories high. It has a view of the Philly skyline, but it's like a view you would have if you were on the street. They have tables, or I should say beds since they were like huge mattresses, chairs, and private areas on the roof, and a very small space that I guessed was the dance floor. Everything was wet, though. I believe it was the rain from earlier, but there were coverings above them so I didn't understand why they would be wet.

One more thing I didn't like was how anal the policies are. I went to the skybar area when I first entered, since it was empty. When I tried to go back later in the night, I wasn't allowed to because I didn't have a drink. The bouncer said I must buy a drink downstairs to be allowed upstairs, which I thought was stupid. I ended up not going back up to the roof.
i absolutely HATE this place. First: $20 cover that was paid to sexist, inappropriate, disrespectful bouncers. Weak drinks with flat soda. They only allow access to roof top with drink in hand, only so you can get up there and nothing's even happening. The last time I was there, they had some gross drunk lady swinging on the pole, which is right in the center of the venue, she knocked over drinks. As I was leaving, a different sloppy drunk was vomiting up her blue alcohol drink, right be the exit. 

DO NOT GO TO VANGO.

THIS PLACE SUCKS

BOYCOTT VANGO.

THE WORST PLACE IN PHILLY.
Random folks and I stumbled into a friend on Thursday night. He invited us all to Vango's rooftop lounge. Upstairs, after making it past security, we took in the fantastic view of One and Two Liberty Place, and relaxed in the nighttime weather. The DJ wasn't bad, and kept folks dancing.

Unsure of the exact details, including pricing, but someone reserved a bed, so we sat, talked, and enjoyed bottle service until closing time. Our server[1] was so outstanding that she came over to mix us shots - including key lime pies and pineapple upside down cakes - after she realized we weren't knocking back those bottles as fast as we could have been.

I wouldn't mind returning to the rooftop. While lots of folks were smoking (and there were lots of folks there, even for a Thursday), the whole BEING OUTDOORS thing does mitigate the stink. Your mileage may vary, but I had a good time.

[1] I managed to stutter her name correctly, but I won't even try to spell it. I think it started with an "E".
Yuck. Yuck Yuck Yuck.

Not only was the place filled with unattractive open-shirted greasy guys and scantily clad obnoxious girls, the management has apparently decided to ruin any good atmosphere on the first floor by requiring a line to get to the second level, leaving the first floor's dance area swarmed by two lines of anxioiusly waiting patrons. 

Once we arrived at the front of the line (yes, unfortunately, I waited in that line), the bouncer told my boyfriend, our DD that he had to have a drink in his hand to go upstairs. No room of beds is worth requiring our DD to pay $5 for a beer.

No thank you, Vango. There are plenty of other bars who welcome DD's with open arms.
Came here for a bachelorette party. First off, the decor was nice and the music was pretty good.That's about it. If it wasn't for the fact that I was there to support the bachelorette I would have left.

Their food menu was awful. 90% of it is weird obscure seafood dishes. If you don't eat fish you're pretty much confined to the chicken quesadilla. Also, the host of the bachelorette party got stuck with the $300 bill because when the reservation for a table was made they required a credit card. When all the girls tried to pay for their tabs individually the server told us "I can't do that because all the food and drinks are already on one bill" so I said, but I just want to pay for what I ordered and she said "I can't." Now the poor host has to track down all the girls and try to get her money from each of us because they don't know how to operate a business.

Their drinks are expensive because they are poured way too strong, $11 for a vodka cranberry. Normally strong drinks are great but not when you can hardly drink them because your throat burns. I'd rather pay $7 for a drink with the right alcohol to mixer ratio and actually be able to drink it. Most of the girls couldn't get past the fact that your drink tastes like straight rubbing alcohol. 

Their business practices are horrible. You have to wait 10 minutes to go upstairs regardless of how many people are there. When I went up, there were about 10 people up there. When I went down and came back up. There were about 30 and the wait hadn't changed. So the wait is 10 minutes for 10 people or 30 people, it doesn't matter. Also, you MUST buy a drink to go upstairs which is stupid since there's a bar upstairs. Also, they don't give out water. I had 2 drinks and asked for water and was told "we don't give out water" I asked what I was supposed to do if I wanted to sober up to drive and was told "you can buy a soda" Really? That's your answer to someone wanting to be responsible?

I will never return here.
Check my profile, I almost NEVER give one star reviews. However-I found myself in Philadelphia for a conference and my license was stolen. Not wanting to let it ruin my week, I decided to go out with a group of about 15 people. What irks me about this place is that the bouncer AND THE MANAGER absolutely refused to even consider letting me in. After seeing a bunch of ID's with 25-29 year old ages on them, the  likelihood of me being underage is HIGHLY unlikely (I'm not). I even asked them to black X mark my hands-I wasn't even looking to drink, just hang out. NOPE. I ended up cabbing it home alone after one of my gentlemanly friends made sure I was okay. 

I have forgotten my id in the past and have never been singled out like this. I have just shown SOMETHING and been let in, especially with a pack of 15 people. The fact that the bouncer left me standing alone in the alley unsafely really annoys me. Good thing I don't live here-and we won't be back in the days we're still here.
I like coming here for Monday salsa nights. No cover, lessons are free, and the music goes late. They don't start the lessons until 9pm usually even though different websites say 8:30. The instructor is loud and fun, and will call you out with no hesitation. It's a fun place to come with friends because they force you to rotate and dance with all kinds of people. After the lesson, it's an open dance floor and they rotate through merengue, bachata, and salsa dances!
What a joke. Philly has some great restaurants, but as a former New Yorker, I really miss the cool rooftop hotel restaurants of Manhattan. When I heard that Vango has a rooftop dining experience, I was psyched. Whatever. It was more like a poorly designed wannabee rooftop with something that looked like twin beds with ill-fitting Walmart sheets on them. 

Bathroom is a complete dive. 

The food was really uneventful (and I'm being nice) and they had the audacity to add a 20% gratuity to our check (two people, mind you. Not 6-8 people) without indicating anywhere that they would be doing that. If we'd not paid attention to the bill, we would have tipped twice. The dessert portions are about $1 worth of food for $8. I will NEVER go here again. 

Waste of good money and time.
!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!! DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANNA GET THROWN DOWN A FLIGHT OF STEPS!! DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT FOOD POISONING!!! I had came here a couple weeks ago for my birthday. I had seen the reviews but wanted to check it out for my self. It was sat July 29th, my reservation was for 9. I had got there right on time the place was empty and there was no host to be found I kinda just stood there not knowing where to go or who to talk to. I asked the bartender to help me and she told me to take a seat. It is now 9:30 a server comes up to me with menus. I told her my reservation was for the sky bar not indoors and now I am told to wait once again. I finally get my table and for a Saturday the place is EMPTY!! I should have seen all the red flags at this point. I'm finally situated and I order sushi, a chicken quesadilla and a hookah. The tuna in the sushi smelled weird and had a odd color not that bright color I'm use to seeing. The rice was hard and the quesadilla had literally 4 small pieces of chicken. I was soooo nauseas by the smell of the hookah!!! It smelled like mold !!!!!!!!! I didn't want that thing any where near me!!!!! A little later 4 people sat at the table next to mine and they continued to look my way. Then I see this tall weird looking old man point at my table it was the manager and he wanted to move me and my party because he wanted his friends to have enough space for two hookahs instead of one. I told my server that I already put a deposit for my table and I didn't want to move. Mind you the place is completely empty!! I counted 14 open tables and he wanted mine !!!!!!!!! Since I refused to move I can hear the manger bad mouthing me and saying how he's gonna call security. YES ! you read right ! THE MANAGER !! Next thing I know there's 5 security guards and a rent a cop grabbing me saying I have to leave! But wait then they forced us to pay. Gratuity was already included and I tipped a extra 20% because I know it was not the servers fault that she has to work for a psychopath and shouldn't not have to pay for the managers stupidity. So by this point I'm really upset obviously and I go to get up before I get beat up by 5 security guards and one of them grabs my arm and flings me. I AM NOT even 100 pounds, I'm in heels and wearing a skirt. All I remember is being thrown into the kitchen and being screamed at to keep moving. I literally got trampled down the stairs and the manager was just there screaming at the security to hurry up and get us out so he can have the table for his friends. I think the manager saw that me and my friend were two quiet people and thought he could BULLY us and take our money. I could not get the managers name since I was almost knocked unconscious but he was a tall ugly man big ears and I believe Arabic. The next day my arms were filled with bruises, my head hurt and I had all the 4 symptoms of a food born illness. Definitely not the birthday I wanted. I CAN HONESTLY SAY IT WILL BE YEARS BEFORE I CAN OVERCOME THE TRAUMA THAT IVE BEEN THROUGH AFTER COMING HERE!!!! DO NOT COME HERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let me start off by saying the bouncers are complete and total douchebags!! I've been here maybe 3 times, and each experience was ruined by obscenely obnoxious sorry excuse for "security". In fact, the wait staff also wasn't very friendly or helpful. Quite frankly, the service sucks (and that's putting it nicely) and the whole place gives off a very pretentious vibe...The food and drinks are overpriced (not that good) and the "amazing view of the city" is mostly the sides of very tall buildings. I'm pretty sure the only reason they are still frequented is because they are one of very few center city clubs with no cover charge at the door. Believe me, even that's not worth it!!!

All that being said, the space itself is lovely and romantic with good music, and it's a shame it's not run by someone who values their patrons!
Let me begin by questioning the outrageously overpriced "bottle service."  If an establishment is going to charge $200 for a lukewarm bottle of Veuve, at least make sure the glasses are 1)devoid of lipstick 2)not chipped and 3) full.  If the bartender gives herself a 20% gratuity for this service should she not fill the glasses at least once?  This was for "service" at the bar for a party of, yes, FOUR!

Smoking is allowed.  Even by the bartender BEHIND the bar.  Enough said.

Sushi??--The fish was dry, and not at all imaginative.  Stick to infused vodka dearie.  

Why exactly did the genius cut holes in the wall for Goose only to have the labels facing away.  Perhaps because Grey Goose has the sense to NOT want to be associated with Vango.

Venture to the roof deck, if you can get past the bouncer that is, to a virtually vacant upstairs.  But wait!!  You MUST have a drink in hand(or a bottled water) to get past the bouncer.  Sorry, we just finished our champagne at the bar and dropped $240, but I need a drink in hand??? We do as told, sheep that we are, only to now have to wait in line for 10 minutes.

At last, the promised land, for what my friend has convinced me must be a place of gold and candy.  We waited in line downstairs to immediately find a place at the bar.  Strange to have to wait in line.  Thirty or so guests were out on the deck.  Create a line and there must be something wonderful everyone is waiting for, right?

Now don't judge me too harshly, but Irish Car bombs were ordered.  I know, I know...  For those of you who have had them, this concoction usually takes two hands one to hold the Guinness and one to hold the shot of Baileys/whiskey.  Into the Guinness goes the Bailey's, glass and all.  Oh no!!  The glass doesn't fit in the beer glass and only manages to spill beer on my dress.  Don't serve it if you don't have the glassware to accommodate the drink.  It was delicious though, if only because I was the one to mix it.

After ordering a round of drinks, my friend decided she did not like her Midori Margarita.  Now, I love margaritas, and Midori being introduced into the drink sounds disgusting to me, but it was on the menu as a specialty drink.   I have never sent a drink back, but when I asked the bartender if she could get my friend something else.  No, was her answer because the owner was watching.  Really??  Let him watch.  He should be accommodating his guests, not watching to make sure the bartenders don't comp a drink that a guest doesn't like.

I have visited Vango, four times, and every experience has gotten progressively worse.

Vango, don't try to be something your not, a restaurant, a club, a lounge.  Which one, I wonder.
AVOID AT ALL COST!

I don't write reviews often, but this is by far one of the WORST bars/clubs in Philly. The cover is overpriced, the doorman is extremely disrespectful, the drinks are overpriced and weak, the security guards are violently rude, and there's not even enough room to dance! The only good thing I can say about this place is that the music was okay. With that being said I wouldn't advise anyone to waste their time or money going here. There are way better bars/club in center city like Opa, Time, Ladder 15, Down bar, Reserve really anywhere in cc is better than this place. Or you can try other neighborhoods like Old city, NoLibs, etc. So, if you enjoy having a good time I'd suggest avoiding this place at all cost!!!
Because i have to put a star to write a review. This place was whack, we prepaid for the table paying $75 which was a credit toward our bill. After paying $10 at the door and sitting at our table for an hour we were told that we had to spend $200 dollars to sit there. We never talked to the manager but the waitress told us the rules. She quickly gave us our bill without taking the $75 prepaid amount off. The staff tried to get over club goes to buy our table while we were still seated. If you come don't waste your time paying ahead.
oh vango, i desperately wanted to like you.  your supposed roofdeck was not to be mine, as tropic storm whatever is rolling through, and standing outside in the rain drinking is not my idea of fun.  but that's not your fault.  and you're kinda pretty.  almost as pretty as g lounge, but smaller, and sans cover charge.  so you've got some points going for you.

but your pretentious attitude, overly loud (and not good) music, overpriced drinks, and bartenders with way too short skirts, very blah crowd...  you could totally work on that.  get back to me when you do, i'll be waiting.
What a disgusting, horribly managed place.  How is it even still open?
I would not recommend this club to anyone unless they enjoy supporting an illegally-operating business in which THE EMPLOYEES ARE PAID IN CASH UNDER THE TABLE.  What kind of business would do such a thing? Well, one with a sleezy prick of an owner who retaliates against negative reviews in an obnoxious, childish manner.  An owner who hires unintelligent, incompetent employees who are too naive to realize that it's not a good plan to try to cheat the government out of tax money.
Vango is a fantastic place to go if you're looking to lose weight through the process of starvation and if you like to be waited on by incompetent assholes. 

I'm not sure what took 20 minutes to make a vodka soda or how 6 microscopic pieces of sushi equates to $13. Luckily, in my baffled state of mind, the server was kind enough to offer to bring a calculator & recalculate my tab in front of me when she initially did it incorrectly. How thoughtful! 

This place is seriously prestigious & exclusive. Be sure you buy a ridiculously overpriced drink downstairs behind the judgmental DOORMAN to go upstairs to the packed rooftop. When I went we almost weren't allowed up it was so full-- three people were up there!  The servers up there were just so pleasant & their bitchy resting faces really made me feel welcome. 

Next time I want to gulp down some delicious & expensive air I'll be sure to stop by!
I've been coming to Vango for Monday night salsa lessons off and on for 2 and a half years, and while there are definitely some things I don't love about vango, the open dance floor always brings me back.

Things I like:
-There's no cover & Monday night salsa lessons/the open dance floor are free
-They have a great rooftop bar (which I've only ever gotten up to twice)
-There's a mix of pros and newbies so all levels are welcome (especially for women)

Things I don't like: 
-No free tap water so you have to buy a 4 dollar 12oz bottle of VOSS "artesian" water. 
-Some of the guys there (including the instructor) are creepy and will try to rub up against you
I was hesitant about coming here after reading some other reviews, but my husband bought a TravelZoo voucher for 2 cocktails and 3 small plates for the 2 of us.  Another couple friend of ours did the same, so the 4 of us gave it a shot last night.

I guess it depends on when you go here, but we must have lucked out. Our waitress was attentive, the drinks were strong and tasty (dry vodka martinis, dirty gin martinis, one of their special martinis), and the food was decent.  The scallops were well received, the calamari was a bit on the bland side but not bad (the dipping sauce was really good), the yellowtail and jalapeno roll had a nice heat to it, and the dragon and rainbow rolls were all pretty good as well.

None of us are club-type people, so we'd definitely never go on a Friday or Saturday, and if we were paying full price for the food I would have been a bit disappointed, but for what it was we left pleasantly surprised.
I've spent the last three new years and countless (literally) nights here since it opened. Vango has always been a great meet-up or party all night spot for my friends and me, but we recently developed a strong dislike for it. Why? You're allowed to smoke inside. GROSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
Overpriced, i was charged $14 for a vodka sprite & $14 for a REGULAR PLAIN SPRITE

Must have a drink in your hand to access the roof, which barely has a view

Music on roof is nonexistent

Bottle girls are frumpy, unenthusiastic, legit walk you over the bottle and walk away, no smiles nothin that shit aint even held in the air lmaooo, save your money.

All of the workers are super inexperienced, it shows

DJ could be better

Never packed, if someone says otherwise they lyin
****Ok it is OFFICIAL, Vango sucks sweaty hairy b@LLS!!! **** I HATE this place more than I HATE Casey Anthony or perhaps the 49ers!!! 

Coming back home from California, I decided to give this place a 2nd chance. My complaint is about the service. The bouncer and management are rude, unprofessional, and liars! 

Scenario 1: Thurs Night March 22, 2012 so call "BIRTHDAY Thursday"

-My friend and I walked down stars to see what the dance scene is like. After one minute, literally 1min!!, We decided to walk back up to the roof, the bouncer said we had to order a drink. Our drinks are over half full and he knew when just barely walked down. 
-OK fine, we killed our drinks, and I ordered another fresh drinks for both of us. Proceeded to walk back up, same stupid bouncer said I can't go up but my friend can. WTF????...I asked what was his problem and his response was "You didn't pay for your drink, you got it for free"  OH HELLLLLL NO!, 1rst of all, I did pay for my drink, in-fact, for all the drinks including my friend for the whole night. Fact matter is how would you know? Do I need to show a F-N receipt now?. Secondly, it should not matter who bought the drinks! This pRick had the audacity to make up a lame @ss excuses bc this low lifer is working at the bottom of the stairs and probably will for rest of his career (if you call it one)  

Scenario 2:
I requested to speak to manager to inform my complaint and the female bartender from upstairs bar pointed to guy next to her. After explaining to the guy (assuming he is the manager), we later realized this guy doesn't even work there. He was too scared to even give me his full name. Should have known better bc he was wearing sweat pants and t-shirt.

Scenario 3:
I went back down stairs and asked the nice Ethiopian female bartender who served my drinks earlier if she can point me out to the owner/manager at the time. Luckily she was honest and I did spoke to the manager (Dias). After short conversation with him, he asked me hold on. He made a phone call as he walked to the back kitchen/storage area.  Minutes later I can see from a distance him speaking to the bouncer and shortly after, he walked by me (not up to me) and said, "The bouncer was just doing his job" WHAT THE! SERIOUSLY, REALLY???  ...when are you going to do your job Mr. Manager? All I wanted was an apology and the situation to be recognized. Hope the owner reads this and seriously really considers hiring proper manner staffing!  SHAME ON YOU DIAS or whatever your name is! Hope you all lose your job or perhaps this place to be closed down!!....That's it, enough said... E.N.D. of story!.... I'm out!!!
the place itself is not bad, but the bouncers and manager are a joke. be prepared for them to tell you to buy a new drink every time you want to get past them and treat you with disrespect. powertrippin, guess they like to pretend they work in a lounge in NY, LA, Vegas?

this place needs to do itself a favor and get rid of these douchebags or close down.
well, i have been a part of philly night life for a million years. i have been to vango twice. the roof deck is cool. outside options always draw me in. but the service sucks, the smoking is out of control. how can you serve food and have someone smoke in the same area? but for smokers, i guess this is heaven. i always worry about the staff with the second hand smoke. the crowd has lots of hair gel, tight shirts, and flashy jewlery. it's not a philly crowd.seems everyone in there is from another part of the world. it may be a great place for some people. but it's just not where i would choose to hang out..
Marvelous drinks but I wouldn't return unless Vango (1) opened their skybar and/or (2) banned smoking. (I believe Vango calls itself a "private club" as a loophole to allow smoking.)

Thursday I came here for an ICON Philadelphia happy hour. A light crowd of roughly 60 were indeed being happy amongst the Level vodka-covered walls and wackily impressive chandelier. DJ Syko kept the mood casual yet energized. Both bartenders (Shanell and John) served us quickly and creatively (no pedestrian shots here): I tried a red death shot (as good as that usually tastes) and a upside down cake pineapple shot which was outstanding!

I was irked (an understatement) Vango's skybar was closed since I couldn't escape the smokers. Luckily, there were only a few smokestacks there, but still a few too many; I smelt like smoke and my eyes watered.

Thanks to ICON Philadelphia, Reaction Republic, and Vango for coordinating, providing complimentary (and tasty) appetizers and ensuring the event ran smoothly.
Will never ever ever go here again. Well only if I'm already drunk and someone is throwing a VIP party  with bottle service where I can sit on those comfy white beds on the deck area- but being a good friend I would probably try to dissuade them from even picking this crappy place. Seriously, worse place to ever try to have fun on a Friday or Saturday night. I've been here twice. You quickly get in from the outside but that's just a gimmick to get you to stay. Once you're in, you have to buy a drink in order to get upstairs to the main dance-floor. The drinks are way overpriced and the mixed drinks are definitely watered down. If you do for some crazy reason decide to go here, I would suggest going for beer or wine, since they don't usually water those down.  Barely anyone, but the drunk chicks with skirts who want to hop on the lone stripper pole in the middle of the floor, are willing to stay downstairs. Why? Because the music sucks. About 90% of the people on the downstairs bar area are waiting in line with a drink to get upstairs. Also, I'd love not to have to wait in line and continually be flashed by drunk girls whose skirts are too short/loose. 

But don't expect to get upstairs anytime soon. I've waited over 20 minutes in line both times to get upstairs. The first time I got up there the music was great but it was so crowded you couldn't even make it to the bar for a much needed refill, not that I wanted to give them anymore of my money... The second time I finally made it upstairs the music was as bad as the bottom of the crate techno music they had on downstairs and no one was on the dance-floor because three guys usurped it to do some spastic Elaine Benes type dancing and scared away anyone bold enough to join them. The only good thing about this second visit was the outside deck area that is open during warm weather. It's fantastic and has a charming view of the Philly skyline. 

If you're willing to brave a 20+ minute line wait for over the top expensive and weak mixed drinks (I advise you to stick with a beer- they can't water that down right?!), drunk girls who have no business on a stripper pole, and crappy music...the deck is really nice. But that's all they've got going for them, and when the deck's closed in the winter....well...the deck was nice.
Kicking you while you're down, Vango.  Because you deserve it.

I can't stand places that try to hype themselves up, and Vango is even worse because it has SO much potential.  Been here (because of groups I was with) 3 or 4 times and always hated it.  Between the staff herding you to certain areas, restricting the upstairs portion unless you buy a drink, and the crowd being mainly thugs and prostitutes Vango is a miss.  When I was "lucky" enough to go upstairs a couple times the area is really cool, but not worth everything else here.

Many better options right by here too.  Don't let your friends get sucked into this place.
Never. Ever. Again. Not only that. But I'm finding out who the owner is. And never go to any other place they are affiliated with. So many rules. Half poured drinks. If you can't afford to run a place. Close. But don't pinch someone who decided to try your place for every dime. Can't go upstairs without a drink. Only bottled water after 9. Only cards with chips and only with ID.  S many rules I thought I was in prison. I'm surprised they didn't charge to use the restroom.

F this place. 

I still tipped the waitress but told her since it was not her fault.
Atmosphere: Smoky. Eugh. However, they do have a pretty sweet postmodern chandelier, and no cover charge. Draw.

Clientele: Your average Van-goer is an early 30s European expat with slicked-back hair and a too-tight T-shirt. And he really wants to dance. With you. :(

Music: Vango has a rotating "menu" of DJ nights. Sadly, their current Saturday night guy plays a safe (read: boring) house mix. Your iTunes Party Shuffle could outspin this guy.

Drinks: Mixed drinks cost about $7. We had some tasty Kamikazes... except they were mostly lime juice. Oh, and good luck finding a bartender!

In conclusion: We actually had a fair bit of fun, once we made dodging skeevy guys to the reptitive beats into a game. But we wouldn't go back, unless a really sweet DJ was playing.
I dont care what people think of vango. but a place that gives free well-drinks for an hour deserves my attention. 

Sure it was a bit awkward that it was empty, awkward, and nothing was happening, and I felt bad for the waitresses who wore uncomfortable outfits (they confirmed that assumption btw). but STILL. I. GOT. FREE. DRINKS. and I would come back to it again just because of that. (and so you can see where my priorities are).
The only thing that I enjoyed about Vango was its roof bar, and maybe watching a group of girls make a fool of themselves dancing on/around/with the pole. 

The appetizer was mediocre at best.
Place is full of regret.  You pay cover, drinks just to see the rooftop, and dealing with the staff wear underwear dresses.  Worse place.  Drinks overprices and horrible. Bad service.  Loud and bouncers are rude.  Dont go or you will regret.
Vango is probably the worst bar that I have ever been to.  I didn't like it the first time that I went in but I figured that maybe I was drinking a little too much haterade.  So I gave it another chance recently and no...it was not me!  Tacky environment and rude management.  The drinks are small and obnoxiously priced.  The chandelier is fun to zone out at but the smoke filled bar and "awesome" stripper pole  in the middle of the dance floor made me wish for consecutive 10 hour work days.
Went here 2 weekends ago and the second floor smelled like vomit. If that wasn't a tell-tale sign to jet, the extremely rude service was. The staff at Vango clearly does not know how to treat its customers. I've never had an experience like this before. They definitely need a lesson in company-client relationships.

Never go to Vango unless you want to be treated poorly as a paying customer.
am i missing something- is it legal to smoke in bars still?? its been awhile since i walked away from a bar reeking of smoke (i do not miss those days). vango basically blows! the drinks were overpriced, the house music was mediocre, and the dance floor was kind of sad. apparently we needed to blow a fortune on bottle service to enjoy a plush comfortable looking couch. overpriced rittenhouse bar that's not worth the trip!
This place was recommended by a few locals as a place that had a great rooftop where my date and I  could smoke my birthday cigar. The rooftop was exactly what we were looking for and not crowded at all for a Friday night. We were able to snag one of their few patio lounge couches, which were quite comfortable, and enjoy the cigar under a beautiful night sky. However, the overall bar experience left a lot to be desired. There was a 10 cover fee just to get into the front door which is normal, but we were not allowed on the rooftop until we bought a round at the first floor bar. This seems a little over the top. My date and I both ordered the mango mojito (bartender recommendation). I enjoyed it, but felt it was a bit overpriced. 29 bucks for two drinks. All in, we paid about 60 bucks just to have a drink on a rooftop. The music was obnoxiously loud for a place that empty.
Decent hookah bar in a great area. They have rooftop seats and nice lounge ambience. 

There was a line and there is a cover ($10) but hey it's Saturday night what do you expect. Plus place was packed!

Hookah was great, not exactly the flavor I asked for but it was smooth and came out reasonably quick. 

The drinks were strong but also expensive! Not a cheap place but not overly expensive either. 

The lemon pepper wings were 5 star worthy! Great crispy wings with just the right amount of seasoning. 

Music also was on point all night! Good job DJ 

Overall I'd come back! And I'd recommend
Music: They mix it up as they should with where they are, I am a house head and love deep house so I appreciate that they play it along with everything else from rap to pop depending on the night.

Venue: Great venue, love the roof and the first floor has a nice set up.

Service/Owner: EPIC FAIL. I have been three times and each time the bartenders have been slow, rude or just downright mean. Last time this happened my g/f respectfully brought up our issue to the owner who responded with " yeah well we are short staffed tonight, go somewhere else if you don't like it"
Dining Summary: Hell 2 the No!

1) So my starting complaint is the size of the sushi rolls. The average price is $6, but with that you get small rolls and 6 pieces. I ate 4 rolls myself in addition to a small plate. I ate a snack later that evening. 

So the small plate was tuna tacos: read lame. The shell tasted kind of like a graham cracker. If you want fish tacos, go to El Rey down the street for better quality- and they a $1 during happy hour for slightly smaller size. 

2) The fish was not that fresh. You know when you poke it and it doesn't snap back nice and tight? When I poked the fish, it left an indentation just sitting there.

3) The waitress added a 20% service charge onto our bill (for 2 people!!). Mind you, I did NOT announce I was a Groupon visitor in the beginning. So this is pretty presumptuous to assume that you should get a 20% tip just for waiting a table with average service. Waitress behavior like that pretty much guarantees I will never step foot into this restaurant ever again because it pisses me off to no bounds (Don't sweat the small stuff? Eh).

4) Took them a while to figure out the Groupon which makes no sense given that there is a Groupon Now deal constantly ongoing. That should have been my first warning...I could see why when I arrived as the place was dead and now that I read the reviews of others, it explains a lot. 


5) They do not take Discover card. What is the world coming to?

They layout of this restaurant is weird. It is obviously designed to be a club, complete with a stripper pole. I guess the thought of earning a few bucks during the day must have crossed the owner's mind at one point and the allure of high margin, easy to make sushi came to mind. Unforgettably, they don't do it very well. 

Which brings me to point #6) WTF is up with the chairs? They have these couches behind the tables so when you sit down, the table height is damn near up to your chin. Or you can sit on the other side on a cube without a backing. 

Bonus: I observed waitresses drinking near the bar. It could have been water. Could have been.

So, in summary, even with a $40 for $20 Groupon, this place still wasn't worth eating at. 

Food Quality/Taste =  2 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 1 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars
Awful! Went on a Friday night, the service was AWFUL and the bartenders were beyond rude. 

1)I asked the bartender how to go about ordering food because there is a seating area with tables and my friend and I wanted to sit down and dine. The bartender practically thew the menu at me and then rolled her eyes as if I had asked an unbelievably dumb question.

2) I ordered my food and when I asked to be seated since there was no room at the bar, another bartender said it was "too bad" that I couldn't find a seat at the bar. I asked to be seated at a table and was practically yelled at because i sat down at the table before the waitress sat me.

3)I ordered the sweetie pie drink and the grilled octopus. It took 20 mins to get my food and when it arrived, it was cold and the octopus was gross (too fishy tasting as if it weren't fresh). I told my waitress this and she argued with me that my food wasn't cold. I asked to speak to a manager because she wouldn't let me take it off my tab. He too wouldn't take it off, but allowed me to change my order. I ordered the pork dumplings, waited almost 20 mins yet again, when they arrived the dipping sauce cup was empty, and it took me forever to flag down the waitress who by this time was avoiding me.They were okay, but 4 dumplings are NOT worth the $12 I paid for them.  -____-  I cant comment on the dancing environment or rooftop because I was so appalled by the service that I left as soon as I paid. 

I give this place 1 star only because my drink was tasty and the booths at the dining table were comfortable. lol I will NEVER go back. The lounge itself is very nicely set up, too bad the service sucks and they don't have a dress code.
Sooo we think we're getting overcharged.. Actually, my friend does- we definitely are sticking out like a sore thumb... But, they usually charge almost $60 for four drinks right???

We didn't realize the clubs close so early and got there a little late.. 

After finally reaching the top of a tidous stair case you notice a red chandelier of lights illuminating the entire club. The DJ sits in front of a wall to ceiling window toward the entrace. There was a stripper pole in the center that welcomed lots of twerking throughout the night, and once the initial culture shock wore off we huddled around the back. 

As soon as we walked in, to my suprise, almost everyone was freely dancing as dirty as possible. 
We even passed a couple that may (or may not) have needed a room far far far away from the bar area.

There were a few things roped off, however I am not entirely sure if the club has a specific VIPsection. On the right wall of the dance floor sheer curtains act as a partitian to a group of white lounge couches and tables. We ordered lots of drinks that were way over priced, roughly $10 each. They were stiff and signicficantly well-made. As an avid party girl (at times) it is my obligation to get tipsy. Two long beach later, I was *there*. 

The bathroom was a cramped dissaray of the usual scattered toilet paper and towels clinging to the floor. It had the essentials, but no full mirror :(

The Sky Bar- 

Luxe and posh describe the upper deck... With an open and welcoming feel- there are tables and couches expanding from the sliding doors exiting the second level dance floor and bar. It was a lil chilly that night so we didn't stay out past taking a few selfies. I can see the patio on a warm summer night full and vibrant with great music filtering through the air. 

This place isn't so bad.. I have seen better, but I have also seen much much worse. I would say go if you want to hear a blend of hiphop/reggae and some r n b. 

P.S. Definitely Pre-Drink!!
Never again.  Between the torn vinyl couches, smell of wet dog, $16 drinks, and tiny portions - this place is just not worth it.  It tries very hard to be posh with a rooftop deck covered in beds, a LED light chandelier, and a stripper pole, but the execution is just terrible.  First of all, you cannot eat in the upstairs/outdoor area.  You must eat in the dungeon-like dining room while lounging on the broken couches.  Yuck.

This is Philadelphia - $16 drinks are a no-go unless you are XIX or the Ritz.  And if a restaurant IS going to charge that much, I expect pleasant smelling air circulation and to not have my legs pinched in torn upholstery.  

There are too many great places in the immediate vicinity to waste your time and money here.
I really had to dig through the prior reviews before writing mine because I wanted a solid justification for contributing my own two stars to this two star bar. 

Going back as far as 2015 in the reviews I found that perhaps some things have changed at Vango and some definitely have not. Here are some differences I found when I visited Sunday, May 27th for my cousins birthday: The bouncers were pleasant towards my party, we did not pay a cover, my out of state license was not an issue, our server was sweet and our sushi and the dj were both good and I was given water when I wanted it.

The practices that they continue to employ is what keeps this place at the bottom. The whole buy a drink to get to the rooftop where there is already a bar is still in full effect and the drinks are still ridiculously overpriced and not particularly potent. The whole chip thing is also still going on and cost me an extra 8.50 to withdraw from the bank across the street. 

When you go out to a night club you want to be delighted not annoyed and inconvenienced with rules that don't make any damn sense. I never made it to the sky bar and I'm working on getting that 8.50 fee back lol.
I had a party here before and I just recently went back for a friend's birthday. The service was beyond HORRIBLE. The owner or manager treated everyone with no respect. I arrived a little past midnight because I was at another party and the owner wanted to me and my friend to buy a bottle to get in. ARE YOU SERIOUS?! There are far better places to go in Center city. You would imagine the owner to want people to come back but I guess not. I am never going back to this place.
Only because rooftop bar, hard to beat, but not a fan of the dj on lower level always weird techno, stripper pole?  Expensive and you need a drink to go upstairs? Umm.....but no cover. Awesome, worth at least a walk in if you are nearby.

Edit: (lost another start) added a $10 cover + pat down? wtf?
This place has so much potential! Why is it such a lame scene? 

How about the whole dance floor being occupied by people waiting in a line! WTF? Seriously, did you guys come here to dance and let loose or be herded into eager expectation? Staff deliberately held the line up by only letting 2 or 3 people upstairs at a time. I guess theres something up there? 

people were coming down saying how it wasn't worth the wait and its cramped like purdue farms - and people kept waiting! haha...wow. 

anyway...the ladies were looking sharp....i don't think minimalist fashion ever intended such literal interpretations...but hey, I'm not complaining. But every chick had five skeevy dudes wearing open striped shirt/sunglasses/white belt eyeing her up and trying to shuffle up to some dry humping advantage. vaudeville desperation. but the girls were eating it up so I must be missing something....

they also were playing some music that I was feeling...too bad no one gave a f*ck. damn....this place could be so ill...simple architectural oversight completely ruins the scene...

whatever...no cover, peep show, pathetic dudes, hypnotic chandelier, good music, walking distance to rittenhouse when you can't take it anymore and need to lie in some grass

get there before 11:30 to beat the line. leave before 12:30 to save your faith.
It's a no for me, dawg. 
Reasons:
1. They still have that stupid "buy a drink to get upstairs" rule. Even at 8:30pm in Winter when it is empty. 
2. The bartender told us the heaters on the roof were not "out yet for the season" despite it being the end of  November and 30 degrees outside.
3. My captain & coke was $10. 4 drinks came to $61 
4. The food took forever despite being dead and one of the wings was a baby pigeon wing so small but they counted it as a whole order.
Terrible awful no good very bad place. We booked an event here for 200 people and the manager had the audacity to tell us when we arrived that everyone had to buy a drink (like... upon walking in the door) to go up to our party. Way to not mention that bizarre "policy" when I called and confirmed with you twice! The drinks are ridiculously overpriced, the staff are snobby, and the whole place is just an awful pretentious place where happiness goes to die. Can I give less than one star??
this place is pretentious with a capital P.  when it first opened up, i didn't mind it (the beds on the roof are kitschy but cool), but a couple successive visits have completely turned me off to this place.  my friends and i ended up at vango last night unexpectedly, and predictably had to wait outside in line to get in.  once inside, there was another line for the coat check ($3) and then a line to get upstairs.  those of you who enjoy standing in line at clubs, rejoice! vango has found a way for you to do it all night.  add this to the overpriced drinks, the fact that they searched my purse and made me surrender my water bottle at the door (leaving me feeling like i'd done something illegal), and the cocktail waitress they have jealously guarding the (empty) tables to ensure no one encroaches on sacred ground, and i'd say pass on vango.  these people don't realize they're in philadelphia, which is one of my favorite cities because it's usually NOT this pretentious.

the short version: if you've never been to vango and want to check it out, go right ahead, but I'd suggest passing on paying to check your coat.  you may be wanting it back sooner than you'd think...
This weekend I had 4 friends from out of state visiting and I wanted to take them to Vango, since I heard the food was good.  When I tried to make a reservation over the phone; I was told "we only accept reservations on line".  When I tried to make a reservation online, for 5 people a deposit of $50 was required. Check it out http://www.vangoloungeandskybar.com/reservations.html  Really ?  The food might be great, if I get this much attitude when making a reservation I can only imagine how bad the rest of the service is.  We took our business elsewhere; Philadelphia has great restaurants with great people and excellent service.   
By the way - Vango does not look at their website.  On their home page they still have information about the new years eve party http://www.vangoloungeandskybar.com/our_story.html  .  The website is used only to get your $$$ when you make a reservation !
I wish I would've listened to all the horrible reviews before I went firstly let's start with the $30 COVER CHARGE??? I didn't see anyone else complain about 30 maybe $20 or $10 but $30? Ridiculous and on top of that one of the guys outside was so rude and made us feel like we shouldn't even go in. Secondly the service there is horrible the girls just get you seated and then you need to flag them down and get ignored or get attitude when you ask for something (18% tip included btw so I'm guessing this is why they don't care if they're rude) it took me around 15 minutes just to get my receipt and an additional 20 to get my card and ID back. Definitely will not be returning to this scam of a business oh also I almost forgot what's the point of having a "rooftop lounge" if it's covered by a tent. Waste of money and time go literally ANY WHERE else for a better and cheaper time.
I'm not lie-ing when I say that vango has one of the best sushi in town. great portion, lots of meat, fresh tuna...little pricey but worth it..good music, Upstairs has a great out door lounge with beds..
This place was a complete ripoff from start to finish. The $10 cover at the door to get into an empty club was the first sign. My date could not even get in free on her birthday though I asked. We were required to buy a round before going upstairs so I asked the young bartender for her personal best drink -- what she makes better than anything else. I got a mango mojito that was so full of leaves I could barley choke it down. $29 for the round! She needs more practice. The rooftop was the redeeming feature with comfortable seating that is probably impossible to get if they ever get busy. We smoked our cigar on the roof with our cell phone playing more appropriate music than the noise from the house. I will not be back and do not recommend anyone else go either.
The food is well priced, but the drinks are outrageously overpriced. 

Two different deejays on two floors that do not coordinate with each other. The rooftop deejay was either new or bad.

They also have a ridiculous rule where you have to have a drink in hand in order to go upstairs.
So I'm actually here right at this moment, the worse customer service ever!!! I been here several times, this particular time my friend and I order coconut ciroc and pineapple juice the drinks we received taste like water. The bartender was very dismissive and the manager was even dismissive. He said he's been serving it all day and we are the first to complain but this liquor was clearly cut with something and it's terrible...I would not be back ever!
Two times I have gone to this only because I believe in second chances. The first time was because my friend heard it was Lady's Night on a Tuesday or Wednesday and when we got there the bartender said we heard wrong. My friend ordered this coffee martini drink that was the special for the evening but I knew better so I ordered my regular gin and tonic. She loved it until she got the bill: $14 for one drink plus tip. My G&T was $7. 

The second time another friend of mine heard there was a special running on Valentine's Day, stating that their chocolate-something cocktail was free from 9-11pm. When we got there the server asked where we heard of something like that because Vango never gives out free drinks. She said she would check with the manager however. When the server got back to our table, she said they did have the special we mentioned that night but that it was $5. Even when my friend showed her the email that showed the free special, the server said it was $5. 

Other then the price and the crowd in this place, Vango does offer something to Rittenhouse Square. I like the Playboy Mansion-type of decor and the sky roof. The DJ the first night seemed good; the one on the roof-deck. The music downstairs on both occasions was a little hard to bear. I also understood what I was getting into price-wise because I've done research on it for the bed and breakfast I work at, but I still couldn't afford it.

I vowed never to go there again so please do not ask me.
Some notes before reading:
I went here for their Birthday Thursday promotion (Free champagne and cake with $25 reservation [that goes toward your tab] and/a minimum 4 people with you).
It was a Thursday night.
I made a reservation in advance and paid a non-refundable $25 whether I showed up or not, which is clearly stated when you make the reservation.

I had SUCH a wonderful time here. Marissa was the hostess, she greeted us when we came in and really was a professional since the minute we walked in the door. It was not busy this night (I mean, it's a Thursday night in the winter at 9 pm), we were seated right away and got a drink order. We did not eat here because we had eaten already so I cannot comment on the food. The DJ was so accommodating and after requesting an artist he played 3 songs from him (Frank Ocean) which is unheard of. I was so excited, really made my birthday. The hostess brings out a cake which was really quite delicious and a bottle of champagne to celebrate the birthday. I thought this was a really nice touch and good way to get people in the door.

I can't comment on a weekend or when the place is busy, but we had a blast here. I think the hostess and DJ really made the night for us, which is why I gave the experience 5 stars. We didn't get to the rooftop, it opens after a certain time but I think they would have let us if we asked since it was a slower night. It's a shame because I hear it's nice and have been wanting to see it.
Awful. Avoid at all costs.  Went here recently for a friend's bachelorette party, and it was totally gross.  The DJ played music that would have been a nice backdrop for a movie about someone going through a depressive episode in the 1980's.  And ohhhhh, the attitude.

To top it all off, credit card was charged to "hold a table".

If you are seeking an evening of mediodre greaseballs, bad drinks, the catching of potential STD's, and a shittastic soundtrack, hit it up!
This place is trying (and failing) to be a NYC club in philadelphia, but that's just not our style. I came here for "it's your birthday thursday" where they give you a free cake and bottle of "champagne". What they don't tell you is that there's a $25 deposit to reserve said cake and champange. Anyway, we got there at 10, and there was NO ONE there. Maybe one other person, but it was weird. 

I was with a group of about 6 people and we sat in one of the groups of couches against the wall. Our waitress came up and asked if she could get us something to drink before she brought us our cake and champagne in about an hour. Not so sure why we had to wait, but ok. I browsed the menu and ordered the cheapest thing - a beer - all of which were bottled and $6. After about an hour she did bring out the cake and champagne, with sparklers attached which was a nice touch. We were surprised that the cake was about the size of a loaf cake, and it was decent. After we finished the champagne, they told us we could get our deposit off the bill or she could give us a check, and we took the check. It was shady, but at least we got our money back. More people showed up as it got later, but you could tell most of it was for the birthday deal. I will not be back - this place was weird.
Disclaimer: This review is based exclusively on the bar, music, and drinks. I've never eaten there before.

The good: Roof deck (they have beds!), mixed crowd, two music options (at least when I went). The decor on the lower level is kinda cheesy, but I thought it was cool. It's right above Byblos as well, so interchange is easy. Most importantly, there wasn't a cover charge.

The Bad: The drinks are horrible AND expensive; cocktails and well drinks alike. The waitresses were a little on the unfriendly side, and there was way too much smoke involved... in and out.

I'll probably never eat here... not because I don't want to try it, but I'm never be in the area during reasonable hours, and I don't like to eat with house music damaging my eardrums.
Been here and it sucks. Owner/Manager is rude. You pay to get in. Then they want you to have a drink in your hand to access the rooftop but I already had a drink before. I've been around the U.S. for nightlife and this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. The roof isn't even nice. They are greedy and lack customer care. The drinks are alright too. Nothing special. Just a waste of time and money.
Still a solid 2 stars.. they're not quite bad enough to be a 1 star, but DEFINITELY not a 3 star either. 
It's so unfortunate because it's such a lovely location. But they have some serious work to do.. they have a lot of potential but they need to do something about it. 

Ambiance:
2 stars -- when you walk in when it's not crowded.. there's a weird smell to it. It doesnt smell BAD per-se, but it just smells old.. like a lotta philly spots. +1 star for sitting outside during beautiful weather. It's not high enough to see the beautiful philly skyline, but it's not bad.

Service: 1.5 stars. I wish I got her name, but it was a shorter brunette caucasian server that worked that night. She took almost 12-15 minutes to get our order. Yes we had a groupon -- but that doesn't mean that I wouldn't have tipped her well. Anyway -- she took forever to come to us to take our order. She kept saying " I'll be right back" and would service the couple next to us, and the guys with cigars next to us. thanks...
But yeah, if you couldn't tell.. her service was terrible. 

Food/Drinks
For groupon price -- COMPLETELY worth it.
Without groupon -- NO. 
The sushi is honestly very good! It's fresh, presentation was great, and it tasted great. But for the price of $14 + per roll -- not worth it. Because the quality was no better than vics/fat salmon or anything.

Drinks were very good -- I was totally a fan of those. I left pretty tipsy off of 3 drinks. OH yes i just remembered. YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR A DRINK TO GET UPSTAIRS. So that made sitting upstairs + groupon not as worth it.. but it's okay :)

Overall -- awesome for groupon deal. terrible service. good food, good drinks. just not worth the pricetag
I went to Vango on a friday night for drinks.  The design inside is interesting with lit up Level bottles embedded in the walls.  It is bi-level with the main bar and tables/booths downstairs and a smaller bar / outdoor patio upstairs.

The bar tenders were knowledgeable but the drinks were weak.  The service was less than par as well.

The music was decent that night (hip-hip, pop, remixes) and my friend says that they have a few decent DJ that visit.

It was an average experience, but like many "upscale" lounges in Philly it was overpriced and under executed.
we made reservation new years eve paid 120.00 when we get there we have to order more than 300 per bottle wisky we didnt have enough money they kick us out no refund women work there not nice at all even owner was very rude place not even nice at all please don't go they are horrible
This place sucks!, my wife & I went there to meet some friends on a Sat night of a holiday weekend. The place was dead, we we're hanging out on the roof deck and my wife decided we wanted something to eat. So we went down the St got a few slices of pizza and came back 20 min later only to be told that we couldn't rejoin our friends on the deck without having to buy a drink, we explained that we were already up there and just went to get a bite to eat, but were told do buy a drink or no go, so I decided to leave since it was dead and I wouldn't give them $11 for another watered down drink.
Reasons not to visit Vango:

1.  They have a stripper pole in the middle of a dance floor.
2.  You need to purchase a drink before you can go up to the roofdeck.
3.  There's always a line to get in and a line to get to the roofdeck.  
4.  Most of the beds on the roofdeck are bottle service only.

This place probably opened with the intentions of being a classy bar that caters to the rich white collar crowd.  Since it has opened, its become more like a cheesy rap video.  Avoid at all costs.
This place is TRASH! Music is terrible and everyone is just on their phone. If you want to have a good time, do NOT go there. They charge $20 cover for men and $10 for women. There is also an automatic 20% gratuity for horrible service. You will have fun going anywhere else in the city.
I actually liked Vango.

I went on a sunday night, and they had a house music. The music was actually pretty good, It could have been better, but it was still good.

We sat at a table, and our first waitress had a huge stick up our ass, so we dismissed her and got another waitress to start serving us. Once we got a nice waitress it was smooth sailing. 

I ordered a "Vango Zombie" .. it was 12 dollars! However it was HUGE, and loaded with booze. No complaints there.
I've been to Vango a few times, and it's alright. It's annoying that you cannot get upstairs without buying a drink first- especially since the downstairs bar is always crowded. 

When you get upstairs it's typically a million degrees- even in the winter. They pack people in like sardines, but if they just expanded the bar to the outside roof deck, I think this place would make a better impression. 

Unfortunately as it stands now- you have to wait ages for drinks and the bar space is very small. They offer bottle service downstairs at the tables, but they too are very small and to me not very impressive. Not impressive enough to spend 100s of dollars on what really is a $20 bottle of vodka anyway.
This place was almost just as bad as Bleu Martini. Staff was rude and made feel like I was out of place for ordering a dirty martini. I didnt know that certain drinks were made with eye rolls and sarcasm. Guarantee I will never return to this "lounge" again.
