We've been to Varga a few times to grab drinks, but this time we decided to order from their ever-rotating food menu. Food is a craft here, and everything they do, they do it well. The wall is decorated with pretty pin-up girls, one in particular that I really like. ;)

Needless to say, they have a great craft beer menu that even features a lot of local brewers (we decided which brewery we'd like to visit next after our drinks this evening!) We ordered a Hefeweizen and tropical IPA that were both so good, we ordered them twice and switched beers! There is a great variety of beers on the menu too, so there's certainly something for everyone.

I ordered the mac and cheese, because once I saw their instagram post with the photo, I knew I had to come in just to try it. It was so tasty, in that little cast iron pan! The portion size doesn't  look that big, but it was actually just the perfect amount. My fiancé really enjoyed the popcorn chicken as well. Service is always just right too. We'll be back again for sure.
Varga Bar, oh how I love you! It truly is a hidden gem tucked away on the corner of Spruce street. There is something so comfy, cozy, and intimate about this bar. 

It is a fairly tiny bar so it is an ideal spot if you're looking to grab food and drinks with a couple of friends. Varga Bar has a nice ambience and gives off a chill vibe. The Pandora playlist that played throughout the night was on point. A lot of well known old throwbacks... Third Eye Blind, Chumbawumba, and Jack Johnson just to name a few. The bar is dimly lit and there were tiny candles placed on the bar. Really set the mood! Paintings of pinup girls adorn the ceiling and walls. The bathroom was very clean which is always a plus.

The food was so tasty. I tried the truffle mac and cheese, fried pickles, and chicken and vegetable soup. All three were phenomenal. The soup was very hearty and the perfect choice given the cold weather. The truffle mac and cheese was also very good. The truffle flavoring is what really made the entree. The portion size was decent... it definitely was enough for a meal for me. The fried pickles were delicious and served piping hot. They came with a side of chipotle mayo. The drinks were just as good too!

Service was awesome. Our food and drinks were prepared very quickly. All of the employees were really friendly. 

I'll be back soon! Already craving the truffle mac and cheese again...
I stopped in here last night after wandering around the neighborhood wondering what to eat. I often find myself frustrated with the local options. But really, I'm just a baby, my neighborhood is rich with possibilities. Not feeling particularly inspired by any cuisine, I settled on Varga where they had exactly what I never knew I wanted: PAN ROASTED CHICKEN BREAST (organic free range chicken) with herb-shallot potatoes, baby carrots, and snap peas. Sweet baby jesus. This was good, great even. My friend and I split a bottle of Russian River Damnation and while her Kobe beef burger was delicious, my chicken stole the show. 

Their ever-changing beer list is worth a visit alone, but if it's chicken you're after, check them out. I'm adding this entree to my growing list of main dish must haves around town.
This past weekend I had dinner at Varga Bar with my husband. Shortly after I finished the watermelon arugula salad I started to feel ill. Flash forward to 5 days later of severe food poisoning, numerous doctors visits and tests concluding that I ingested bacteria found on types of lettuce. 

You can imagine my surprise as to when I informed the management of the situation and he laughed at me saying he sells out of "those salads". You would think that a patron who dined there and got so sick would get some apology or the fact I'm pregnant would raise some type of concern but no. Nothing. With a complete disregard to the fact my baby could have been seriously hurt. 


I don't know of any other establishment that would act this way when something on their end caused harm to one of their customers. Living around the corner I walk by this place daily. The kitchen is vile, unsanitary, and smells as it opens to the street and I can look in. Shame on me for even thinking about eating here, it certainly was my last as I have learned my lesson. Consider yourself warned.
Hungry? They have decent crabcakes and sliders. Duck confit chicken wings doused in a pomegranate molasses-bourbon-chili sauce fail to impress, so go for their zippy macaroni and cheese instead - they're popular for a reason.

Have a sweet tooth? Share an order of their cereal ice cream.

Refined booze-hounds will appreciate their beer selection.

At night, a DJ does his thing for the crowd. The crowd itself is interesting, but there were too many dudes last I was there (read: they're not Vagina Bar).
Varga Bar has gradually become my favorite bar in the city in the year of its existence.  Clearly, I'm not the only person who feels this way, which means I've resorted to being choosy about when to drop in.  Nevertheless, I'm glad so many people are as taken with the drinks, eats, décor and staff as I am, and I don't mind saving my visits for the every-now-and-then rather than every Friday night.

The sliders and pickles remain my go-to meal, and I have yet to try much else from the menu, apart from my very first visit just over a year ago.  It's a shame, but I can not bring myself to deviate from those shiny little brioche buns enclosing perfect little mounds of bacon and boursin-topped kobe beef.  Throw in a few of the world's best onion rings and some housemade pickles and it's all over.  Somebody hand me a bib.  I hate that the Varga salad now comes with blue cheese instead of whatever cheese it used to come with (more boursin, perhaps?).  I love blue cheese but the salad was perfect as it was already.  The concept of change has never been easy for me.  Hopefully everything else I know and love about Varga remains the same for years to come.
Varga Bar is a laid back place that is perfect for a weeknight drink or bite with a friend. The beer selection is pretty decent and the bartenders are chatty and attentive without being pushy. 

The decor is minimal but cute, with black and white upholstered banquettes. The medley of Vargas girls smile down from the ceiling above the bar. 

My friend and I split the crab cheese fries, with creamy, bitey cheese that I really enjoyed. We also tried the sliders, which were a little too red in the center for me although the little burgers were juicy and flavorful, especially when topped with the accompanying onion rings. The house-made ketchup wasn't really working for me, and I longed for Heinz. 

The mussels came with chorizo, which I was not crazy about on its own although its existence probably contributed to what was a very flavorful broth. A huge piece of buttery Texas toast was served with the dish. 

Three starters provided more than enough food for two girls who suffer from "eyes are bigger than stomach" tendencies. 

I liked the chill atmosphere of the bar but it would be nice to see more options on the dinner menu and a few more specialty drinks. Also, happy hour from 4-6 is kind of lame.
Wow. Short bald waiter was embarrassingly rude. I brought all my friends here last night and was really looking forward to it. I have never been so offended by a waiter who treated us like shit from the moment we got there. Refused to tell us how much the cocktails cost, then snidely told me that the food runner "only has two hands" when I politely inquired about my missing food when everyone else had been served. Really? Thats how you talk to your customers? Everyone at the table was shocked. Throughout the evening he was a miserable snobby bitch about every single question and I hope he gets fired. He truly doesn't belong in the service industry. It was a real bummer because I liked the food.
a few weeks ago i embarked upon a guys nite out. yup, you read right. a nite on the town for yelpers christopher R, yuri, bill mcthrill...and me. being the lone girl (tho one with a guy's name, for whatever that's worth), i was along for the ride while the majority ruled our various destinations.

i first met up with the boys for a drink at the irish pol where i was, um, fortunate enough to witness the wonder that is boobie bingo. we then headed to the ritz to see 'the men who stare at goats' of which, coincidentally, the starring cast was all men and one woman. after staring up at the screen from the very front row for what seemed like an eternity, we all agreed that more drinks and some eats were in order, and, in hindsight, it seems only fitting that we then ventured to pinup girl themed varga bar to close the nite.

the varga girls are far more demure than those one would find at a typical last stop on a guy's nite out (or, er, so i've been told...) and were way less in your face than i was led to believe from other reviews i've read on here. and really, we hardly paid them the attention they were seeking, as all eyes were focused on the phils v. dodgers game on the single screen at the bar (volume on, fyi).

whatever beers we drank escape me now...but i can further attest to the fact that the beer menu is stellar. the food menu was a lot more limited, at least for vegetarian me, but i already knew what i was ordering before walking through the door: the veggie burger, which comes topped with tomato, cucumber and a [not-so] spicy avocado creme fraiche and served with a deliciously simple side salad. chris advised that he'd had this burger before, but found it fell apart rather easily making for difficult and messy consumption. good to know...so i cut mine in half before eating and had no problems. i recommend you do the same! as veggie burgers go, this one was homemade and with uniquely refreshing toppings - i'd easily order it again. the guys enjoyed their meals as well, plus we all shared a tangy pot o' pickles that, tho heavy on the cuke, was quite good and a steal at just 4 bucks.

the nite was capped with j-roll's 9th inning, game-winning double....high fives, hell yeahs and hiney slaps all around. guys nite out, indeed.
Short Story - Burger with cockroach, horrible management. 

 
Long Story - 

Oh Varga bar...I hate to put a one star review on you but I will never go back. Unfortunate because it had one of the best burgers in town. 

I went with a few of my friends on our routine ritual of eating a burger and cheesesteaks at varga bar. I was enjoying my burger, almost 2/3 done when what jumps off the burger and onto my hand? A cute little cockroach. Which then jumps off my hand and onto the delicious truffle sauce for the fries. Then all over my friends dishes all over the table until I squished the little sucker. 

The worst part of this was the restaurants reaction....

We had to wait 7-10 minutes to get noticed by the waitress even though the commotion made it obvious something was amiss. Finally, i told the waitress of the cockroach and her reaction was emotionless, as if this was a regular occurrence. Her and another waitress immediately picked up (all) our plates without even asking us what exactly happened or apologizing for it. 

She went in the kitchen and came out to say "the manager is willing to take off the burger off our tab."  and they took of the cheapest thing off the receipt without checking which burger it was.  

Even an iHop in the ghetto would've had a manager come out, apologize and comp the whole bill. At varga bar, no one came out, no manager, no chef...no no one. Just a waitress coming back to tell us they took of one of the burgers (the cheaper one, not the one that had the cockroach) and gave us our check without asking us if they can do anything else for us...

Not having the patience and quite honestly shocked at their response, we decided to pay the rest of the bill and leave and never ever come back. 

These restaurants are dime a dozen in Philly, why risk a chance of biting into a cockroach?
My beer loving friends and I decided to take a day trip to Philly to check out the beer scene today because there are so many amazing places in the City of Brotherly Love, we had to try out a few. 

Upon the recommendation of our server at Amada (will review later), we skipped Tria in favor of Varga Bar. BIG mistake, I'm kicking myself for not going to Tria and skipping this place altogether.   My own tipping point was the bar staff discussing the hiring of new staff and allowing them to sink or swim, while commenting on a new hire of a co-worker who didn't live up to his name. At my restaurant, we call times when guests are in the restaurants "Curtains Up" and this negated any of that feeling right off the bat.  Guys, ALL of us visiting work in the service industry and no one wanted to hear you gripe about your hiring choices.  It gave me anxiety just listening to these guys talk.  I was there to have fun, not think about my own job. 

THEN, when we were telling other patrons about our little day trip to Philly from NYC, the bartender basically commented that the craft beer scene in NYC was terrible and "f--k NYC", which at that point, my friend commented she was done with this bar. Sorry, we were recommended to you, included you on a trip when we could have chosen a million other amazing bars with fun, friendly staff and you kind of put a buzzkill on our afternoon.  We were there to have fun, not to be shamed. 

Thankfully we hightailed it outta there and as we walked by Tria a few blocks later, I assured my friends we would have had a better guest experience x100 had we come here. 

I usually try to be objective and as positive as I can possibly be on Yelp but this place was a huge disappointment that I don't think I'd A) ever return (b/c, you know us NYers and our beer bars are so terrible) and B) ever recommend this place to anyone ever.  Service this bad is a non-negotiable from my perspective in the service industry and sadly left a really bad taste in my mouth. Thankfully, there are so many excellent bars in Philly with MUCH better service and a friendlier staff that we won't be making this a stop on any future trips.
First off, I've been hearing Varga has been getting some beef about their "pin-ups" theme. Yes it may be a bit tacky but I realized now why it's called "Varga". It's named after Alberto Vargas, a famous pin-ups painter from his era. 

He lived quite a long life from 1896 to 1982 and has lived in the USA from 1916 living through a good great deal of American History. Wiki this guy, he's pretty awesome besides painting women in suggestive positions. He even did one of the covers for "The Cars" album a few years before his timely death. So no retirement for artists. YIPPY! Not to mention some of his works in 2003 were sold for more than he probably made most his life. Oh the irony!  

So now you know why there are tacky pin-up girls up on that ceiling. It's not just to get horny business types or rich Penn jocks to get a bonus with their burger, which by the way was quite tasty! My friend had the lobster rigatoni in a white sauce and it had a great aroma. 

We sat outside, it was a pleasent October night ( Thank you Philly humidity! ) and normally I'm against outside seating taking up pavement for city dwellers who commute through but Varga is in a section of town unlike some Rittenhouse Park places that set up tables on both ends up the sidewalk, leaving a small walk-way, which is a pain in the ass to go through, but don't get me started on that. 

There beer selections were pretty fair too, it's no South Philly Taproom or Standard Tap or even Monks but they do justice for some of the more beer snobs. 

Varga may not be for everyone and the pin-up thing might not go well for some and I wouldn't call this a family spot either but for a good time around the Jewelry District it's worth a peek.
We were the men (and Blake) who stared at goats, and afterwards we were in need of a spot to drink good brews, have a bite to eat, and watch the Phillies game (next year is ours!). So since we all heard good things about Varga, and Christopher R.'s phone call was able to confirm the presence of a TV, we decided to give it a go. And although our last minute entry gave us the booth that overlooked everything else, Varga delivered in a lot of satisfactory ways.

As Blake so eloquently summed up, staring a Boobie bingo, then staring up at George Clooney and goats from the front row of the Ritz already led to an interesting theme of events. and staring up at the pinup decor of Varga made for the perfect way to cement that theme even further! But I also managed to make time to starig into Varga's complex ad well rounded beer selection, and pulling out the delectable specials of the evening. overall the list catered more to the fans of dark brews, which I could see being a flaw to most people. But who knows it fit well enough with the theme of the surrounding fall weather to make me suspect that it might cater a bit to their surroundings. 

The food selection was so impeccable that it made it nearly impossible to choose from. Especially since the game hooked up 1/2 off wings and cheesesteaks! But in the end my craving for shellfish made the combo of mussels and clams a pretty damn impossible thing to pass up. and not only were the selection of each plentiful, it added on chorizo sausage, onions, and a delectable broth for good measure. since we were all curious enough we decided to split one of their bowls pickled vegetables, and it delivered some pretty interesting offerings, even if it did provide a few to many cucumber slices.

Over all I have to say that Varga made for a pretty solid place. even more so considering the fact that it's domain used to house a pretty shady and crappy pizza spot. So overall, I definitely look forward to making here more of a standby.
My hubby and I happened to stop there for a bite after a day of touring. It was closed to where we were staying. The place was a bit loud, but as a bar, it was fine. We got the cheese lump fries, duck confit wings, and trouffle Mac n cheese. The fries were soggy, but still tasty enough. Their homemade catsup was more like a BBQ sauce. The wings were cooked to the point where the meat were falling of the bones. Still decent. The truffle and crunchy bits in the Mac and cheese was tasty, but it was light in flavor. Overall, nothing earth shattering. 

However, I am giving this place a 1 star because as we were getting our bill, we noticed that they tried to add 3 drinks onto our bill. It was obviously not ours as all we had was water and the bill listed 3 customers. Sorry, nice try....  The waiter didn't even apologize for it. Needless to say, you're getting a bad review from me.
I went to Varga a couple weeks ago for small plates and some beer. I was attracted by the sexy Varga pinup decor.  Perfect place for a date. The inside was cramped, which was fine because it was a beautiful night and we ate outside. Considering it was a Friday and definitely pretty hopping, we got seated fairly quickly.

The food was delicious--mussels, soft shell crab and a bit of goat cheese with some garnishes.  I enjoyed all of the dishes, although there was an issue with the mussels having butter on them (no cow dairy for my delicate flower of a stomach!) I think that was mainly our miscommunication with the server so no points off for that.  The cheese appetizer was good but they could learn something from Tria about portion size and garnish pairing.  The plate the cheese came on was HUGE but there were a disproportionate number of garnish options for the wimpy serving of cheese.  I thought the beer selection was fair to good. No real surprises but all bases covered.
"I'm All Out of Love"

Truly crap dinner tonight. For $27 w tip, I expect my burger, fries and beer to be edible. No such luck. It's meals like this that make bulimia seem not only attractive but necessary. It pains me to say this. I've been a champion of Varga since I first stepped foot into Philadelphia. When asked how I liked it, I gestured toward my mostly untouched plate and spoke the truth: It was pretty gross. The response I got was, Well, you know better for next time.

And I do.
This is a solid spot to drop in for a bite and a beer (or a Growler Pour if that's your thing). 

Lively conversation with staff and patrons serve as a compliment to their great apps. They put together a solid cheese plate and the fried pickles are fab. The speciality hot cider was my favorite winter warmer in the city. 

I'll have to come back for dinner on another occasion.
My mom and I had just finished some shopping on an absolutely perfect Saturday, when we decided it was time for lunch.  We made our way towards Tria, which I have always raved about, and I was surprised to find that they do not open until late afternoon.  Varga Bar immediately popped into my mind so we continued down Spruce.  We opted to sit indoors, since the large windows were open anyway and we had all the benefits of being outdoors but with slightly more comfortable seating and more table space.  

My mom ordered a glass of the viognier, which she enjoyed.  I asked our server the difference between two white beers on the list and it was pretty clear that he had no idea, so I figured I would just try one first and the other later (turns out, they were pretty similar).  

We ordered the pickled vegetables, a Varga salad and the sliders.  My mom loved the vegetables and said that they reminded her of the ones she used to eat with my grandpop when she was growing up.  We'll have to bring him with us next time.  

The salad was delish.  Large slices of beefsteak tomato were doused with oil and vinegar and topped with different lettuces and slivers of onions.  In the center of the pile, hidden from plain view at first, was a surprisingly large hunk of cheese.  I loved the presentation and the cheese was fantastic- like a creamier, tangier mozzarella.  The salad was an excellent accompaniment to the sliders, which were far superior on this day than on my first visit.

When I told my mom that I had only rated Varga Bar at three stars, she was shocked and said that I had to update my review and my rating. I will definitely return and I know I won't be the only one.  Say hi to my mom if you see her in there!
Wow, I have to say I was pleasantly suprised at how good this place is!  A group of us were downtown for the Cheese Crawl at Di Bruno Brothers, and the wife was looking for a hot cider type of drink. A quick yelp search led us here and what a good surprise! The place is this pin up themed bar/eatery, which is pretty cool. They have a well rounded menu consisting of burgers, sandwiches, brunch options and some great appetizers. they also have a great cocktail menu and tons of beer options. I ordered the jumbo lump fries that were just insanely good. French fries with jumbo lump crab meat, truffle oil and gruyere cheese sauce! STUPID GOOD!! I also had a few beers. The wife had the Kobe burger with a fried egg that was also pretty good. Some other standouts were the special burger (it was a MUCH better version of an actual Big Mac...2 patties, three pieces of bread, special sauce etc). My buddy that ordered it would NOT stop talking about how good it was! The service was also spot on, super laid back but attentive. I'm excited to go back for those damn crab fries!!!!
The BF and I were feeling a bit nostalgic, and visited the old nabe for lunch. Varga was our absolute favorite spot. I'm afraid to say...I think it may have been a proximity infatuation! 

Beer offerings are still great. I can't remember the last time I got bad service - anywhere. This doesn't happen often, and I'm very taken aback by it when it does - especially at my former favorite bar! Maybe we had given this place too much credit in the past.

It was not completely full, but the service was slow, both of our orders were wrong, mine more wrong than the BF's. I could tell the server wasn't really listening when we ordered. The barback was much more accommodating than our server in handling the mistakes. The food seemed saltier than I remember, too.

Our beers ended up being comp'd for the inconvenience, but...I think we would have much rather not have been inconvenienced. Let's remember, people like to spend money where they know it will make them happy.

I don't even really know how to write a bad review, so forgive me. I usually get sad when I read a bad review for a place I like, but know that it makes me sad to have to write this one!
Walked in for lunch on a Friday because there was a wait down the street at Cheus noodle bar. I had heard mixed reviews on this place so I was a little apprehensive. We walked in and the place was pretty empty so we were sat as a group of 5 right away. They do have a row of outdoor sidewalk seating but due to impending rain we sat inside instead. The place is pretty small and the atmosphere is laid back.

Everyone in our group got the lunch deal of a burger and a beer for $10 dollars (Which I admit, is a pretty great deal) and I decided to try one of their daily specials, the Buffalo Lo Mein. We also got an order of crab fries to split. 

My Lo Mein was pretty good. It consisted of noodles, broccoli, and chicken in a blood orange buffalo sauce. I was skeptical of the "blood orange" aspect at first, but was actually pretty happy when my dish came and there was no orangey flavor at all. The crab fries were good, but it's one of those dishes you have to eat right away or else everything becomes a soggy goopy mess within five minutes. 

Everything seemed to be going along pretty okay until we received our bill. $17 for a Chicken Lo Mein?!? The only thing different from this dish and a $7 Lo Mein I can get in Chinatown is that they added buffalo sauce (what an upcharge!!). It's also upsetting because the price was never written anywhere or said by our waitress when she was going over the daily specials. I found it so ridiculous that such an average restaurant can get away with such shady charging practices. If you come, I'd just stick to the regular menu items unless you're okay with being completely robbed when it's time to pay.
anybody who knows me would know that i'm a sucker for varga girls and all things pinup...  so i was so excited when i heard about this place.  

i headed there on a late sunday afternoon.  outdoor seating a-plenty, on a semi-quiet street (so not sucking down exhuast fumes!).  they've got a good beer and wine selection at reasonable prices.  and they have pickled vegetables.  what else can beat that?  the rest of the gastro-pub menu ain't half bad, either.
the server was v. sweet.  not the most knowledgeable or best at remembering what we ordered, but always came back to double check...she gets an A for effort. 
crowd consists of the neighborhood-y types.  perfect.

yes my dear pinups, i shall be back!
I have been to Varga twice for dinner and a few drinks, both times on a weeknight. Overall, I really enjoyed it.

The service was excellent on both occasions. The host, server and food runner were all courteous and engaging, and seemed happy that we were there, which isn't always the case these days. We had a miscommunication about which beer my friend wanted, and the server handled it smoothly. 

The atmosphere is great, at least for the warmer months. The windows open out onto the street and the outside tables, making it a really nice place for evening summer dining. In the winter, I'm not sure how lively the bar will be, considering its small size. The pinup theme is cool, but unless you sit inside, you won't see much evidence of it (not even in the bathrooms). My only complaint was that our two-top table outside was about three inches from the couple next to us. It's understandable at a crowded place, but still not my favorite situation.

The food was pretty great overall. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich the first time, and was able to get it without mustard. It came with fries and was really delicious. The homemade ketchup is fine, a little sweet for my taste. Their hot sauce is awesome... although it may be Frank's Red Hot (or at least, that's what it tasted like). I also had a chicken cheese steak that was great and reasonably-priced.

Drink prices are lower than I expected, and the beer/wine selection was ample for my liking. I also LOVED that they offer Coors Lite, PBR and Schlitz cans for $2.75. Genius.
Service is friendly. 
Food is tasty.
$9 for 1 chili dog and 3 small onion rings.
$6 for 8oz glass(that is 1/2 a pint) of Flying Fish Grand Cru.
Those are menu prices, before tax and tip.
Fail.
A hair in my burger!  Thanks Varga for wrecking my meal and then not giving a flying rats hiney when I mentioned it to you.  

Yup a hair 12 inches long in my burger. A slider at that!  How did that even fit in there? 

Kinda makes you to never want to go back. 

Awful.
Oh Varga Bar... Why won't you just let me love you?!?

I mean it.  A vintage pin-up theme, truffle mac-and-cheese, outdoor seating, a snooty beer list, an awesome Aussie bartender... there are so many reasons that Varga and I should make beautiful babies together.  And those (coupled with the fact that it is stumbling distance from my apartment) are the reasons I keep coming back, time and time (and time) again.  Unfortunately, frequenting this place as often as I do, I've also learned that the other "hit-or-miss" reviews on here are well-earned.

I've been experimenting with the idea of pescetarianism lately, so on our most recent dinner trip here, their special of a seafood pot for two seemed the obvious choice - I mean, a generous helping of lobster, prawns, scallops, mussels & clams, plus veggies for about $16 per person - how could you go wrong?  Well, I'll tell you how: give us partially-cooked, completely unopened shellfish, and then when we mention this, take it into the kitchen, pry open all the shells, and hand it back to us, pretending that you actually cooked it.  Nice job.

Also, y'all are right on about the "cocktail selection", which is essentially non-existent.  The one time I've actually ordered something that was not wine or beer off their list was a Bellini from their Sunday menu.  Expecting a gorgeous peach-ified flute of bubbly deliciousness, imagine my dismay when the bartender handed me a glass of cheap sparkling wine with a pile of bizarre orange-colored pearls in the bottom that tasted vaguely like...nothing.

That all being said, we've had some great meals here as well, with the Kobe hot dog, truffle mac, and Varga Salad being standouts.  I've found that the staff tends to be friendlier and more on their game during the day and on weekdays, as opposed to their busiest weekend nights, which is odd, but since I'm there most often for lunch, I don't mind.  I love the idea that you can take home a Growler, and that there are always fun new beers on tap to try.  I'm learning to take the good with the bad.

Please don't get me wrong, Varga, I really think you and I could have a future together, and for that reason, I'll keep showing up at your door.  But if this relationship is going to continue, you might need to take some time off to work on "you" for awhile...
You should happily check out Varga, but don't go all stalker on it like I have.

My friends will happily inform you that I was obsessed with Varga Bar before it opened, because the details that came out about it were, in a word, awesome.  As a visiting friend put it, "I don't understand why the restaurant business is so hard.  You have good food.  You get good beer to go with it.  What's the problem?"  Agreed.

Of course, it can be hard to pull off.  The menu at Varga Bar is amazing - you could call it gastropub or like, way-upscale bar food.  I went on the second night after it opened, split the truffled mac and cheese with my companions, and had the kobe burger with goat cheese.

Since a stalker is always good at rationalizing his obsession, I'll chalk the not-incredible parts of my night up to inexperience - Varga is new and I'm sure they're working out the kinks.  The mac and cheese was a little runny, and they didn't give us plates - we just poked our forks into the serving dish and hoped for the best, leading to plenty of mac on the table.

The burger was excellent despite the fact that they were unable to identify which of the burgers coming to our table was medium-rare and which was medium-well.  I ate a burger cooked well past my preference for 5 minutes without realizing it.  My friend also enjoyed the fried oyster sandwich a lot, but we all agreed the fries could have used some work - some were not cooked through and others were just soggy.

The beer selection is from all over the place, extensive, and amazing,  (except for that "hand-pumped" Yards for $6, which was just extremely confusing).  One thing of note: GROWLERS.  Yes, you can take a half-gallon jug of your favorite draft home with you.  Unbelievable.

So, Varga, I'll see you again.  If you get the details right, I'll be stalking you for a long, long time.
As with Emily P., I really don't know why it took me so long to try out Varga Bar.  My friend and I finally decided to check out Varga Bar's offerings. He ordered the beer-battered fish and chips which he enjoyed very much. I ordered the papardelle with lobster, spinach, tomato; however, it tasted a lot like something I could get at Olive Garden :( But it was great nonetheless.

Highlight of the entire meal: breakfast ice cream! What a novel idea! Basically, you will receive three different flavors that are made in house. That night, the dish included Honeycomb, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Fruity Pebbles. This dish alone warrants another visit, for you and me both. And I hear the truffled mac 'n cheese is amazing.
Let me cut right to the chase: NO HAPPY HOUR. 

That's kind of disappointing considering the following: 

1. Compared to other bars of similar offerings/character, the drinks are definitely overpriced by a buck. 

2. Valanni, their sister bar/restaurant, has a terrific happy hour ($5 premium you-call-its that are nice and strong and worth every penny).

3. They have a terrific beer list, clearly making this a good spot for the beer drinker in all of us.

The food menu isn't as overpriced (certain items, yes) and is interesting enough. Kobe beef shaped into a hot dog, anyone? Cereal ice cream?! Oh definitely, yes. It's made in-house and changes regularly, last night's being Lucky Charms, Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch and Cocoa Puffs. You better believe I tried it and it was DELICIOUS! But you know, I love cereal so ... score!

The Kobe sliders, served with bacon, shallots and cheddar, were also quite tasty. The addition of the house-made mustard and ketchup to the burgers is a smart choice. Yum! I would've preferred fries rather than the three gigantic onion rings that come with the sliders but mama tells me I can't always have my way. My main man, who had the mussels and cockles, reported back with approval. I guess I'm going to have to try those next time. 

All in all, I could probably give this place another star if I were to come back for a real dinner, complete with entrees and a sampling of one of their cocktails (named appropriately Miss May, Miss June, etc.). Or if they decide to get with the program and add a happy hour.
Lactose intolerance!

Varga is headquarters to most meals served with cheese.  No complaints out of me because cheese is my number one food group and I have had many a night with just a wheel of brie and trust me, it's never pretty.  But seriously speaking though, Varga isn't a place to eat when you're watching your waistline - most of the stuff on their menu is very rich.

Jumbo lump crab cheese fries, Truffled mac n' cheese, cheese fondue with grilled veggies, wings with blue cheese dressing, kobe beef sliders with, yes, you guessed it: cheddar cheese.  Perhaps my group of friends and I should have been more varied in our selection but it was a Friday night indulgence, we were sharing and we ordered to please the crowd.

Service was great, fast, attentive.  Food was your average decent fare, with generous portions and expected bar food selections.

Great corner property with huge open windows and a lot of outdoor seating.  Good place for groups. The beer selection doesn't dissapoint (aside: I've found most new Philly restaurants are consistently good that way) and their signature cocktails are cute if not a little too sweet. 

I didn't care for the shorter bar stools that accompany the seating by the tables and booths by the bar; they were positively lilliputian and uncomfortable.  Also only two unisex bathrooms for the patrons?  On a Friday night, there was always a line that was in the way of all the servers because of its position right by the kitchen in the bar.

The highlight our meal? Dessert.  Be sure to try their Trio of Breakfast Cereal ice cream.  They crunch up cereal to a powder and mix it into homemade ice cream!  It was magically delicious.  We had honeycombs, Lucky Charms and Count Chocula.  All topped with a few pieces of cereal so we knew what was what.  Now if they could bring that kind of creativity to their menu...
Get the goddamn Brussels Sprouts. They're fried, which means the outside leaves are crunchy, charred and just kind of flake off. They're sauteed with bacon, which means the flavor is beyond amazing, and bacon and Brussels Sprouts are really like the ideal couple anyhow. (True love...in all seriousness). And there's some cheese on them. 

Oh, I guess there's beer and drinks and half naked women at Varga too...but really, it's all about those Brussels Sprouts.
First, I must say I think the service is awful.  Sadly, like so many places in Philadelphia it is staffed by individuals who are more concerned with being hip than catering to their customers.  Literally on two separate occasions both my wife and I were practically ignored or denied service (we weren't together either time).

What stands out the most to me was when I asked to see the beer list, and was told by the bartender that the taps were right in front of me "chief".  You mean to tell me he couldn't hand me a menu, or that there is no bottled beer in this place?  What if I had never been there before, I wouldn't know either of these things.  

This is unrelated, but I also live around the corner.  I can't stand how the patrons and staff (mostly staff) seem to be constantly smoking out back in what is a residential type are, and are constantly throwing their cigarette butts on the ground.  Maybe this is why I couldn't get decent service.  Everyone is too busy out back creating a cloud of smoke for me to walk home through.
Varga bar was not exactly what I was expecting, but it was solid. On a Saturday night we had no problem getting a table and the lack of a crowd made for a quiet night. The place is small-ish with a more bar atmosphere than restaurant atmosphere, and our server seemed to judge us ever so slightly for only ordering three appetizers between the two of us for dinner (even though it was dinner amount of food and dollar signs). Also, I wish they had a more extensive--or at least more varied--beer list: for those who gravitate toward Belgians or wheat beers or triples (re: not hops) you're doing to have a bit of a problem. I guess that's why there's wine, but with so many restaurants in Philly doubling as stellar beer bars it makes me wonder.

Now onto the positives. Brussssssellllllsss sprouts!!! Best Brussels sprouts I've ever had. Crispy layers on the outside, soft on the inside with their cooking juices mixed in. Damn. I could have eaten the whole huge bowl of them. The Kobe beef sliders were delicious and the perfect size. The bacon, carmelized shallots, and boursin on top made for a good combo, and their slider size meant ample toppings on each. Win. Also, the onion rings they came with were yum and a surprising accompaniment for an appetizer. The duck confit chicken wings were my least favorite of the three: pretty tasty, though I have to say the sauce was not for me. They did fall off the bone, though, and came with chunky bleu cheese dip and thin sliced celery sticks. Need another plus? The food came out unbelievably fast.

Overall I'd come back for just the Brussels sprouts, and maybe on a more happening night the atmosphere would be lively and fun. I sense a future upgrade in stars since their food really is good.
I'm surprised to see 4 stars. The food was fine good, not great. The service was shotty, and the prices were ridiculous. A friend and I shared 3 appetizers and each got a beer and our bill was around 50 bucks. Silly.
Varga is the reason I decided to move to Philadelphia.

I spent my first month in Philly just down the block in a hotel without cooking facilities, so Varga became my defacto kitchen. Because it was winter and I was clingy, Colleen the waitress became my defacto mom. (An earlier reviewer called her out by name in a way I so profoundly disagree with. She is not only a *great* waitress, she's My Favorite Waitress Ever! LOVE HER!)

What makes Varga so great?

It's a great place to get deliciously drunk. The beer menu is tops. I highly recommend "Old Chub" beer for a bit of irony.

Varga's an even better place to sober up. Like for example from the ear-splittingly cheap vodka I may or may not have been drinking at a bar 'round the bend with men in mom jeans and nurse-Reeboks and that relentless piano. 

For a lightening hot infusion of greasy sizzle to fight down the vodka throb, I highly recommend Varga's fried crab sandwich, when they have it. 

Really, the food is so good it's actually exciting, and nearly faultless. The fancy entrees (pasta plates and such) are superbly executed, and the burgers are to. die. for. At this point, I've had pretty much everything on the menu, and the only item I'd pass on is the caesar salad, which is just plain feh.

Of special mention: 

- Best Bloody Mary in the city.
- Sometimes they make Apple Jacks flavored ice cream.
- The brownie sundae is so good, it could get me to blow anybody.

On a tangent: there appear to be two Vargas. Crowded Varga, and Chill Varga. Crowded Varga happens on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights, weekend brunch, and big games. Chill Varga is at all other times: girls' brunches, dates I'm not having, tables for one (close-up: me). The difference between the two is startling, so just know what you're getting into.

A post script: I've noticed a direct correlation between the Crowded Varga big-group entitled types and stroppy whining. Of course, if you find yourself in this category, there's no need to come back. I'll happily fill your slot.
This place is SO over-hyped. Points for the fun, vintage, yuppie-posing-as-hipster vibe, but the food and drink were just okay.

To begin with, the wine list is severely lacking. Only one Riesling which was not my style but I never-the-less drank it because I didn't want to be difficult. I ordered the crab cake sandwich which was so salty it made my lips hurt! I'm also pretty sure it had been microwaved.... it had all the tale-tell signs: uneven heating and burn-your-mouth hot patches. Fun!

The crab cakes came with Old Bay fries. They were good (but added unneeded salt to an already saturated dish.) I was beside myself when they brought out their BBQ-sauce-posing-as-ketchup!! Thank goodness they had good old fashioned Heinz in the back! mmmmmm... anyway...  my boyfriend said his burger was just okay too. Lastly, the service was frustrating. Apparently some drama took our waitress away for quite a while... I had to flag down other waitresses several times.

Not a horrible experience, but this is Philly, people! Their are fantastic options galore! Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.
We were here on a Saturday night (7/6) for drinks only, it was past 10pm and we all had dinner already. But tell me why the waitress decided to give us such a terrible attitude even though we ordered at least 6 drinks for 4 of us? She rolled her eyes, talk in such a snotty tone, and even gave us a terrible look as we left. I have never seen such a degrading attitude in the service industry! I was confused as to what was going on, but my friends pointed out it was probably because we didn't order FOOD. Srsly? We drank and laughed it off, but seriously we will never come back here if we're ever in town. I cannot believe we gave her a tip. Even if you're having a bad day, don't put it out on your customers. The hostess who led us inside was friendly though, so I'm not trying to make it seem like all the workers here have that kind of attitude. 

The drinks were okay, I had hard lemonade (?) and it was eh, didn't even taste the alcohol. My bf had 3 rounds of sangria which was okay but for some reason he loved it. Small bar/dining area in the inside, with chairs/tables available outside. Great location, just unfortunate we were stuck with a snotty waitress.
Came here with friends at around 11:30 at night for some drinks. Waitress was incredibly rude to us because we didnt order a full on dinner service. Given that this is a bar/restaurant and the time we came at, that hardly warrants such a negative, unprofessional attitude towards your customers. There werent any lines out the door and the restaurant was hardly packed so I don't know what her beef was. She made us feel incredibly uncomfortable with her eyerolls and snarks so I will not be coming here anymore. Drinks were good though just not the service. Heck service might be good - it could've been just my waitress.
TERRIBLE SERVICE. 
When we asked for a drink menu, we were told by the waitress that it was too busy, and she couldn't provide one...WTF?
Ordered food...one of the dinners isn't brought out, were told it will be out in  2 minutes...25 minutes later-after everybody else has finished their food and drinks, the missing meal finally comes out. 
After a short discussion with the manager-we are informed we will not be charged for the excessively late plate...but it still shows up on the bill... along with multiple drinks that we never ordered.  
Nobody was happy.
People seem to like this place...but I cannot figure out why after this experience.
It pains me to have to say it because the bartenders are decent and the food used to be one of my favorites, but this place is just horrible when it comes to service!

It take a lot for me to give 1-star anywhere (especially after formerly rated it at 5 a few years back) but I must say the host staff is so horrendous over the past 6 months or so, I'll never be back and if I ran this place I'd want to know. Twice I've come (after probably 25 past visits) where the hostess (both, different each time) acted so rude and caddy that I have now officially decided that this place is not worth it. I was always so proud of this neighborhood spot, and then to be made to feel awful during two occasions out was horrifying. These meaningless individuals honestly put a major damper on two separate dinners meant to be special with their awful attitudes, and as someone who works in customer service, it disgusted me.  

I'm ashamed to say that I have referred as many out-of-towners here. Hire talented, more customer-oriented folks! Your staff is disrespectful to the point it outweighs the food and ambiance. What a shame to waste that on a few lousy representatives of your brand. After one laughed when we walked out, I realized they may not realize - or obviously be able to grasp - how detrimental their entire presence is to such a formerly awesome spot. Bummed for whoever is managing this place!
We have tried this place several times in the past few months with mixed results. They have a great beer selection, interesting beer-inspired cocktails and a decent food menu. The lettuce wraps, lump crab cheese fries and Kobe sliders are better than the average bar food. 

Unfortunately, the service is bad, particularly the bartenders. We recently stopped in for dinner and had a horrible experience. After waiting for quite some time for a table (over an hour), we finally decided to order food at the bar. A rude bartender greeted us. It took forever. Then, as if Ashton Kutcher was going to come running out of the back yelling "you've been PUNK'D!" a server came over and literally took our bar stools away without any explanation or care in the world. After we realized Ashton was not coming out, we asked for the bill. The bartender was rude and raised his voice at us. It was a terrible example of customer service and there was no clear management structure in place to handle the situation. We left and found another restaurant a few blocks over to finish the night.
Great beer selection, something for everyone. Only had the fried pickles to eat. Was expecting pickle chips, got small pickle spears. Tasted great, but not as easy for sharing like we were planning to do.
I should preface every review and comment with the fact that I have high expectations. That being said, I'll continue to impart my experience at this joint.
 
Service: A+
The only problem that I had with the service was that our server actually asked how everything was a little TOO much. Over-zealously attentive is the only way I can describe it. 

Atmosphere: A 
If it hadn't been for the paddy-wagon parked outside with the lights a-blazing the entire time we were inside, the setting would have been tops. (Naked chicks floating amorously above me... I'm in.)

Food: B 
Ok, here is where we have some problems. The mac-n-cheese that is often touted as such glorious fare was (in my humble opinion) boring as f--k. Honestly, the flavors were much too mild for me to really appreciate.  
I asked the server what to order and she said that the chicken breast, which my friend had ordered, was the best thing on the menu. Well, we can't have two of the same at one table, so I ordered the veggie burger which I was told (again, by the server) was very good and made in-house. Here's the thing:  if you are going to call something a burger, it really needs to be in patty form. Period. This "thing" was total mush. The whole jawn fell apart as soon as I looked at it. It really was held together by love alone. Love couldn't save it. The chicken, on the other hand, was pretty darn good. 
The rest of the menu was somewhat uninteresting to me - I try to maintain at least a somewhat healthy diet, so all of the ultra meaty, fried, heavy options really threw a wrench in the works. On the other hand, there were some tempting appetizers that I will return to try out in the future (crab cheese fries... what?!)
I'm not totally sure why this place gets so much hype.  Don't get me wrong, its not a bad place, and when the weather is nice they can open up the floor to ceiling windows and you can be inside and still enjoy the weather outside.  They also have a pin-up motif and no one can complain about that.  But at the end of the day, its simply another bar that blends into the rest of the bars in Philly.  It has an overpriced and uninspired beer list.  Last time I was there the only beers that had any originality were out-of-season styles.  I asked for a small taster of one of the beers, common practice at any bar with a respectable draft rotation, and was rejected.  

Is it bad enough that I would never return? No, but I wouldn't make it a regular stop.
Double IPA?  Count me in.  Great beer on tap, hand pumps, varied selection, Shlitz/PBR in cans,  etc.   Kobe sliders, they were good but bacon and boursin on pretty much anything is good to me.  Mussels and cockles were great and cooked perfectly. The atmosphere is cozy, a change from other local uppidity places-I have never felt rushed there at all.  Bartender was cool and seemed pretty knowledgeable.  Oh, get a growler.  You can thank me later, they aren't cheap but worth every penny, they will probably be good for a week or so, if it lasts.
When the veggie burger arrives at your table, you're struck with two thoughts:

1. Wow, that looks good.

2. Oh dear God, how am I going to eat that?

In addition to being a spectacular feat of engineering, the burger is a Dagwoodian tower of deliciousness.

Let's start with the most important part - the patty. Homemade and filled with corn, scallions and red bell peppers. I'm not quite sure what the base was (Rice? Oats? Does anyone know?), but it was tender, warm and toothsome.  

The toppings lent a decidedly upscale flair to the burger - microgreens (a little awkward to eat), heirloom tomato, cheddar, cucumber slices (a little odd, but they added a brightness to the burger) and a truffle aioli that you will want to drink by the gallon (this coming from a girl who doesn't really care for mushrooms).

The burger is messy -- truffle aioli will drip down your arms and cucumber slices and errant bits of microgreens will slip out onto your plate - but remarkably, the bun stays intact. I've said before that at most places, the bun is an afterthought but Varga Bar has the details covered.

The burger usually comes with a salad of microgreens dressed in olive oil and white balsamic, but I opted for fries instead. Seriously, who the hell orders a burger and a salad?

The substitution of was a great choice - the potatoes were skinny, crispy and well-seasoned. Making a good thing even better were the homemade ketchup (a sweet-spicy-smoky blend that surprisingly enough, actually tasted like tomatoes. Heinz better watch their back) and homemade beer mustard (spicy, sweet and something that should be sold on every store shelf).

The only low point? My iced tea which was essentially hot tea with some ice cubes and a slice of lemon thrown in. I appreciate the effort to make a customer happy, but would much rather have been told they didn't have it in house.

Service was prompt and friendly and while the spot is small, you have to appreciate any joint that festoons its walls and ceilings with images of voluptuous bombshells.

Varga Bar is another strong contender for one of the best veggie burgers ever (in a city filled with strong contenders) and another argument against eating Boca Burgers ever again.
Great beer options and brunch on a Saturday

Definitely will be coming back here after my first visit yesterday! They have two hand pumped beers, they remind me of the room temperature caste beers that I had at The Dandellion Pub but a new experience and awesome different options for beer! The bartender said it is a great beer if you just want to chug a bunch of beers and relax all day, SOLD!

For brunch there were MANY stellar options, I opted for the lump crabmeat, spinach, and boursin cheese omellete. This was a great selection - healthy, filling and when I see the words lump crabmeat with eggs its very hard to choose another meal option. When I return I will definitely try something different however as there are plenty of neat menu options. I am debating going back today to try the duck confit chicken wings which I have been hearing great things about. 

I will see you again Varga bar in the very near future. Bravo and SYOY!!
STAY AWAY!!!!!  So terrible!  I will not be going back.  

First and foremost, the service was eh.  I sat at the bar and was mostly ignored by the bartender (a big guy with a beard).  Ordered a drink (beer cocktail) and it took a couple of minutes to be made - this while the bar was only about half full.  The bartender seemed more interested in checking his phone than in making my drink.  Drink was fine, but as I sat at the bar, I was unimpressed by the amount of time the bartender seemed to spend looking at his phone instead of paying attention to customers.  I'm a server, and I would expect a bartender to be more talkative and friendly with the guests.  

The food all seemed really heavy, and the specials were up on a chalkboard and difficult to see from my seat.  When I asked if the bartender could explain them, he told me that they were on the chalkboard and went to do other things.  He couldn't take the time to relay a couple of specials to me?  Ended up having the mac & cheese which was good, but very oily.  It also came out more warm than hot, which was seriously disappointing.  

The worst part for me was seeing how some of the servers were treated.  As a server, it was literally painful to hear the way the bartender (who I guess is a manager?  He was talking to the staff like he was in charge) was talking to the waitresses.  Just plain rude and obnoxious, actually raising his voice to one server in front of customers.  It was awful, and the guy should be fired.  Totally unprofessional, and it ruined my experience.  Maybe it would be different at a table, but after sitting at the bar, I will not be back.  I'm going to a place that has friendlier staff and better food.
What does every major city need now?  A pin-up girl themed bar!

After spending last Friday at Varga Bar, it's become one of my new favorite center city gastropubs.  A combination of reasonably priced good food with a superior beer menu and a well educated staff is all you need for a good night and Varga Bar delivered.  If I sense that a server has even the slightest understanding of good food/beer pairing, I leave the evening in their hands.  Not to mention, I'm an overtipper because I used to wait tables so if they nail it, I won't make rent that month.  At VB, I was pampered with "try this, it goes great with that" and "if you liked the last beer, you'll looooove this."  

To me, that makes the experience that much better and that's why I'll go back.
At first, I had trouble believing Varga Bar was a 5-star place.  After all, it was only my first visit.  Maybe the wonderful weather for March influenced my rating.  Maybe it was a carry over from events from earlier in the evening - those Yelp events are known to add subsequent stars.  Then again, maybe it was the result of the great new people I had met and was hanging out with - Vinny P, Maggie M, and Callan W.

Unable to trust myself, I decided to return a second time before offering a rating.  This time, with a completely clear head and my a few friends, Varga Bar still hit the high notes.  The food is delicious, the drinks unique, and the homemade ketchup... well the homemade ketchup is probably the best I've ever tasted.  Enjoy Varga!

Running into the Mayor relaxing in Varga Bar certainly didn't hurt its rating any!
What a perfect outdoor spot!  i visited Varga a few weeks ago for lunch, and was blown away by ambiance, and delicious food!

First: ambiance. the restaurant is all done up in black and white, with Varga girl prints adorning the walls and copious outdoor seating.

The food ranges from tried and true comfort food (made better with gourmet touches) to fancy-schmancy -- my friend Sam and I tried the cheese platter, which for $15, came with 5 unpronounceable, but undeniably yummy cheeses (including hickory-smoked goat cheese...mmm) and a variety of accoutrements, including caramel, almonds, and fresh fruit. I'll definitely order this again!

Then there were the jumbo lump crab fries -- piled RIDICULOUSLY high and covered with jumbo lump crab meat. OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG. The kobe beef sliders were pretty delish too - and the homemade condiments! I don't know if I've ever ventured into the world on non-Heniz before that night, and I have a feeling I might never go back.

The beer list was small but well-chosen -- and word on the street is during happy hour (M-F, 4-6) there's $2 cans. Do I need another excuse to return? Dining al fresca, sipping craft beer, eatin' crab fries -- oh Varga, you're divine!
Oh how I love you Varga Bar.

Ok, all joking aside, this is ONE OF THE BEST bars I've ever been to.  The decor makes you feel classy even though you probably aren't.  The food tastes amazing and makes you think you're getting a deal because it's so reasonably priced.  The bartenders and servers are very down to earth which rounds the whole experience out.  It's just a completely honest place that has won a spot in my heart.

Varga has an extremely impressive and rotating beer selection.  This is due in part to Ian, the bartender with whom I'm most familiar.  You can actually sit and talk beer with this guy for hours.  His choices are aggressive and he knows how to write-up each brew in a way that everyone can relate to.  I've drank plenty of beers in my day but I'll read a quick description at Varga and think "hrmm, I don't remember that flavor in that beer"  The next think you know, you have a pint of it in front of you.  That is business savvy right there.

The food, in a word, awesome.  I realize that I've become truly spoiled living in Philadelphia in regards to food.  Any "gastropub" in Philly has to bring their best to the table if they just want to survive.  I think Varga is one of the top contenders in this realm.  I can honestly say that everything that comes out of that kitchen is great.  They do happen to have the best wings I've ever tasted.  Their wings, in case you were wondering, are so tender that the meat falls off the bone when you pick one up.  That's worth the price of admission alone.  The Varga salad, just plain wonderful.  Lots of flavors playing very well together and light enough to make you feel like you aren't undoing all your gym activity.  They've been featuring oysters recently and that is something that makes me very happy.  The first night I had oysters at Varga, I had them with the Victory Scarlet Fire.  Oh my God.  A super smoky beer with oysters on a hot summer night and only three blocks from my home, does life really get any better than this?  These are the kind of things you think about when you're a patron of Varga.

Five stars, this place needs six.
Eh. We went here for brunch on a Sunday because of its proximity to where we were to be later that day. I ordered one of the specials for the day - pumpkin spice waffles -and he ordered french toast. The waffle seemed as if it had been nuked in the microwave (i.e. it was floppy instead of crispy) and both our dishes were drowned in hot syrup. Yep, came to the table in a syrup soup, so-to-speak. It was way too sweet. The french toast was mediocre. Neither of us came close to finishing our meals. However, the the Bloody Mary was nicely made and spicy. We will not be returning for food, but maybe afternoon drinks only.
Varga is the best beer bar in Center City.  Monk's is great, but I think Varga has a consistently strong, rotating draft selection plus a hand pump for fresh cask ales.  I visit about once a month at most if I want to have a good beer, talk to good people, and have a good happy hour.  

The last time I visited, I tried their food for the first time.  I had a special soft shell crab sandwich with fries.  The fries had a great paprika flavor, but they were very very salty. The same goes for the sandwich.  It was beer-battered and fried, but I couldn't taste the ingredients because of how salty it was.  

But, let's be honest, you're probably not at Varga for the sandwiches. That's just a perk. You're there because you want a good beer or cocktail, and this place rarely fails to deliver on that end.
Wonderful. The prices are perfect for what you're getting. The selection of beer on tap rotates often, and is great and goes well with the menu. Both indoors and outdoors the atmosphere is great, Varga Bar is well-rounded, and not missing a thing!
The mac n' cheese is excellent.
The drinks are strong and the bartenders are efficient.
The kobe beef sliders are acceptable.
The wings are unacceptable in my opinion.  Even if you are really in the mood for wings, don't get them.

Do not get the wings.
Can't slap the 5th star on, as I've not had the beer here, yet.

Hit it today for lunch. The menu is very short and not much stands out I must say. They really need to work on the menu. 

That being said, we had the Kobe Beef Burgers. Unlike Kobe Bryant,  our mouths were dribbling as we slam dunked this perfectly prepared portion. You might say it surely is raping the competition when it comes to great burgers in this city.  The fries and homemade ketchup both were slightly salty/spicy.. also must haves.

This joint has a great vibe..nice location, and terrific for ppl watching. Service was quick, prices are respectable.

I recommend coming when you can have a beer (not have to go back to work like me). Speaking of beer, their list looks impressive (craft brews, local potations).

Go now, go hungry. 
Nice work Varga, can't wait to come back.
Eh, didn't see the hype.

I'm a vegan and they didn't have any vegan options. Poor decision making on my part, I know. Naturally, I had the fries and Brussels sprouts. When we asked the server about options he seemed extremely frazzled. In fact he seemed frazzled the entire night. Weird.

As for the food: The fries were bland and the Brussels sprouts were way too salty. Kinda greasy. My husband and my friends had Mac and cheese, the Kobe beef burger, and the crab fries. I think the only thing that was enjoyed were the crab fries. The Kobe beef burger made my husband sick. Needless to say we won't be back...
On the night of the great blizzard of 2009, I ventured to Mixto for dinner but was turned away as they were closing.  Rejected and hungry I trudged over to Varga Bar hoping for better results.  Luckily, not only was it opened, but we got a table right away.  Bless them for feeding and boozing the people crazy enough to leave the house that night.  

Between my two friends and I, we shared the Kobe Sliders, crab cheese fries, duck confit wings, and squash gnocchi.  The Kobe Sliders were adorable (if you care about that sort of thing when it comes to food).  The three mini burgers came with three onion rings and a garnish of pickles.  The crab cheese fries....I can't even do it justice with my review, so just order it.  The duck confit wings literally falls off the bone.  Seriously literally.  You'd have to pick it up with a spoon.  The gnocchi was delicious, with the perfect balance of squash.  

For dessert, we shared the bread pudding and the brownie sundae.  While both were good, the bread pudding was my preferred dessert.  Oh yea, and the beer selection is something to appreciate.  

This was my second time at this place.  My first time here, I sat under the awning while it rained.  If I loved it while wet and while cold, I can only imagine how much more I'd love it on fair weather day.
I was highly disappointed and left a bit offended. My buddy came in from out of town and I wanted to impress him with a nice craft beer spot. The beer menu had a nice selection, but was a bit warm and service was terrible. The bartender acted like it was a burden I was there. Hopefully he was just having a bad day. When I approached a male server for a few napkins, there was a lot of eye rolling involved. Needless to say there are other places in this city that will appreciate your business a bit more, or at least act like they do. I hope to give this place another shot since I really enjoy going to Valanni and Mercato.
The food at Varga is good not great.  The crab fries which everyone says is so wonderful had hardly any crab on it.  The drinks have way too much ice in them and we told the lousy server to have the them put less ice in the drink.  The burger was good and once they put less ice in the drinks they were good also.  It is the lousy waitstaff that ruins this place.  I agree with review Vincent I staff was too busy trying to look cool and failing miserably at that to know what good service is.  Server never looked at us when ordering and barly came by to see if anything was alright.  She was to busy talking with bartender who was hung over from the night before talking about other server behind her back.  (How tacky).  You could not help to over hear them with the rap music playing so loud they were shouting.

The place could be really good, dump the staff!! They can make or brake a place.  The burger was really good but not worth it to me to return.
I'm really glad some friends suggested Varga bar for dinner the other night--we were able to sample their ample tap list and have a yummy appetizer feast.

We got the confit wings (tangy with slight heat, very satisfying), mussels (tender, tasty broth full of goodies), mac and cheese (show stealer), brussel sprouts and bacon (YUM! especially with the mac n cheese), sliders, and lamb lettuce wraps. 

The beers are a little expensive but not killer--mostly $6 and $7. But they don't list the prices on the menu, which is sorta annoying. They also don't indicate on the menu if it is a full pint pour or a goblet. I like an informed ordering experience, so this irked me a bit. 

While there are definitely gastropubs with better food or cheaper beers, that doesn't take away from the fact that you can get a great meal with some awesome beers at varga. I felt like it was a 3.5 star experience, but because I had such a good time I had no doubt about rounding up. I'll be back.
Been here before, had a great experience. Came back with fiance and a friend from Colorado to grab a few drinks. 

We were able to get seating at the bar. The bartender started out being attentive and assisting with drink selections. Beer was wonderful. 

Second round of drinks were just as wonderful. Our friend got the sliders, which he said were fantastic. However....this is when things went down hill. 

In comes some of the bartenders friends. So, attention goes from being good to nonexistent. Our friend was able to get another beer, but my glass and my fiance's glass remained empty for at least 20 minutes. All the while, the bartender constantly provided shots and more beers for his friends. Heck, I would have stayed and had 4 or 5 beers, but after being ignored for 20 minutes, no thank you. 

I'll go back, but will get a table next time. I don't need a small clique ruining my evening.
I don't know why I haven't reviewed Varga. I absolutely adore this place. Yes, they get so much hype for their awesome rotating selection of craft beer, but honestly the amazing food is what keeps me coming back. 

Their specials are always phenomenal. Probably one of my favorite meals in the history of my life was this incredible soft shell crab special. Their regular menu is just as delicious. Fries with real crab meat. Yes. Truffle Mac and cheese. Yes. Sliders. Yes. Literally everything here makes me want to grab my stomach and do the "get in mah belly" reenactment. 

I absolutely can not wait for football season to end so I can be here for brunch every Sunday morning. I am salivating thinking about it. 

Varga also always does really cool craft events. 

The space is small and intimate and it does get packed in there but that should be nothing but a good sign.
Avoid at all costs. I came here with a friend for buck-a-shuck oysters and both of us developed severe food poisoning less than 24 hours later. On top of that, I was planning to go on a week-long trip abroad 2 days later. I spent the night before my trip throwing up all night in the bathroom. 

Fortunately I am a physician and was able to write myself enough prescriptions control my symptoms through my 12 hour plane ride. 3 days into my trip, my stomach is still upset and I'm definitely not able to enjoy my trip as well as I would have liked. 

Definitely not returning and would advise any one else who comes here to avoid the oysters.
The service was amazing but the food and drink were just ok. The chicken needed more seasoning
Small, casual bar with a great beer list and fantastic food.  Ventured out in the snow for lunch, and although the menu featured far more breakfast/brunch options, I settled for grilled gruyere & fontina cheese and tomato bisque soup and was not disappointed.
I've been here on numerous occasions for one reason.To try and like them, I really am. But I just don't.

They're super close to my house, they have outdoor seating, and a decent beer list, seems to good be true right? Well it is. The service here is just horrible.

I'll explain one experience which is similar to the rest. 

I asked to try sample a beer. Being a bartending as well as a 21+ adult, I know that you are not brewing each glass of beer on your own. I watched my waitress stand next to the bar for 15 minutes before getting my sample. Finally came back which I then ordered a beer and put in a couple apps. 

Again, 15 minutes on beer. Food already came from a different server/busser. No waitress, oh but I see her. Chillin at the bar. Not even flirting with the bartender or something. Just staring off.

We were sitting outside in a section without heat lamps and noticed there were tables open with heat lamps. We moved ourselves, food and all. Waitress came back with beers (after our food has been eaten) and doesn't even notice we moved.

Rant. Over.
My roommates and I stopped in for brunch on Saturday and there was no wait which was really nice compared to the usual hour wait at green eggs. 

The hostess was extremely nice, out waiter not so much. He didn't evem say hello. I love bloody marys but without horseradish so they usually need to make one from scratch rather than using their mix. I asked our water if this could be done and he didn't respond, walked away and didn't return for 10 minutes. Came back and said "they can make you a separate one but it will only be tomato juice". I asked if they could put anything else like tobasco, worcestershire, etc. He left for another 10 mins, came back and just said no. I felt bad for a second and then I realized this guy must have had a rough Friday night which led to this awful service.  We asked for napkins and silverware, things we shouldn't have had to ask for, and he looked at us like we were asking so much of him. Never a response to anything, btw. 

Onto the food. I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup. OMG. Seriously, amazing. 3 others at my table got it and felt the same. 

5 stars for food, 0 stars for service. 

I am absolutely going to go back here with the hopes of having a different waiter.
Great beer list, decent food, a stout and kobe sliders really hit the spot. I'd definitely return if I happened to be hungry and in the area, maybe for lunch. It wasn't my usual type of a crowd, though, and I couldn't help feeling a little out of place.

A real live overheard conversation between patrons:
"Oh I just love this place. This area was really in need of a neighborhood bar." 
"I KNOW. i mean, there's the Locust Bar, but that place is just a little too real."

Which kinda sums up the vibe of Varga Bar, it's for people who think that Locust Bar is a little too "real."
My previous visit to Varga Bar was for happy hour. My most recent visit to Varga Bar was for happy hour plus dinner and totally warrants a review update. 

The happy hour special is still killer. And then some, since they have it on Saturdays too. Half price craft beer drafts on a weekend? Half price craft beer drafts in general? Yes, yes, yes! 

And then you throw food into the mix and you have a seriously winning combination. I had the eggplant parmesan sandwich and they took this basic concept to the next level. Firstly, it was ginormous. I've walked away hungry after eating eggplant parm sandwiches, but this was far from the case. There were so many ingredients that went beyond basic as well including manchego, sprouts, pickled red onions, organic greens, heirloom tomato and rosemary aioli.  The marinara came in a little dish on the side. It was a little messy to eat but well worth it. 

My husband had the duck confit wings. I got to try one and kind of wish we got a second order just for sharing. They were on point all around. 

The only thing making this a 4 star review and not a 5 was the service. Our server was so disinterested and inattentive. He was merely going through the motions. We had to flag him down a few times and he just seemed to be dragging his feet. This is not enough to dissuade me from returning (because everything else was stellar!), I just feel it should be noted. 

Hopefully my next update will include 5 star food, drink and service across the board from Varga Bar.
For the food alone, I'd give 4.5 stars.  I stopped in on a Tue at 5:30pm.  Wasn't busy, the host was nice, the waitress was pleasant, the food runner too.  All three seemed a bit detached, were professional, not aloof, but didn't do anything that made me feel particularly comfortable.  I was a single diner, I think I was low-stakes for them and because the place was nearly empty, they weren't into any kind of groove.  Some staff are skilled to the point that they are more adaptable and able to connect with a customer in most any phase of their day. They could have asked if I'd been there before, just something to make a connection. I put out good energy, am polite, clear on what I want.  Will tip quite well (25-30%) if someone makes an effort.  

Overall vibe of Varga is urban professional (Yuppie), definitely hetero, but gay friendly. 

I liked the waitress but was a bit uncomfortable overall.  She helped me pick a beer, I said I liked dark beer, but not too bitter, she recommended and brought me the most bitter beer I think I''ve ever tasted--a mocha beer.  I was fine with it, it wasn't bad and I can enjoy most anything.  

Food was quite good--there's real skill in the kitchen.  Chili took a few minutes to warm to--wasn't particularly spicy, but there was a lot of subtle flavor.  Crab cheese fries are off the charts.  Plenty of crab, tasty cheese sauce, crisp fries, home-made ketchup on the side.  Relied more on flavors than on lots of oil, or butter, I'm always impressed when something is rich, but you don't come away feeling trashed or immobile.  

They have an ice cream dessert with three flavors in a serving, each based on a breakfast cereal--I'll make another trip there to try this.
Varga Bar has pretty good food, but awful service. The servers and hostesses spent more time chatting with each other than actually paying attention to their customers. Our water was never full, took 10 minutes to initially clean our table, had to flag down the waiters to ask for everything (utensils, extra plates for appetizers, more water, refills of drinks), and they forgot to bring out their homemade condiments. Our server was completely out of it. 

Funny thing - there is a vent next to one of the outdoor tables that blows hot air. Very uncomfortable when hot out. We asked to move, and 3 other couples who came after us asked to move. AND they kept seating people there and not telling them about the hot air vent. What is wrong with the people who work here!

Won't be going back again.
I had a flank steak sandwich on ciabatta that was on their specials which was nicely done, but too hot and large for my mouth (that's what she....oh forget it).

Also had the homemade pickles, which were very good.

Drinks were decently priced, although $4 beers for happy hour isn't really that great.  The waitress did extend the happy hour pricing to around 6:15 for us.

Brad's rating (out of 5):
Food: 4
Drinks: 3 (Happy hour from 4-6?)
Price: 3
Decor: 4 (pinup girls and dark wood furniture stolen from my living room)
Service: 5
Wild card: tons of outdoor seating
Everyone was really friendly at Varga from the hostess, to the bartender, to the waitress.  We only had to wait about ten minutes for a table outside on a Friday night  with beautiful weather even though the place looked pretty crowded.  

There is a large beer list to choose from, and a small, though interesting, cocktail list that seems to change with the seasons.  I started the evening off with Miss June, a Varga Julep, composed of bourbon, campari, fresh mint, simple syrup, and grapefruit juice.  I usually don't like bourbon alone, but with this combination it was refreshing and didn't have too much bite.  Later I tried the Miss August, Pucker Up, composed of apple vodka, watermelon pucker, fresh lime, and club soda.  It wasn't bad, but didn't wow me.  It seemed a little weak, and I was hoping for more of a jolly rancher flavor that I've had in similar cocktail combinations before.  

To fill our tummies after a long work day, we started off with the fried pickles since they were so highly reviewed on Yelp.  They were hot and crispy.  I also think I prefer them to Memphis Tap Room's as the ones at Varga are smaller but not slices and there is some tasty spice or flavor in the batter that I like, but can't quite detect what it is.  For my entree, I had the crab-cake sandwich with crab fries.  The sandwich was topped with crisp fresh coleslaw and the crabby patty had big hearty chunks of crab-meat in it.  The fries were just basic shoestring fries with old bay on them, but they came out hot and fresh. My significant other had the short-rib sandwich, also a generous portion, and he said it was very tasty.  We left stuffed and happy.  

 I agree with fellow Yelper Vichet O. that the place does look expensive, but the menu is surprisingly reasonable.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying other menu items, especially the veggie burger which sounds amazing.
Dear Varga Bar,
You are not as cool as you think you are.  My friends and I saw that you were serving Stone's Beer during happy hour on a Thursday that we wanted to get together (and it happened to be Beer Week on the Philadelphia Calendar).  We visited you.  We drank some Stone's Beer.  We enjoyed some of the beers--the ones that you served cold.  Pale Ales should be served cold and should not be served if the temperature is not cold.  We got our check.  We were shocked at the lack of happy hour prices, even though your board promises half price for beers during happy hour. (That's a great deal!)  We spoke with the "service manager", who could do nothing for us even though her staff did not warn his patrons that Stone's Beers were not included with the happy hour deal.  Moreover, Varga Bar, if you can't chill kegs of specialty beer within a three hour span of time, then you shouldn't try to keep a demanding beer week schedule.  Also, if the best your service manager can do is exhibited in the Silly Bandz collection on her wrist, then she shouldn't be in charge of speaking with disappointed customers.  We don't want her name so we can drop it and get some kind of deal during our next visit.  We will not return to this place, even if it is very close to our place of employment.

Thanks, but no thanks.  We can't wait to see what kind of bar replaces you when you succomb to the demands of a weak economy.
It's a 0 for service, and maybe a 3 for food? If I'm being generous.

Let's talk about the service: Our waitress took over 5 minutes to come over after we were seated, and the first thing she says is "Do you know what time it is?" When I tell her it's 6:02, she's like, "Ok, so that changes what we have..." and tells us that happy hour ended at 6:00. We weren't there for happy hour, so it's cool (I guess?) but come on-if she had come to our table when we were seated, we would have been able to partake!

So she took our drink orders, and about 7 minutes later came back, almost as if she wanted to take our drink orders again, and then muttered something about our drink orders being almost up. So. Weird.

We get our drinks, place our food orders. Food takes a while. Appetizers: Oysters (very meh) Fried pickles (pretty good, larger portion than expected!) Pickle jar (also good, also large portion) Looong break after the apps. I order another drink, thinking I'll have it with my main, only I manage to drink over half of it before they come out!

Mains: Fish & Chips (VERY battered, average fish, average fries) Kobe sliders -an app ordered as an entree (Wayyy too dense brioche. And ohhh....now I get it. They love beer battering things and putting aoili on them, as evidenced by the oily onion rings)

I'm bummed. The menu seems cool and it's so close to home, but we won't be coming back.
Went to the Varga bar over beerfest for the street festival on Saturday. The pinup artwork/decore which was the main reason we picked the venue was cool and well done but left us a little underwhelmed, like watching a comedy where you see all the good one liners in the previews. 

That being said the tap selection was decent and varied well, even if a little over priced and the staff was knowledgeable when free and not swamped from the foot traffic that day. I'm not certain you could get three people behind the bar there but it would have helped them a ton.

One of my friends I had gone with tried to pay by card, and within 50 seconds of handing it over the bar staff had misplaced it. Took about 30 mins but after searching through garbage cans and all over the place behind the bar itself it finally manifested. We kinda expected a comp on the drinks which never came, but they were very apologetic.

All in all a fair experience at best but I think beerfest had a big part to do with it.
Outstanding Service Food was incredible. Little place with a big Flavor. It's a little dark inside and has that corner bar feel.
I'm not complaining, really I'm not. But for a chef to boldly claim the 'Best wings in Philly' and have a wing cook-off, I was expecting something great served from his kitchen. I was a bit disappointed. 

I went for the Superbowl wing cook-off (my fav was the Jerk Chicken) and was very impressed with each contestants dish, so of course I had to order Varga Bars infamous wings, slow-cooked with duck fat! They were so tender, falling off the bone literally, but the flavor...not at all a runner up to any of the contestants. 

Anyway, about Varga Bar, I enjoyed the experience, even though the bar tender was too busy most of the time and the food was subpar. I guess good company and a good game can do that for you. OK, I am complaining a bit.
Varga is fine for a night when you want to sit outside. It happens to be close to my apartment which is why I go so often. The food is solid, outdoor seating with my dog is always available which is something I look for. The  service isn't spectacular depending on who you get..but all in all its OK in my book,
I ate here this past weekend and had a very good experience. The homemade pickles were delish. Great beer selection, and the menu is not over priced. We also had a veggie burger which was homemade but not the best I've had. I love the fact that they make their own ketchup and mustard. I lalso ordered the mussels which were to die for. Among the best I have ever had, which says a lot. I am guessing they ake their own fish stock which makes this such a killer dish. I plan on going back for happy hour and when I am really hungry a lobster/ shellfish entree which sounded to die for.
The four of us celebrated Mother's Day and dined outside in their partially enclosed seating area. The overhead infrared heaters chased the damp chill away. The appetizers provided a great selection and the entrées were limited to two. This is how it is during the pandemic. We feasted on six appetizers and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. The inside bar was closed though it was very funky. Can't wait to go back!
Truffle Mac and CHEESE! 

If I had to rank all of the Mac and cheese in philly Varga would be top. This dish is cooked to perfection with a crunchy top, great shaped noodles, (we all know shape matters), super cheesy and truffle oil. Just to take it to the next level they sprinkle pieces of black truffle on top.  

Truly a masterpiece.
Varga is just all-around great. The bartenders are super friendly. The draft list is always fantastic. And now that I've finally tried their food (the kobe sliders), I can only say good things about that too. So, yes, Varga emanates all the positive describers.

I was here most recently Monday night for a meet-and-greet with Ninkasi's founding brewer. They're out of Eugene, Oregon, and I LOVE THEM. They also had bottles of Ninkasi's new Ground Control. I'm not actually sure how to put into words how excited I was about both of those points (my hands shook a little upon receiving the pretty pretty space stout..), but I feel like I have to mention it here because Varga is awesome and hosts must-attend events like that.

Definitely returning soon!
I'll start out saying this : This is not a fine dining establishment. 

Though the service is very good and they have nice things on the menu, I don't think that they should try to be anything other than a place with great pub food. 

Which they do! The Sliders and the Fries are awesome and go perfect with one of the many beers they have on tap. 

Go here and have a beer and order some simple pub fair and you're going to get psyched. 

I had read that this place was a bar with amazing rest. quality food so I went and ordered the Pork Chop and my date had the Fish and though they were good, they weren't anywhere near as good as our friends Sliders and Crab smothered fries. 

So there.
Every time I come here I love sitting outside. They have heaters and that helps in the fall. This place is a great place to hangout and enjoy some fun cocktails, and if your like me enjoy the many dogs that get walked in the neighborhood.  This outing I have a apple cider cocktail that I believe was called a Miss November. Damn it was warm and oh so good. The food is amazing. Tried the turkey burger for the first time and it was really good, and the ketchup has a good zest.. Our server was on her game and was very friendly. Always love going to this place and would highly recommend it to anyone coming from out of town, who wants a relaxing and enjoyable night in the city.
Like many reviewers, I ended up at Varga because the place across the street we wanted to patronize was a BYOB, and we had failed to run by the liquor store. Varga looked quaint and has many craft beers on tap, so we decided to hop in.
   Now, Varga's ambience is very typical of a Philly establishment: small space with a lot of tables and less light in the evening; the cacophony of voices creates tables' privacy and injects the space with energy and life. At times, it was difficult to hear at our long table, but the noise level should not deter a group of four or less.
   The drinks, of course, did not hurt my party's communication, and Varga was able to satisfy our diverse alcoholic pallets. I ordered a wonderful craft IPA (10%) that was as smooth as they come. My colleague ordered a gin and juice, which she said had too much Midori, but one cannot sympathize with people who savor such "cocktails." 
   As for the food, it was average. As a fried pickle connoisseur, I had to try Varga's version, but they unfortunately commit the "spear sin": fried pickles should always be chips. In addition, Varga uses the same batter for the pickles it utilizes for the fish and chips, which does not effectively stick to the pickle. Someone needs to tell them that unsheathed spears do not belong at the table.
   As my main dish, I ordered the fish and chips. The dish was cooked well, but the three accompanying sauces were lackluster. I think I left with the same impression as my guests: the food sated me but was unremarkable (Oh the ironies Yelp allows.)
   What probably saved the experience (aside from good people and ambience) was the fried peanut butter cups. The dish was served with ice cream and a chili-power-covered sprinkle of peanuts. The heat from the nuts provided a lasting heat that was squelched only temporarily by another bite of ice cream. If only all the dishes had been as well thought out as the dessert, Varga would have been a five-star experience.
   Nevertheless, the overall experience would not keep me from returning. I would probably try something different or just drink the next time, so if you are ever in a bind in the area, try it.
The feel of the place is rather cheap and typical. What's worse? I just left the damn bar 20 minutes ago because the service was slow and the blond bartender was unpleasant and did not interact with a nice demeanor. I'm 26 years old and my best friend is three weeks older. She left her ID in her other bag and so only I was going to have a drink before dinner. They obviously don't know that if you're over 25, you can drink even if someone you're with is underage or not. Overall, I left that place with a bad taste in my mouth and will never NEVER return. Go to Kanella across the street and you'll experience the opposite. Looking forward to when Varga shuts down and is replaced by perhaps a more pleasant and chic bar.
I love this place. love love love it. Great space, great food, great beer. While the menu isn't ALWAYS perfect, it's 99.9999% and that is good enough for me. The beers aren't cheap, so the bill ends up being pretty high each time we go, but it's so worth it. 

This time we had dinner, but Varga has a awesome BRUNCH MENU, but you can't find their menu online. So i posted 2 pics of the menu so you can read. 

WHAT WE ATE
*truffled mac 'n cheese
i heart truffles (the mushroom and the chocolate candy). i heart mac 'n cheese. so, honestly... HOW could we resist the truffled mac 'n cheese at varga? you're right - we couldn't. SO GOOD.
Don't get it twisted. it's not my ultimate favorite - that title still rests with the mac 'n cheese at silk city. however, this was pretty damn close. the cheese sauce was creamy and the top was crunchy in the best way - with BACON pieces. this tastes like TRUFFLES like WHOA, though. so if you're not a black truffle fan, you will not like this.  

*jumbo lump cheese fries
personally, i didn't enjoy these that much. the fries themselves were awesome. they were thin and crispy and, at the risk of angering foodies everywhere, i must say, were similar to mcdonald's fries. even the cheese was tasty. i am a sucker for white cheddar so that is not surprising. the sad part is that it was the lump crab meat that really detracted from this dish. i understand that the crab meat is the gimmick- the thing that makes this so different and FRESH, but... it tasted... CRABBY. maybe it's not like this all the time, but ours definitely had a fishy taste to it that wasn't really that pleasant. i found myself taking fries and avoiding the pieces of crab.

*duck confit chicken wings
THESE. WERE. A-MAAAAAZING. serious contender for my favorite wings. the pomegranate molasses-bourbon-chili (isn't that a mouthful?) sauce was incredible - sweet! tart! tangy! they were a bit on the heavily sauced side, but it was such a tasty flavor that i did not mind one bit. and the wings... they were just falling off the bone. you could literally take your fork and pull of pieces! super tender and juicy. PLUS, bonus - they actually give you a good number of celery sticks. in most places, you get three sad little ones.

*kobe beef sliders
AWESOME. something about that soft, creamy boursin with the chewy salty bacon and juicy kobe beef... * drooOOooOOOool * ... okay, i've pulled myself together now.. is SO GOOD. the onion rings were a delightful crunchy, salty side to this burger. this order usually comes with 3 burgers, but we asked them to add one extra slider and they did. 3 sliders are usually $12, and they only upcharged us $4 for the 4th one.

*kobe chili-cheese dog
MEH. hot dog was juicy/flavorful, but everything else was not noticeable. There was VERY LITTLE chili. sad. i suppose that is what happens when you make your chili out of kobe beef, but STILL.
IMO, in an optimal chili cheese dog combination, i'd say the serving ratios are as follows: 3 parts chili : 2 parts cheese : 1 part hot dog.
Good, but not great so we'd probably skip it next time

*beers
varga bar's beer selection really is remarkable. the four of us represented a wide range of beef affinities - stouts, pale ales, wheats, pilsners - but we could all still find something we really enjoyed off of the list. and the server, dour and sullen though he was, still had great knowledge of the beers available and what we might like.
I've never understood the fascination with this place. I've been in to dine and  drink on several occasions and always came away less than impressed The service never ceases to disappoint and the food is average at best. I consider myself somewhat of a mac and cheese connoisseur, and varga's mac and cheese leaves something to be desired. I've also tried the chicken and waffles which were utterly forgettable. I would return in a pinch since I reside a block away and they serve food until 1, but outside of that, I would look elsewhere.
i want to love this place but i can't. the food is hit or miss. the one thing you can count on is crappy service. for a restaurant owned by the same entity as mercato and valanni it's AMAZING that varga has such bad staff. 

however, always great cocktails (obviously, the bartenders are exempt from criticism) and i love the softshell sandwich when it's in season. i have to be desperately craving it to come here. 

it's embarrassing when i take someone promising them great food and the bad service just takes that all away.
I always enjoyed eating at Varga until I found this in my to go burger. I'm not one to ever write a bad review nor am I germ a phobe. I get it. Every once in awhile I'll find hair in a meal or something that doesn't belong. A two inch piece of wire in the burger patty that my fiance bit into is unacceptable. I called out of concern that maybe the rest of that wire was in someone else's meal. The manager tried to remedy the situation by offering me a gift card that I never received. I also received a voicemail from the owner(or the chef I'm not sure) to call him back. I called and left a message and have yet to receive a phone call back. Nonetheless, we are very disappointed.
Came in to try the crab fries after reading the reviews on them. They just weren't great to me. The fries themselves were good, but the crab and the cheese topping actually took away from them. The atmosphere is nice though and staff was friendly.
The name may have changed but at least a few of the staff that worked at Azul transitioned over to Varga Bar. Other than that the 10th and Spruce location has been completely transformed and mostly for the better. 

The host was very friendly and accommodating. The server seemed well versed on their fairly comprehensive selection of American beers. I tried the Miss June, a wiskey collins, which was pretty nicely executed. 

Although I would come back again for one of their specialty drinks or a beer, I think the real draw is the truffled mac n' cheese. It was both creamy (thanks in large part to the marscapone) and crunchy (thank to the bacon bits and black truffles on top). My friend had the chili dog, which was good but nothing spectacular. 

I look forward to trying Varga Bar again and hope that everything on their menu is brought up to the same standard as the mac and cheese.
Thank you so much to Frank. After checking this place out on here i figured why not try them out. When my husband & I arrived we thought it was going to be a circus clearly you could tell the rush was over. We sat a the bar and that was by far the best decision, because we met Frank. Wow he is funny and ever, he popped my cherry with my first long island! Being a whisky girl i can honestly say this is the only place i will drink long island at. We order the Mac & Cheese,which can usally be a bust depending on who makes it. We really enjoyed it, we order our with Crab on top. At must try if you like seafood. Everyone should stop here while in Philly
Varga is one of my go to favorite places for a casual meal or after-work drinks. It never fails to have great beers on tap that are reasonably priced and the food is good as well. They have nice outdoor seating option, plus you can sit inside with the windows open to feel like you are basically outside. The whole place is not too big, but I've never had to wait for seating more than 10-15 minutes. 

There's a plethora of beers to choose from and something to satisfy every taste. Beers range from 4-7 bucks for drafts. I've also had bloody mary's there which are perfectly spicy and come with a **bacon** wrapped olive.. so good. For food, you cannot go here without getting the jumbo lump crab fries. They are to DIE for. Big lumps of crab meat on hot fries with a yummy cheese sauce and truffle oil. All diets go out the window for these.. they are worth it! I've also tried the mussels and steamed littlenecks which come in a garlicky broth that is bread-dipping good. Their turkey burger is also one of my faves.. you wouldn't even know you were eating turkey because it's so juicy and satisfying! I've tried the smoked turkey and brie sandwich which is not that great and also sometimes have gotten their salads which I haven't been too impressed with either. They have specials which change frequently, so there is always something new to try. Highly suggest this place next time you want a low-key meal or drinks!
How have I not written a review for Varga? Kicking myself. 

So Varga as a brunch spot cannot be beat! I'm not really a brunch kind of gal, but Varga's brunch is seriously on point. A couple of girl friends and I went one rainy morning, and were amazed by the selection - and our eventual meal choices! 

Since this was a while back, I unfortunately can't write about, much less recall, what the three of us ordered and ate, but I do remember that our waitress was awesome and gave us her recommendations, which did not disappoint. The jumbo lump crab fries were the highlight of our meal - we shared and playfully fought over the delicious and large lumps of crab and the ridonkulous fontina.
Food was excellent, i had the ribs and everything was delicious and well balanced. Beer menu is quite good. If it was for food only this review would of had a solid 4 stars. However, the service was way too aggressive. I would actually prefer bad service to this. It was stressful. Every 5minutes the waitress wanted to either take a plate away from the table or check if everything was okay. I could not have a conversation without being interrupted. Its sad because it didnt permit me to enjoy the meal which was delicious.
If you are looking for a cozy corner restaurant in Philly for a cocktail or perhaps a whole meal, this is your place. 

Most recently had the turkey and warm Brie sandwich which did not fail to impress. Great burgers and the loaded crab fries are quite the indulgence. They have a long list of daily specials to keep things interesting, too.  

The extensive beer and wine lists, vintage art work and the hum of folksy music under dim lighting make it a great place for any type of crowd.

It might be a tight squeeze on the weekends, but grabbing a table or seat at the bar on a weeknight is easier than you might think. Varga is a neighborhood favorite.
