Dear friend flew in from Austin with an expense account and an open mind. So Veda was on my top five must-try restaurant list and frankly I was disappointed with the food.
Service 5/5
Our server was great as was the rest of the staff. She gave great recommendations as well as honest descriptions of the menu items. Plates were cleared in a timely fashion and all were great. The water service man was adorable he was a senior fellow and reminded me of a kindly grandfather. 

Atmosphere 3/5
It's very noisy with a hip vibe but the tables are huge and you end up sitting very far from your dining partner, so there was a lot of "pardon, could you repeat that?" Also the place was sort of drafty.

Drinks 3-5/5
I forget the names of the drinks but our first round container cranberry juice, Prosecco, lime juice and vodka. My friend ordered it up, I ordered it on the ROCK, it was one of those giant ice cubes that takes up the whole glass. The glassware was lovely but I'm not a fan of giant ice cubes- they don't melt quickly enough. Anyway my real issue with the drink was it was too sour. It tasted like lime juice and Prosecco and nothing else. 
Our second round: 
Punjabi Bourbon Sour 5/5
The big ice cube made a second appearance but it belongs in bourbon. This drink was a generous pour of bourbon with Amoretto and some other flavors. To me it tasted more like an Old Fashion and I love those so I was happy.
Food 2-5/5
I'm going to just use the English translations because I forgot to take pictures of the menu and the food. I was too busy catching up with dear friend. 

Fried Cauliflower w/sweet/spicy sauce 4/5
To me it looked and tasted like General Tso cauliflower. It was about good. The portion size was okay but it wasn't special and the Cauliflower was too heavily breaded for my liking.
Vegetable Samosa 2.5/5
Memorably un-memorable. It was the exact same samosa I've had at less expensive Indian buffet type restaurants, i just expected more! And the samosa was small; I hoped it would at least be bigger but it was just a small mashed potato and peas fried dough covered dumpling. 
Butter Chicken/tikka Masala 4/5
The sever who brought this poured some on the table by accident and didn't bother to wipe it up or at least acknowledge it. She was not our main server but if you're clumsy (and I am) bring a clean towel with you and wipe up your drips. Though it was tasty it was mostly sauce with very little chicken and it was a ton of sauce. The side rice portion accompaniment was tiny and we were sharing so there was a lot of sauce leftover. 
Naan 4/5
At $3, the portion size was small and it was oily. I know it was probably butter but we heavily dipped it in the "butter sauce" so it didn't need the extra oil. And I really dislike being charged for bread service! 

Would I go back? Probably not, unless they offer a great happy hour with 1/2 price bar food and 1/2 price drinks.
I'm a fan of Veda. In fact, I find their food very comparable to my favorite Indian restaurant (IndeBlue), only slightly less expensive. I've dined in for dinner and have also done delivery, which was my most recent experience. It's the delivery experience that brings this rating down to three star territory.  

After reading some of the reviews, we knew to order rice, because people mentioned that they did not receive rice with entrees. Well, it seems Veda has since changed, because we received double the rice. I really think the online ordering system should indicate that rice comes with entrees, so people don't spend an extra few dollars for no reason. At the very least, the business could have called us to confirm that we wanted two orders of rice instead of just the one that comes with the entree.

My other gripe is that we ordered the tandoori chicken and thought we were receiving boneless kabobs, since the dish is listed under the kabobs section. However, the chicken was served on the bone. This would have been useful information because we would have ordered something else. Again, it comes down to the lack of description in the online ordering system.  

The vegetable samosas, garlic naan and chicken tikka makhani were all delicious. Veda, please make your online ordering a bit more user friendly!
I owe Veda an upgrade. My husband and I went recently with my in-laws and had a really fantastic meal! 

We shared a bunch of starters which were all delicious and everyone was pleased with their entrees as well. Our server (I can't remember her name but she's so sweet and I remembered her from when she worked at Sidecar) was great and very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list. I enjoyed several glasses of crisp white along with my meal. 

I've always considered Veda to be a pretty close tie with my other favorite Indian restaurant in town, but Veda might have a slight edge. I'm looking forward to my next meal, either in-house or via delivery.
Maybe it's because I'm always partial to a good curry, but Veda is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  After trying their weekend brunch, lunch buffet, happy hour, dinner, and takeout for dinner, every meal is both interesting and tasty.  I gravitate towards the sweeter and not as spicy dishes, but my friends who can handle the spice say their dishes taste pretty authentic.  The interior is decorated quite nicely, service has always been great, and I've never needed to make a reservation.  The one thing to note is that the prices tend to be on the higher side of the two dollar sign range.  Overall, I will definitely be coming back, and would recommend this restaurant to any and all who are in the area.
When it comes to service, ambiance, and decor, Veda is top-notch.  This upscale Indian eatery offers a bit of a fusion infused punch to Indian food.  Traditional Indian food enthusiasts may not be too enticed by Veda, since the prices are higher than your typical Indian fare.  But the price is part of the Rittenhouse Square location and the trendy, upscale feel of the restaurant.  

The Food:  We ordered the Chicken Makhani, Chicken Chettinad and the Tofu Green Peas Curry.  The Chicken entrees were good, especially the Chettinad.  This dish was everyone's favorite.  The Makhani was on the sweeter and creamier side; more than any of us preferred.  The Tofu and Green Peas was a disappointment.  Primarily because, it was mostly gravy.  There were hardly any peas and the tofu was a bit skimpy as well.  The serving dish for the vegetarian entree was about half the size of the chicken dishes.  I would not recommend ordering this entree. There was no substance to it.
My husband and I went here for restaurant week. I really enjoyed their preset menu and the array of choices they had to offer. We each order the $35 four course dinner. The only compliant I had for the night was the dessert. The ice cream was frozen and then it must have been melted to only be frozen again. So in other words... it had freezer burn on it. 

The typical menu is pretty pricey for the amount you actually receive. I almost fell off my chair when I saw the persons vindaloo next to me. $22 for a personal sized dish? Maybe it's just me, or the fact that my husband is south Asian... but this is highest vindaloo dish I have ever seen. I dine out in NYC frequently and I have never seen it priced this high. 

Anyways, service was amazing. Everyone worked together.. my table was constantly cleaned and each course was packed away neatly in a bag.

I do wish the dishes brought a little more heat. I asked for extra spicy (knowing that they would maybe add a couple of chili flakes.. based on the other reviews). When my food came out, my server asked if I would like hot sauce? Once again, I almost fell over. I have never had an Indian place ask if I wanted hot sauce with my dish. It's normally the exact opposite. 

Overall, this place is for people who want to try Indian flavors without actually trying the real dishes. Bring your friends or colleagues for a fancy dinner with amazing service. 

I wouldn't bring my in-laws here. They would be very confused.
Veda is now open for dinner and lunch so stop in if you like Indian cuisine. The restaurant is modern yet elegant and has an open airy feel that's missing in some smaller city establishments. High ceilings make the space seem larger. Nice bar area located in the front and separate from dining tables. 

We tried a couple of their specialty cocktails, the Veda Mule and the Shirtless Ghandi. I really enjoyed the Ghandi. The coconut flavor really came through. 

The menu seems to offer traditional dishes with an upscale and modern twist. There are numerous options for vegetarians and vegans to choose as well. We tried some of the small plates, Okra salad, Crispy Spinach Chaat, Lassoni Gobi (cauliflower). All were very interesting and flavorful. While these are smaller plates, they are a good size for sharing. We also got the Wild Mushroom Korma.  This was filled with fresh mushrooms and the taste really grew on me with each bite. This meal was served with rice. They have a variety of naan and we tried the goat cheese. If you like goat cheese, try it! 

Being a new establishment, the staff is making an effort to improve their service.  The general manager asked us about our experience, so that was nice personal touch. This is a moderately upscale place but is good for regular dining with friends or family, date nights, and special occasions.
This place is so good! We got a bunch of vegetarian and meat dishes to Accommodate our party of 10. Every single person was pleased with their food. This must have been the best indian food I've had in Philadelphia. My personal favorite was the gobi Manchuria, paneer makhani, and the biryani. All the vegetarian food I had was so flavorful and authentic. Also the drinks were strong and the waiter was helpful. I loved everything about this place and will definitely be going back.
WOW!!! About time center city has such a high caliber modern Indian fine dining restaurant. Every dish was exceptional. My favs were spinach chaat,  paneer, gobi, and the assorted naans! Everything was delicious. You have to try the Kulfi!!! It's out of this world!

The service was amazing. The manager came by and made sure everything was perfect. Made us feel very welcomed. 

The bar is top-knot and has lots of fun cocktails. My wife loved the "Laila".  I had the Gabbar and "Shirtless Gandhi". 

We will def be returning.
Poor service and mediocre food in a beautiful dining setting pretty much wraps up my experience at Veda.

Visually, the restaurant is very appealing. I love the large bookshelf that acts like a barrier by the entryway. The decor is modern, clean and classy. 

In contrast, the service was abysmal. When the waiter finally came over and asked if we had questions about the menu, I asked a question, and then he quickly answered and before I could get another word out, quickly said he would be back later to answer questions then ran off. Ummm....then why did you ask me if I had any questions? The waiter took at least 20 minutes to bring my friend's beer which he asked about and finally when it came it was cider and not beer.  Everything was taking forever. 

The appetizers finally came out. The Samosa was okay. It was your standard samosa. At least it was hot. The chutneys left something to be desired. The mint had no heat and the tamarind was more sweet than sour. Surprisingly, the appetizer was the best part of the meal. 

We had to wait what seemed like forever for the main course. I had Chicken Tikka Makhani (burnt ginger, tomatoes, honey, fenugreek greens) which was typical for what I would expect for a cheap Indian buffet that college kids would frequent. It was weak in terms of spice flavor and heat. It also came out the temperature of luke warm bath water. The chicken breast was so dry and bland. I didn't see any evidence of the fenugreek greens either. I cook these myself at home when I make Indian food. Heavy cream and dry chicken were the dominating flavors. This dish was nowhere near close to being worthy of the $19 price tag. 

The rice didn't have the best texture and seemed overcooked It looked pretty in the silver container with some almonds and drops of saffron water, but wasn't the most flavorful basmati. The sage and onion nan had the dominant flavor of garlic. Maybe they gave us the wrong one? It was okay, but lacked the fluffy top and crispy bottom that one desires with a piece of nan. 

At one point when they finally, finally came by to clear our  plates I had to lean back to avoid getting hit in the face with a stack of plates as the waiter reached over me. The more I leaned backward, the more he pushed the plates towards me. He reached over others to refill water. It seemed like there was no training and it was very unprofessional and awkward. Unfortunately, or fortunately in this case, we only got one refill of water. Several times during the meal this horrible feedback would come over the speaker. I also swatted at a couple gnats during our meal.

The food is bland, overpriced, and not hot in either spice or temperature. We were there for almost three hours and just had samosas and main courses. Thankfully there is a Yelp check-in coupon that helped bring down there inflated prices a little. I have yet to find Indian food in Philly that keeps me coming back. I will continue to trek it over to North Jersey to get my fix for now.
Wonderful new Indian restaurant and in a great location!
First, Veda is beautiful in side.  The decor was very well done with the exception of some light issues.  It was VERY bright inside.  Hopefully they can correct that.
Service was very good and attentive.  Food came in a good amount of time.  We ordered the Mushroom Korma, Tofu Green Peas Curry, Goan Shrimp Curry and the Masala Hummus Platter.  ALL were very well done.  SO DELICIOUS and quite honestly, probably the best Indian food I've had in Philly.
Girly note... loved having the framed mirrors by the tables.  I could check my teeth, lipstick and hair during the meal.  HAHA
I hope they are very successful!  I will definitely go back and have already started to tell friends about them!
Ever since I spent 3 months living in India earlier this year, I've been seeking an authentic tasting Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and have little luck. So, when Veda opened recently, I was very excited to give a try. Loved it! So many great things about Veda. 

FOOD
+ Crispy Spinach chaat was the best I've ever had in Philly. This dish was amazing. 
+ Chicken Reshmi Kebob was good, very tender chicken, but the best part was the chutneys for dipping.
+ Chicken Biryani was the best Biryani I've had in Philly. Biryani is a very risky dish to order, because its never made good enough, and never enough spices (I stayed 3 weeks in Hyderabad and know all about the famous Biryani there). However, Veda does it right! You could ask for it to be a bit spicier, but for the average person, its perfect. Its even served in very cute ceramic bowl with the dough baked around it so the rice cooks up all the flavors. Soooo amazing, this dish impressed me! 
+ Paneer Makhani was also amazing. This is one of my favorite "classic" Indian dishes, and Veda does it really well. The sauce is a tad sweet, but otherwise my 2nd favorite I've had in Philly. I was so full, but would not let any piece of this go to waste. 

DESSERT & DRINKS
+ Gulab Jamun!  For $7, this is overpriced, but I can't turn down a perfect gulab jamun with ice cream. However, I asked for cardamom ice cream, but the dish was served with vanilla instead. I was going to send it back, but it was so good I ate it anyway (couldn't let it melt!) I'll try the cardamom ice cream next time. 
- Chai was slightly disappointing. For $3.50/ glass, my chai smelled amazing, but tasted bland. It needed much more cloves, ginger, or cardamom. 
- Cocktails were unique, but $12 a glass is too much money. Get a mocktail if you don't want booze for half the price. 

SERVICE
Amazing. Our waiter was fantastic, friendly, and on top of his game. Recommended some great wine, and always checked back on us (except when it was time to pay the bill, maybe he wanted to keep us there longer haha). 

ATMOSPHERE
+ Adorable! I love the entrance, its like you're walking into a grand store, or a bookstore, not a restaurant. Helpful for winter time, because the cold air does not hit the customers since there's 2 sets of doors to the entrance. 

HAPPY HOUR - I didn't make it, but I will come back for it! $3-5 beers, wine, cocktails, and $5 apps. Yes please! I also want to come back for lunch. I would like to try a good Thali plate. 

5 stars.
Been to Veda a few times and love especially its Happy Hour (my fav HH spot in center city Philly). Their HH menu usually contains a number of drinks and 6 or so food options, all of which are around $6 or $5. However, the quality of the food you get is insanely goooooood -- talking about super soft and tender pork ribs, which are thoroughly covered by deep flavors; or, rightly crispy fried fish that are coupled with sweet spicy sour green sauce... 

Service here is very friendly and welcoming as well. They keep asking to make sure you are doing fine and are very easy to talk to.

In summary, if you crave for tasty and wallet friendly modern Indian fusion food while wanting some welcoming atmosphere, do come check out Veda!
tl;dr this modern take on traditional Indian cuisine never quite hits the mark

Veda sits on the first floor of an apartment complex, just off the busy intersection of 20th and Chestnut. While the waiting area itself is bright and white, walk through Veda's automatic sliding doors to immediately be ushered into a chic Rittenhouse restaurant with tall ceilings, whitewashed exposed brick, and vibrant red walls. Desi art and Urdu calligraphy decorate the walls. The host counter is flanked by a cubby bookcase, stocked with Ten Thousand Villages-esque trinkets and books. Low-key, modern music echoes softly against the chatter of the restaurant-goers. My partner and I stopped by just before 6PM on Saturday to take advantage of Veda's everyday happy hour. Be warned, while you can order any normal menu items in the bar area, the happy hour specials are limited to the bar. By 6:30, the entire bar area was filled, while a line of parties trailed into the waiting area. Service was quick and friendly, and the bartender walked me through the draft menu to choose something I would enjoy. My partner enjoyed her Laila cocktail, while I opted for a 2sp Delco Lager.

Like many Rittenhouse restaurants, Veda amps up its decor (and its prices), but the food never quite lives up to the hype. My partner and I ordered an assortment of happy hour dishes to split: the Calcutta Pork Ribs, the Paneer Masala Tacos, the Goat Cheese Naan, the Malabar Fish Fry, the Desi Tadka Lentil Risotto, and the Goan Crab Cake. The 3 ribs were good, but not great: they had a nice char and were coated with a generous amount of chutney; however, while the glaze had a small zing, it only faintly tasted of mango. The 2 tacos were probably our favorite dish of the night -- the achari mayo nicely complemented the paneer. The only critique was that there was no crunch besides he single jalapeño topping each taco. On to the naan, the first piece (of 4) didn't have any goat cheese, which was a shame because it was the goat cheese in the middle transformed it into a dish rather than a side. Like the taco, I feel as though the naan could've benefited from being crispier and butterier. The crab cake had lots of meat and tasted good overall, but the chutney tasted more like pasta sauce. The fish fry reminded me of fish sticks, but the batter seemed undercooked and the sauce was underwhelming. The risotto was by far the worst dish of the bunch -- it was dry (shockingly, for risotto) and one-dimensional, and smelled more like peanuts other than it tasted.

Overall, Veda was decent and little more. I've had better Indian food, and I've had better fusion food. While I didn't feel bad looking at my $50 check for two, I can't imagine spending full price for some of the happy hour specials.
It can be a nerve wracking thing to bring an Indian friend to a fancy new Indian restaurant with some fusion things on the menu, and even more intimidating to bring coworkers who are beer and steak and potato types. Somehow, Veda pleased them all.

Happy hour here is incredible. Great discounts on food, cocktails, beer, and wine. The Old Fashioned and the Laila were on special and both delicious. The Calcutta ribs and spinach chat were good sized portions and very good- must order. The potato patties were good too and also a decent sized portion. Happy hour is only at the bar, but its a nice sized space with some room for standing and seating.

Dinner here was just as solid. We enjoyed the cauliflower app (almost like general tsos cauliflower), goan shrimp curry (rarely seen on menus according to my friend), the lamb vindaloo (tender lamb, not too spicy), the paneer makhni (creamy and delicious), the gulab jamus (we asked them to swap the vanilla for cardamom ice cream), and a reasonably priced $40 bottle of wine. My friends weren't a fan of the goat cheese naan but the garlic and herb was delicious.

Don't forget to check in on yelp for 20% discount! Will definitely be back for happy hour, and for their lunch special too!
This is a great little Indian restaurant hot spot!!  I went with friends to celebrate her birthday.  We were able to sit at the beautiful table in the back with the amazing accent wall. Great atmosphere - great energy!!  The food was pretty amazing too.  I highly recommend the crispy spinach chaat - delicious!!  The lamb roganjosh was good too.  

The only reason it doesn't get a full 5 stars is the menu and pricing. We decided to split a bottle of wine based on what was on the menu. When the check came the price of the bottle was almost doubled.  When we asked the waiter what happened, he owned that he had served a higher priced wine (not listed on the menu).  When we stated that was not what was ordered or offered on the menu, he was only able to offer a discount - still more than what we were expecting to pay for the bottle; disappointing to say the least.  My advice - pay close attention to what they serve you and carefully review your bill.
The spinach chaat was amazing! I would recommend ordering a few small dishes and large dishes depending on your group size. The chicken makhani was a little bland, but you can order everything more spicy if you want. Also, the ambiance was beautiful! Great for a date or group hang out :)
While this review is solely based on my happy hour experience, I see no reason why Veda would be anything less than five stars.

We arrived and quickly sat at the bar.  They offer a great happy hour including both food and drink.  The bartender explained our options and was very flexible as to what draft was included in the happy hour.  I ended up with a top notch happy hour cocktail!

We pretty much sampled every happy hour food item on the menu and I'm sure glad we did.  They offer a Crispy Spinach Chaat which I actually didn't want to order but was totally delish.  Its a rare moment when I admit I'm wrong!  The Calcutta Pork Ribs (4 per order) seemed to just fall off the bone.  The Masala Hummus Platter was a great portion and the garlic naan paired well with everything.  The Chicken Murmuri Rolls didn't have a huge spice kick and went quickly.  As we finished every bite, we watched more orders pass us.  I don't think there was a single dish I didn't say 'let's get one of those'.

The atmosphere was great. The place is huge (doesn't appear so on the outside) and shows very well.  I mentioned the bartender, but really all the staff I interacted with were top notch.  Certainly calls as an excellent date place or just a good happy hour visit.  I'll be returning for a full dinner - even if I was happily full with the happy hour!
This is a unique place. 

My wife and I are Indian food connoisseurs. We've had it all over the city. 

And there was a lot that we really liked here. 

The Paneer Makhani was quite tasty. We really loved the Reshmi Kabob. She really loved the Drunken Lassi. We also sampled the ribs and samosas. We enjoyed everything we ate.  

But I would also say that if we are in the city looking for authentic Indian food, this wouldn't be our choice. 

It's excellent cuisine. But it's very Americanized. Which is perfectly ok. 

Of everything we ate, the Reshmi Kabob was the star for us. That's one dish worth coming back for.
Dear Chef Vipul - please reteach the cooks how to make your classics. This was a big disappointment. It's clear they have not made an effort to maintain the food quality from his other restaurants. 

First, I love the original restaurant by the Chef (Coriander in South Jersey), and that remains one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the world. Their second restaurant, Indiya in Collingswood, is also very good. Veda takes a few of the most popular dishes from those menus, adds a few new ones, and presents a more chic and sleek restaurant in Philly. While I like the decor, the food quality is a huge miss. 

I don't know if it's intentional or not, but the best dishes from the original menu were all less flavorful at Veda. Much much less flavorful. E.g. Paneer Makhani and Chicken Lababdar are 2 of the classics from Coriander / Indiya, and they both fell flat here. I wanted to like Veda to finally have a good Indian option in Philly, but, alas, there are still none. The menu itself, while it includes some less traditional dishes, lacks the breadth that you expect from a good Indian restaurant, though it makes sense given the target audience.
Love love love love love love love 

Can you be obsessed with a restaurant? Is it BAD that I've already had this about 4 times and they've only been open a month ish? This review was a while coming, but considering I just placed my 5th order via postmates, I think it's time.

First impressions: 
this restaurant is beautiful. It was formally an Italian place with a standard Italian name, nothing catchy. So glad that something exciting came into the space!

Menu: 
the menu reflects that of Coriander in Voorhees and Indiya in Collingswood. From what I hear, it's the same chef - which really helps Veda stand to their credibility. Incredible food! The manager, Inder, came over to tell us that he plans on changing up the menu to incorporate a more fusion theme as the year progresses. This sounds like a great idea, though I am weary of vegetarian/vegan options in the future.

Favorites: 
GOAT CHEESE NAAN! Holy hell, why has no Indian restaurant ever thought of this before? I ordered it each time I came with a new friend.. A big hit - every.single.time.

Okra Salad -- loved it! I would totally eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner.

Curries -- all great, be sure to adjust for spice level. I like my food on the spicier side and they delivered. The standard is pretty mild to cater to a diverse audience.

Apple Jalebi -- loved this! Though an actual 'jalebi' would have been exciting to eat in a fancy format. 

Cardamom ice cream -- my roommate was in love with this. 

Drinks -- if there's any part of me that wants to nag about something, it's probably this. Cool names, but the presentation was pretty mediocre. We're in a city that's all about the drinks, given the price point, I want something I can Instagram the crap out of. I'm pretty sure I've tried most of their signature recipes at this point - all lovely.

Portions -- okay okay, I'm usually pretty level headed about this. I get it from a business perspective, but in comparison to other Indian places - higher end or lower-- (Indeblue, Coriander, Indiya, Tiffin, New Delhi, Sitar) - their portions don't make the most sense, and it's just not what the Philly market is used to. Plop this restaurant in NYC and you could get away with a smaller portion. But we're in Philly, people just aren't totally ready for that here. Perhaps have a "side" and "entree" curry price? That might ease the tension. 

Overall, I love this place. And you will too. Go for happy hour, go for restaurant week, take your mom, take your girlfriend. You won't be disappointed. Ever.

Shout out to the amazing manager, Inder. He's came over to my table every single visit and always ask about our meal. He probably thinks I'm super creepy for visiting so often but I can't help it.. I just really like the goat cheese naan, man. Superior quality, superior service.  Go!
This place is my new favourite Indian spot in the city. My girl and I went there tonight and we were the only ones in the restaurant since it just opened a few days ago. We were a little skeptical at first but the service was INCREDIBLE. Don't be afraid to go in if its empty....people will start filling the place soon! 

We ordered the crispy cauliflower to start - amazing. So delicious. For our mains we did the mushroom korma and chicken tikka. Korma was mild and creamy. Tikka was thick and a little spicy. Both very very good. Rice was tasty too. But the Naan bread...oh man. This might have been the best naan bread I've ever had. Get the one with garlic and herbs...$3 for a ton of it. 

All in all, we'll definitely be back. Best Indian food in Center city with a very slick vibe.
Checked out the new Veda for drinks on a Saturday night. They have a lively bar and decent bar menu. Great place if you want unique Indian themed cocktails as I don't know if that exists anywhere else. Decent prices for wine and the restaurant was still packed at close to 11pm.  Looking forward to trying the food soon!
I have been to Veda twice for drinks and small plates at the bar. If I had written this review after my first visit, I would have given it one star for the miserable, zombie-ish bar staff and 4 stars for the food. A second visit changed my rating.

The first time I was here, I met a friend specifically for happy hour. We got to Veda a few minutes after 5 p.m., the start of their happy hour. We sat at the bar and watched everyone behind it doing the kind of prep that should have been done an hour before; chopping ice, polishing glasses and so on. There is an ugly, miserable looking youngish woman who tends bar at Veda and unfortunately she waited on us that night. Of course, she paid us no mind for a good 10 minutes until my friend asked if happy hour had started and if so, could we get drinks and food. We were grudgingly handed menus and Miz Misery went back to her corner to glare at patrons. We sat and sat and finally I asked if someone could please take our order, so that was grudgingly done. 

There is an Indian style Old Fashioned (Gabbar) drink on the happy hour menu that looked very sweet so my companion asked if the bartender could dial back on the simple syrup. The woman never looked up or acknowledged the request. I didn't like the sound of any of the happy hour cocktails so I ordered a Manhattan which was well done. The happy hour plates are excellent and I would highly recommend the Crispy Spinach Chaat, the samosas (potato), the okra salad (crisp and amazing!), the Chicken Murmuri Rolls and the Lassoni Gobi (cauliflower). The spinach chaat and the cauliflower dish were so good, we had a second order of each one. We also ordered the crab cakes and the fish piri piri. Both were utterly foul. The crabcakes tasted heavily and badly fishy, mushy and old-like they were badly prepared and then thawed, frozen and rethawed. They did NOT taste at all like crab. The fish was tilapia and it was greasy and the the piri piri sauce was bitter and way way way too spicy, even though we asked for a "level 3" of heat. We sent both back as inedible. 

There were probably 4 people behind the bar, just standing blank faced like they were contemplating a firing squad. There was no conversing with patrons or even interacting with each other. My friend and I felt unwelcome so we finished our food and drink and went elsewhere. 

I had spent the day with another friend this past week and dropped her off but did not feel ready to go home. I was passing Veda and decided to have a drink before heading back to my house. The bar was busy as most are on a weekend, but I got a seat at the end of the bar and thanks to Raul, one of the nicest barmen I have ever met, I had a fantastic time. Raul loves what he does, he will make you a killer custom drink, he is chatty without being annoying and he has a tremendous sense of timing. He crafts magical cocktails, is adept at the art of bar small talk and is a friendly man who has the art of hospitality down to a "t." The miserable female bartender was again down at the other end of the bar, glaring at people and clearly hating her job, her life and everyone around her. If the only seat available had been at her station, I would have walked out. Raul is a very tall young man with a full, beautiful black beard. If you go to Veda or pass by and see him at the bar-run for a seat and let him work his ethanol magic on you.
After exactly 2 hours and 10 mins from the time we sat, we were explicitly asked to vacate our table so they could seat the next party. We were ontime fir our reservation. Our table of 4 people ordered 5 alcoholic drinks, 1 appetizer, 4 entrees plus 2 orders of bread, 2 desserts, and thus there was no shortage of food for the managers to complain that we occupied the table of 4 without eating. We were 4 well behaved adults and in no way rowdy either. All we were doing was eating and chatting, both of which are expected in a restaurant. The server also often cleared up some of our plates while some of us were still eating (!) I have been to hundreds of restaurant in my life and never been explicitly asked to get up and leave. Giving hints is one thing, explicitly asking to leave is completely unheard of!

I am fairly certain if the owners read this review they would be flabbergasted to know their staff did this! Telling 4 people seated on a table for exactly 2 hours 10 mins to leave so as to seat the next party is a COMPLETE no no in the culinary world!
Our group of friends hosted a bridal dinner/baby sprinkle at Veda and had an amazing experience - they had an adorable private area for us, blocked off with some curtains.  The space was perfect, room to move around but intimate.  And the service was great - our waiter and his team were on top of pretty much everything.  

We decided to let our friends order the food and enjoy it family style.  I literally could have eaten an entire gallon of the crispy spinach chaat and will be going back for this repeatedly.  Like every time I work in the city I will be eating this.  We also enjoyed the egg roll and the chicken tikka masala kabob appetizers.  

We also ordered a bunch of the main meals - we did the mushrooms and gocbhi mutter from a vegetarian standpoint (the mushrooms were in a delicious sauce, but some were a bit chewy - all in all, great flavor, but could have been cooked a bit better).  On the meat side we did a lamb and chicken dish  -- I'm finding out which ones!  The lamb was pretty spicy (I like spice) and wasn't crazy about the sauce.  The chicken was delicious - I could eat it + Naan + the sauce all day long. 

All in all it was a great dinner and a great experience - I highly recommend checking them out!

I almost forgot the beverages  -- the general consensus was the Laila was great for summertime!  And we enjoyed a bottle of the Grenache wine - can't go wrong with either it seems!
I've been to Veda for their lunch buffet and happy hour, and both have great food options and are really good deals! The lunch hour buffet is your typical Indian style buffet, with most popular Indian dish options. It's also a quicker lunch than you'd think because you can just go ahead and start eating when you get there and don't have to wait to order and for the food to come out. 

I had also heard great things about their happy hour, and it did not disappoint. They have an old fashion on tap, which is on their HH menu and actually very good for being on tap. They have a few cocktail options for HH, all at a very cheap price, so it's a great deal. They also have really reasonably sized dishes at HH prices, which goes from 5-7 every day! I'll definitely do HH again here.
First off, let me just say that I was supremely impressed by the Chicken Biryani at Veda. It was served in clay pot. My absolute simple, one pot wonder, full of spice and curry flavor. 
- Totally loved the modern and classy decor.
- It cost us an arm and a leg.
- The service wasn't as we desired.
If I ever go back, it'll be just for the Biryani. Nom nom nom!

Three solid Yelps.
Really just overall a fantastic meal. Drinks to start were delicious - got the Punjabi sour and it was phenomenal. Good fresh citrus and the dried lime was a really interesting cool touch. Appetizers were all to die for. My personal favorite were the chicken roll ones (forgetting the name) - but friends really seemed to love the lassoni gobi cauliflower dish. For a meal I got the chicken chettinad and it was incredible. Sometimes I worry it will be too flavorful and will get monotonous but I didn't get bored at all and enjoyed every bite. Would definitely definitely go again. Great spot with friends - might've been nice to split entrees also to try multiple things.
We had such an amazing dining experience at Veda. I was previously not a huge fan of Indian food... but then I went to Veda and that quickly changed. Their modern-style Indian bistro brings a delicious variety of flavor and excitement to each dish.

Both the GM, Hayden, and our waitress, Sami were so kind, helpful and welcoming. Not to mention, the interior of the restaurant is quite beautiful. An overall great ambiance and a great photo spot for those who come in groups for a special occasion. 

My personal favorite item we ordered was the crispy spinach chaat. It was bursting with flavor and truly addicting, so delicious! We also ordered the (hot and fresh from the oven) garlic naan bread with herbs- also a favorite of ours, especially when dipped in the chicken makhani sauce (similar to Chicken Tikki Masala). The chicken makhani was another favorite of ours. It came in a metal bowl, saturated in sauce with a side of rice. We also ordered the tandoori shrimp as an appetizer. These jumbo shrimp were so large and delicious. The chicken biryani comes in a pot that is surrounded by dough at the top- excellent for dipping in the sauces as well. We finished our meal with the Kulfi with poached blueberries (hard ice cream style dish). From one thing to the next, we fell in love with Veda. We both would recommend Veda as the best Indian food in Philadelphia! 

-@Coupleatss of Instagram
(Peri & Alex)
Found this great spot while spending some time in Philly!! The food at Veda felt like a breath of fresh air. Having been to other Indian restaurants, you expect the typical menus but at Veda we were happily surprised. 

Our starters tasted wonderful! It was definitely something I've never had before which made my visit there that much more exciting. I was trying new foods that are normally out of my comfort zone. My favorite starter was hands down the okra salad and definitely the lamb for entree. We also had the blueberry Khulfi which was the best way to end our meal there. 
I can't forget to mention the drinks there...definitely try "the last train to New Delhi" ...it'll be one of the favorites you will be back for.
i know Veda has been opened for a while, but i never had a chance to visit until now.  one of my coworkers highly recommended Veda for the non meat sections and amazing flavors offered there.  one afternoon we stopped by for lunch and found out they offer a premium lunch buffet for $15! when i say premium, it's not hype.  there was first the salad bar with couple varieties.  then for entree, there were about 10 to 15 choices to choose from! i would say about half was vegetarian and there were multiple chicken entrees to indulge from.  my favorite was the chicken tika masala since i love the creaminess of the curry.  along with the buffet, each table is also served with fresh nan! that day's lunch was glorious! plenty of food to enjoy and great variety of different veggies and curries to choose from!

happy hour is also a great experience with good selections of snacks and refreshing cocktails! i loved the fry fish and smoked ribs. Their old fashion was on point! much stronger than it tasted so beware!

will definitely return for another feast!
Awesome food! My sis and I went for Happy Hour and, my goodness, the bar food was so good! We had the chicken murmuri rolls and the samosas. In terms of the drinks: My Old Fashioned tasted like a typical Old Fashioned, nothing really remarkable but still well-made. I think my sister was more impressed by hers (some kind of cucumber drink) than I was by mine. But the food-- so good! Can't wait to come back for dinner. They have a 20% off coupon for Yelp check-ins.
In my experience of Indian dining establishments, the quality and authenticity of the food is inversely proportional to the restaurant's physical interior.  The best Indian food I have ever had was in a (most likely illegal) convenience store backroom with a literal hole in the wall for food orders.  Veda is probably the fanciest Indian restaurant I have ever and will ever experience, and the rule of inverse proportion applies here--their menu skews toward modern fusion, and the spice flavors are significantly reduced compared to more humble Indian kitchens.  Overall, they provide a good lunch value, but I can't imagine returning again when there is more amazing Indian food to be discovered in this city.
Tip:
1. Spicy scale is no joke, its not an American spice scale- I got the 2 (out of 5) and felt the burn!

Had a really lovely meal here on Saturday night!  I will preface this that I love London style Indian curries, so my palate may be used to more cream / less spice than others.

Why have I never thought of a mango lassi cocktail before?  It was the perfect accompaniment to our spicy entrees.  Their whole cocktail menu was great!  We started with some delicious veggie samosas, with some fun adult drinks: mango lassi cocktail and a desi mule.  For entrees we had the Chicken Tikka Makhani (creamy, comforting) and Chicken Lababdar (spicy!). The Labaabdar was different from what I was expecting but very good- with onions and lots of pepper.  

Ambiance and service were both great, and there is an area in the back that looks like it can accommodate large parties.  I thought the prices were very fair, good size portions with enough for left overs.  

Will be back!
5 stars for the food which was entirely delicious but the service was very lacking. 

Food:
-the fried okra was the biggest surprise and hit at our table, super crunchy and suburb flavor 
-the cauliflower was also delectable 
-the main dishes we had were all quite good, though rather small portions for the price 

Service:
-Front of house:When we arrived, the hostess did not greet us and we stood there awkwardly for several minutes as she kept coming and going. Finally after flagging her down, we were taken to our table and told they had run out of drink menus but would grab one for us shortly. No drink menu ever arrived, and we waited for quite a while before our server came by. 
-Server: He was pleasant enough, but we struck up a convo with the table next to ours, who asked twice about one of their dishes that had had come out, and in the end they never received it with no apology. We had ordered a bottle of sparkling water (was one of the large peligrino type)and TWICE someone came by and filled our half full glass with regular water before we could stop them, runinjng the sparkling. Neither time did they rectify this, and never once did we ever even get a refill on our sparkling water after asking. 

My biggest gripe is that we were only a party of 3, yet gratuity was automatically added (21%) with an area asking to add additional gratuity. I pretty much always tip at least this much, so that's not the issue, but I even asked the table we had struck up the convo with, and their bill did not have it automatically added. It basically offended us, and we can only presume they felt we would not tip well?? 

Overall, I would never come back to dine in this establishment, but would stick to take out from them.
Veda is a stylish and up-to-date Indian bistro on the western side of Center City Philadelphia.  It has built a following and is currently offering both indoor and sidewalk dining.  I had a decent late lunch there recently which I was pleased with.

My first course was a very tasty Mumbai Lamb Keema Pao.  This Bombay dish was well prepared and came with a salad.  My main course also hit the spot.  It was a Chicken Lababdar.  This closely-related-to Chicken Tikka dish only needed a bit of spice to enliven it and a housemade chile sauce accomplished this.  But the most superlative item was a dessert which has never happened to me before in an Indian restaurant.  However the delicious white chocolate raspberry Shrikhand was just what my taste buds were waiting for.

Service was efficient although it was slightly off-putting when I walked in to be immediately told they were closing in 35 minutes.  Were they trying to tell me not to eat here or that there wasn't enough time to dine?  After we cleared this up, I did stay and enjoyed my lunch.
Moving up from Baltimore, MD I had amazing Indian food there so I had high hope for Indian food in Philly especially here with so many good reviews...and then what a disappointment. 

We went there for a lunch buffet on a Monday and honestly I just wanted to walk out of there the moment I saw the food on display. They were not bad but definitely not good compared to what i expected or had Indian food elsewhere. 

 I was craving for some paneer tikka masala but didn't see it offered on the menu so I asked mr.waiter and he informed me that the paneer mikka is similar......I ordered it for to go so I could feed my crave, nah it doesn't taste like paneer tikka masala at all. And didn't like it either. 

Service was wonderful from the door to the table and back to the door but that alone is not enough for me to come back. 
The mango lassi is perfect, to my surprise we got them as complimentary. Thanks!
Three words - thali lunch special! 

Came here for lunch with some coworkers. Was very pleasantly surprised by the lunch deal. You have a choice of several options and get 5 different plates brought out as once for your meal. I had the spinach paneer which was amazing and the lentils! 

Some of my coworkers tried the other dishes and they were equally as delicious. (Not to mention you get to pick a dessert too!) We were amazed by the wait staff and completely full from this meal.
It's disappointing to say that Veda is no more in my good books. I have been here multiple times for lunch and happy hour. I decided to take my colleagues for lunch and we were party of 4. When we first entered we were told there was a big party coming so they couldn't give us a table but we could sit at the bar. We decided to leave and there came this guy saying we can accommodate you. Well we were happy that they were so considerate and gave us the table. While we were seated we weren't told that we had to empty the table quickly. We were just half way done and he came and told us there was another party coming in so if we could wrap up sooner. Well buffet + girls rushed in 30 mins to walk out wasn't the best experience. I would have really appreciated if we were told upfront that we give you table but will need to leave in 30mins we would have made our choices however you cannot do that after we have started eating and still just half way through the meal. DISAPPOINTING. Also the quality and variety of food has degraded over time. The food wasn't very hot and didn't taste very fresh. Thanks Veda I am done with you!!!!
I love this new change up in typical Indian food. It's a little pricier but the food is unique and definitely seems to have more flavor. 
We started with a bunch of appetizers including chicken tacos, spinach chaat, and aloo gobi. I wasn't a fan of the chicken app the waiter said they're famous for.. it was bland. 
For or mains we had channa and dal makhani (both okay). And the malai kofta was the best thing ever. 
We finished our meal with gulab jamun and 3 ice creams. Dessert was delicious except for the guava ice cream (just tasted like fake flavored frost). 

Overall, get the tacos, spinach chaat and the kofta. I'll be back to try some more dishes.
After hearing good things about a new trendy Indian restaurant in Philly, I decided to check this place out with a group of friends. We made a reservation but on a weekday you might be able to get away without one. When you walk into the restaurant, Veda has a welcoming open feel. There is a bar at the front and a large dining space with nice lighting and bright colors in the back. We were greeted by an extremely friendly waiter who certainly kept us entertained throughout the meal. 

As a "modern" Indian bistro, they have a nice selection of fancy cocktails and wines to accompany your meal. For the table, we started with the crispy spinach chaat, tandoori chicken, and the naan basket. The crispy spinach chaat was amazing, it was fried but delicate and wonderfully spiced. Would highly recommend. I'm glad we split the naan basket among 4 people as it comes with a variety of 12 pieces so we all got to try different types. I would also suggest ordering the mango chutney which is like a sweet jam that can be spread on the naan. 

For our mains, we tried the lamb vindaloo, the lamb biryani (not on the menu but you can ask for it!), and the paneer makhani. A word of warning, when they ask if you want "a kick" this is actually spicy. I love spicy too but thought the lamb vindaloo might have been better with their regular amount of spice. The paneer makhani was my favorite, delicious cottage cheese covered in a flavorful "fenugreek greens" sauce. 

Overall, I think this was a very nice experience and I like the modern take on these traditional classics. This was nice for a group of friends or family since you can share a lot of dishes but could even be good for a date.
BEST INDIAN FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD IN AMERICA EVER!!!!!

I had the paneer and garlic nann and the butternut squash soup. It was so good
A friend of mine recently suggested we meet up for Happy hour here and I am SO GLAD to have come here. The happy hour food was the first time I have eaten Indian food in my life. I was always skeptical because like typical picky eater " I don't like spicy food". This however, was a positive experience. 

First off, I have been to several Indian restaurant ( I have never managed to eat at one though) and this one had a very upscale ambiance to it than the others. The happy hour menu had some very good deals as most meals were about $5 to try. I tried three different things that were really good. The Ragda patties, Chicken Murmuri Rolls, and the Calcutta Pork Ribs. ALL OF THESE WERE GREAT!!!!  I could not get enough of either options.The drinks were really good as well. The staff was excellent and knowledgeable in recommending certain things to us. 

I would like to come back here and try full menu at another time.
Delicious Indian fusion restaurant in Philly! My friend and I came here for a Restaurant Week lunch for $20, which was so worth it.
We decided to share our 3 courses since we wanted to sample 6 different dishes. It was pretty hard to decide which ones to get!

In the end, we got Crispy Lasooni Gobi (crispy cauliflower in a tangy garlic sauce) and Ragda Patties (seasoned potato cakes, chickpeas, onions, tamarind chutney, cilantro) for our appetizers. The cauliflower was by far my favorite appetizer but the potato cakes were also great.

For the entrees, we got the Mirch Baingan Ka Salan (baby eggplant & peppers simmered in a sesame-peanut gravy with a hint of tamarind) and the Kadai Mushroom (crimini mushrooms, coriander, pepper flakes, garlic, tomatoes, fenugreek). Once again, I had a definite favorite - the eggplant! I'm not sure I would get the mushrooms again to be honest, as they were pretty bland.

Finally, for dessert, we got the Gulab Jamun and Dal Halwa (made with yellow lentils, cardamom, and pistachios). I'm a bit confused about the Gulab Jamun though - on the Restaurant Week website, it listed it as "Gulab Jamun With Ice-cream - Khoya Beignet, Rose Flavored Syrup, Warm Scoop Of Vanilla" but we didn't get any ice cream when we ordered this. On their website, they list this dessert without the ice cream so maybe make sure to check their website for the most up-to-date offerings instead. Both desserts were good but I loved the halwa as it wasn't too sweet.

The overall experience was still great though. Service was top-notch! I don't think I've ever had such attentive waiters and waitresses refilling my water before. It was definitely appreciated.
I took my sister to dinner at Veda and we had a lovely evening together. We ordered the crispy spinach chaat, ragda patties, chicken biryani, paneer palak, lamb vindaloo, and naan bread basket as well as a few drinks between us. I got the drunken lassi (which is what you would expect, just a boozed up lassi - would recommend!).

My personal favorites were the spinach chaat and the chicken biryani - the biryani was spiced to perfection and the flavor was just incredible. The crispy spinach chaat was so crunchy and perfect and pretty unique. The lamb was extremely tender in the vindaloo, though we wished it was spicier. We didn't ask if we could choose a spice level so next time we may have to try.

The paneer palak was good but not my favorite, I think I've had more savory and deep flavored ones other places in the city although the cottage cheese cubes themselves were well done and delicious.  And of course we got dessert! We ordered the kulfi topped with blueberries - the ice cream had a subtle cardamom flavor and it was so creamy and delightful.

The service was incredible, our waitress was extremely polite and attentive. The interior has a nice atmosphere, very charming and elegant and perfect as a romantic spot.

As far as Indian places go in the city, it's not my absolute favorite but it is good enough that I would 100% return and recommend to anyone who has a craving for it.
Absolutely delicious!!! We ordered ragda patties, kathi rolls, corn soup, chole bature, lamb biryani, and gulab jamun. Everything was perfectly made and rich in flavor. Great ambience and the staff were friendly. Easy to reserve a table through the OpenTable app!
Ordered take out from here a few nights ago and was pretty pleased for the most part. I was not particularly pleased by the price to dish size ratio...which seems to display itself more negatively when ordering takeout. I ordered the cauliflower (lassoni gobi), the chicken Tikka makhani, an order of plain naan and the goat cheese naan for a total of $39. 

The cauliflower was amazing- lost its crunch a little on the take out part but flavor was amazing- can't wait to order this again. The chicken tikka was pretty tasty- good amount of chicken but overall just quite small for $19 I barely got 2 smaller size servings out of it and there could have been more sauce...this versus another favorite of mine ekta who prices theirs $5 less and seemingly double in size. However, this place is going for a different more upscale vibe than a place like ekta so I won't hold it too much against them. The naan was just ok. Little dry and flat. Wasn't wowed by the goat cheese naan as others have been. 

The restaurant itself is beautiful, with a big nice sized bar and excellent cocktail menu. I will definitely come back to eat here in person but will think twice about ordering take out.
Came just for happy hour in the evening hours of a Friday in the summer. Had been wanting to try this place after passing by many times while taking strolls down Chestnut Street. After failing to get any happy hours in center city as everything was jam packed this Labor Day weekend, we were greeted by the very friendly hostess who showed us to the small bar area that was filled with people. Just enough room. If you're here for the HH I recommend coming early or towards the end because in the meantime it can be difficult.

The drink options were probably standard for a center city HH but I was delighted to see the food options seemed to have some versatility. Now I know this is Indian cuisine but based on their HH menu it seems somewhat fusion. Never thought I could enjoy "Indian tacos" so much but the masala chicken tacos were wonderful with sauces I've never experienced on tacos before. The goat cheese naan was the perfect app and I barely had room for the ribs. My pescatarian friend was loving his samosa chaat which I regretted not getting myself. He also raved about the paneer masala tacos. 

Hella solid bang for your buck happy hour. I honestly want to come back and have everything on the menu. But also feel I'll be doing myself a disservice to not get a reservation and have some more traditional Indian cuisine. Will be back with updated review :)
Came for lunch rw. My overall impression is that Veda is a cute bar/Indian food place with great aesthetics, and food is pretty good. 

First course was the crispy cauliflower. Honestly, this was the most underwhelming of all the dishes. Imagine eating general tsos chicken, except there's no chicken and it's just breading and sauce. That's basically what it tasted like except it wasn't sweet. It was very acceptable, but would not order again. 

The lamb curry was actually great though, super tender and powerfully spiced without being overwhelming. It was perfect with the basmati rice. I also tried the coconut seafood curry from my friend and I liked that one mor- it had a strong coconut taste which I adore. The lamb was still a solid choice though, very filling with all the rice I annihilated. 

I loved the raspberry yogurt dessert. The flavors weren't overwhelming and the subtle contrasting textures inside were interesting enough to keep me enticed the entire time I ate it. Not too sweet either, overall perfect dessert. 

My biggest gripe is that service took like an hour for our entrees to arrive and they added an automatic 21% gratuity to our party of 6, which seems higher than most other places. Still, food was solid and I'd come back for the rw lunch special.
My husband and I regularly visit Veda for happy hour and/or dinner. The food and drink selection is great! While they do put a more modern/westernized spin on traditional Indian food, their flavors are creative and bold.  The ambiance of this place is perfect -- upscale but relaxed! I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a fun night out with family/friends and eclectic tastes!
Ordered for the first time and used Caviar. Veda was quick, even during the lunch rush. The food was still hot when it arrived! 

The soup had great balance of flavor with the spice and savory. Tasted like lentil soup mixed with butternut squash and was very good. 

The flavors of the dal makhani and paneer makhani were also well balanced. I did not specify my spice level so I would say all flavors were a mild-medium. The rice tasted fresh and like it was tossed with ghee or butter because it had a great smooth, ghee flavor. 

I ordered plain naan and that was cooked well. 

Would definitely order again!
I am a big fan of Indian food, and Veda is absolutely no exception. This upscale restaurant is great - with awesome menu options - and I can't wait to go back and try more of their dishes! They take reservations, which is a plus as well.

Some odd(ish) rules to be aware of:
-When we walked in, the restaurant was relatively empty and we were told they could not seat our party until everyone was there. I feel like most places that take reservations don't do this. We promised we'd start ordering right away and they did let us sit after we explained the situation.
-They only offer happy hour specials at the bar - that isn't stated on the HH menu so beware! This was a bit disappointing.
-The menu said gratuity added to parties of 6 or more, but they did automatically add a 21% gratuity to our party of 5. I would have given this amount or more so I didn't mind, but something to be aware of.

Anyway, we started out with:
-Fish tacos: they have taco specials on Tuesdays. They were good, but I think next time I would opt out to try other app options.
-Samosa chaat: my absolute favorite. This isn't on the regular menu but was on the HH menu so they agreed to make the dish for us.
-Crispy Spinach chaat: crispy and flavorful! I had never had this dish before. Would get it again.

For entrees we split paneer palak, chicken korma, and chicken makhani. I had never had makhani before and I was really impressed. It was so good! The garlic naan was a nice addition as well as a cucumber yogurt sauce (I don't know the name but similar to like a tzaziki).

The meal was great and like I said, I will be back. 

Last but not least - shout out to Dion, our server, who was really kind and attentive.
I visited Veda for a group dinner after a conference at UPenn (paid for by the conference, woo-hoo!) The atmosphere is upscale and elegant, and the food matches it. Cocktails are impressive (around ~$12 each, but with happy hour even on Saturdays that lasts until 7 PM and lets you get a great old fashioned for just $6!)

Our group shared some phenomenal appetizers -- vegetarian samosas, some amazing fried cauliflower, and some other lentil patty thing that I can't recall the name of (which was wonderful.)  The appetizers are interesting and flavorful, though the portions are small; dinner portions are a bit bigger, though not huge. For my entree, I tried the mushroom korma curry, which was delicious, but a little one-note on the flavors. If I went back, I'd try a different dish.

Plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, which are clearly marked on the menu (along with GF choices.) Americans tend to unfairly pigeonhole non-European international food (e.g., Mexican, Chinese, Indian, Thai vs. Italian or French, for example), as food that should be cheap, quick, and downmarket. So I think it's really great that restaurants like Veda exist to push back against this perception, and to illustrate how elegant and upscale Asian food can be.
It's really hard for me to like Indian food at Indian restaurants since my mom arguably makes the best in the world BUT Veda is fantastic! 

Ordered the crispy spinach chaat and lasooni gobi as a starter! The chaat was gone within minutes because it was soo soo good but the lasooni gobi was the clear winner! I feel like this has been the year of cauliflower food items for me because I was absolutely obsessed with how these turned out to be! The right amount of kick and crunch made these a crowd winner! 

For the main course, we ordered a dal tadka, dal makhani, saag paneer and malai kofta! The saag paneer and malai kofta were perfectly exquisite and I was absolutely content! The two dals both had serious spicy kicks which made the dishes even more memorable! 

Our server was also amazing, kept us entertained with his antics and recommendations (he gets all the credit for the starters)

If you're looking for good Indian, this is it! Writing this review makes me wanna order them tonight!
I have a confession to make: I have been to Veda many, many times since it first opened, but not once have I ever eaten a proper dinner. So why the 5 star rating? Because Veda has one of the absolute best happy hours in Center City. The happy hour features a nice cocktail selection (I have traveled far and wide trying to find an old fashioned better than the one served here... hasn't happened yet) as well as wine and beer. The food, depending on the order, can range from light to extremely filling, and every option is $6 or less. My personal favorites from the happy hour menu are the paneer masala tacos and the calcutta pork ribs. Pair those two items with a side of naan and you will have a very substantial meal.

And the best part about the happy hour? It's everyday, even on weekends! One day I will actually experience the full menu, but in the meantime the quality of the happy hour will guarantee that I remain a frequent visitor.
Went for brunch this weekend with the family, they were first timers.  Everything tasted absolutely delicious and totally respectful to indian traditional flavors.  The spinach chaat, chhole, and vegetable biryani in particular were the fan favorites.  Please dont get my wrong though, EVERYTHING tasted amazing though.  The pistachio cake is very light and airy.  The raspberry srikand was anything but an "authentic srikand", however if u forget that part the dessert overall did taste amazingly delicious--just not as a srikand lol
Always exceeds my expectation! Brunch is delicious especially the masala egg roast and Chole bhature!
I first heard about this place in the context of their happy hour, most importantly the fact that it's DOPE and also on the WEEKENDS. My work franz and I made plans to come for hh about 15 separate times and then someone always flaked so I gave up on those biddies and decided to bring my visiting BFF here during the winter while waiting for a table at a place around the corner.

We both went with the laila, which is a popular choice (cucumber infused vodka, st. germain, mint syrup, lime juice, and bitters). Tasty with a tongue-punch but not something I liked enough to order another. Our table opened up so we paid and booked it before I was able to sample other offerings.  

After some time had elapsed and because I'm literally running out of restaurants to go to I figured why not? I'll give the actual food at veda a whirl. 

Friday evening at like 6:30pm there was absolutely no sitting-down space at the bar for happy hour but plenty of space in the actual restaurant. 

On the drink menu, drunken lassi tickled my nuts. Holy shiiiiiiiiiit are they for real with this shit? Unfortunately my keto-ing precluded my ordering. I did see a delicious similarly appearing beverage on the next table enjoyed by a gentleman who clearly is not insecure about their masculinity. 

To start we went with lassoni gobi which for my white or otherwise non-brown audience is cauliflower with this delicious and crispy crust/glaze of like tomato and garlic and some other tasty shit sauce. I know this might sound weird but it was like pleasant to chew. It was amazing, I pretty much went to town with this shit while kind of ignoring our other starter which was crispy spinach chaat. The description on the menu is a LIE bc they are not shallots they are diced RED ONION. Misleading for onion-despisers such as myself. The texture of the crisped spinach was nice but this was just a'ight. 

For our main sustenance we went with the tofu green peas curry which you'll NEVER GUESS is tofu and green peas in a curry sauce. Very tasty and on the lighter side. The real star of the show was the paneer makhani. HOLY SHIT. Thick paneer cubes in this delectable and thick buttery tomato sauce. This was OUTSTANDING. Literally almost better than sex. The flavor was super buttery which made it super heavy but that didn't stop me from eating it like soup. If I had a straw I might have just sucked it up more efficiently. 

Service and decor are good too. This is without a doubt the best Indian I've had in Philly.
They were really accommodating to me. I just walked in from the street, no reservation but I was alone so they let me sit at the bar.  Which was open to the outside so I was sort of inside/outside.  I was told the kitchen would be closing in 5 min so I should get my order in if I wanted to eat.  I got the lamb chops and a cucumber infused cocktail, both delicious!
Came here for my birthday dinner with a bunch of friends and had an enjoyable time, as I've been meaning to try this place!

Overall, a very upscale, elegant vibe to the place.  You walk in immediately to the host/hostess stand, with a bar that wraps around the front and a larger dining area in the back.  Our table wasn't ready, so we hung at the bar for about 30min and had some drinks while waiting.

Their drink menu is certainly innovative, and I give them props for trying, but the inconsistency and some of the flavors do not mix well together. The best drink I had was the Veda G+T, a standard G+T, with large juniper bitters to give it some zest.  The other gin drinks (Fall Thyme in India and Royal Tea) did not taste good.

We were fortunate enough to try a lot of different dishes since there were many of us, and here's a quick recap.
The crispy spinach chaat was amazing - the crisp was real and it was super tasty.  The lassoni gobi was also awesome - deep fried cauliflower in a garlicy/tomato sauce...you can't go wrong.  The broccoli kebab was a complete miss - bland and had no flavors.  The hummus platter was solid - nothing crazy, but had a nice flavor/spice profile and the accompaniments were a great addition.

We shared a bunch of different entrees:
Paneer Makhani - was a bit surprised that they only have two paneer dishes on the menu, but this one was decent - nothing special or fancy, but hit the spot (as most paneer dishes do)
Chole (Chana Masala) - stay away from this...one of the saltiest dishes I've ever had...not sure if the chef messed up or if this is how it always is, but this was too salty for everyone
Baigan ka Salan - the eggplant was cooked nicely and the curry was tasty

The bread basket was a delicious assortment and they were all thoroughly and properly cooked - not too burnt or soft.  And their rice...wow!  I know it sounds weird/silly, but their rice is so good - perfect texture, steamed, not lumpy, and melt in your mouth good.

Overall, a decent place and definitely a place I'll come back to, especially since I know what to order (and not order).
Veda seemed promising at first. The décor is good, the tables had decent separation, and it wasn't too noisy. Once our entire group arrived, it took them a while to get to us, and the waiter seemed harried, and had trouble answering questions about the menu.

Our Samosa appetizer was pretty standard, exactly what I'd expect from any buffet, but fell a bit short of expectations. The entrees were a  mixed bag, some were ok, but others were oddly short of flavor, and the shared rice was dry and overcooked.

The service bounced a bit between inattentive and intrusive, and at the end of the meal it took a while to get the check and close out.

Based on some of the reviews we may have gone on an off night, but I'm not really inspired to give it another try.
Love the food from this place and my kids enjoy as well.  Recommend the tasty mushroom korma, and the fish and shrimp dishes which are appropriately spiced & cooked and taste very fresh
Not impressed with this restaurant. I was very excited to try this initially because of the word "modern" they used in their restaurant name. There was nothing modern about the food at this restaurant. It was typical Punjabi food (naan, subzi, rice). I was expecting a more "modern" take on this food. They did have goat cheese naan, but it was too soggy. I can here for dinner, and I ordered paneer tikka and gobhi mutter, and both were pretty bland, especially the gobhi mutter. There are several restaurants in Philly with this type of food, so I will probably not be coming back here for dinner. I would like to say though that their happy hour was good- spinach chaat and gobi manchurian was tasty.
I came here again last night for their DOPEEEEE happy hour ON THE WEEKEND. 

My GF and I met 4 of our friends at the bahhhhh. I was finally able to try the HARD LASSI. It is ORGASMIC. It is literally BETTER THAN SEX. If I could order this shit for delivery, oooooh boy. 

This place has a REALLY GOOD happy hour menu. A bunch of their cocktails (which are really good) are only $6-7 during happy hour which is an amazing fucking deal. I had a few of their other ones which were delicious but it's hard coming after that CRACK (lassi). 

We also ordered some of their happy hour food. We ordered the samosa chaat lentil risotto. The samosa was absolutely covered in my arch enemy onions but I had my onion vacuum GF suck them up. It was crisp on the onside and the guts were tasty af. The risotto was AMAZING. It was soft, warm, and delicious. They also have a goat cheese naan for THREE DOLLARS DURING HAPPY HOUR. We didn't order this but our friends did and it looked drool-worthy.

This is one of my favorite indian food places in the city for delivery and in general. This is now my favorite happy hour place.
After hearing great things, we came here for dinner, unlike several other center city places they had well distanced outdoor seating and good quick service! 

To start off, the drinks were delicious as well as the appetizers, especially the crispy spinach chaat, and naan.

For entrees, the quantity was good and the wild mushroom korma was definitely something different and unique that we enjoyed but like the Malai kofta felt it was lacking in flavor. Could be my tastebuds, but definitely thought it could use more spice.
This is my favorite indian restaurant. I absolutely love the decor, the atmosphere and the service. Its a very clean and elegant restaurant. Their happy hour has amazing cocktails, possibly the best old fashioned in the city. The happy hour samosa chast and paneer tacos are my favorite items. In terms of dinner the malai kofta is put of this world . The naans are all so fresh and perfectly buttery. They cater to your spice tolerance but you really really have to emphasize spicy if you want spicy.
I've been here twice. Once through work, this first visit would have been 3 stars, nothing terrible, nothing spectacular. Felt there was more potential but the restaurant probably had to cater to a wider array of tastes. I'd thought it was worth giving another shot especially at night when chefs have more leeway.

The next visit was for a small concert, our party had ordered a couple of cocktails. Not something you'd pound down, my fiancée had left hers half full at the table along with our possessions to go to the dance floor.  A busboy cleared her drink away by asking someone at the next table over if it was ok(this was a mostly empty restaurant and there was no need to do so). The manager refused to apologize, make any amends and treated me and my party as if we liars and were out for free stuff. The politely masked rudeness was far more disturbing than the poor initial service. Any desire I'd have to return is gone. I'd rarely give out a one star but the service level here warrants it.

Takeaway- There's better food and lot's better service to be had in Philadelphia.
I absolutely loved my last visit to Veda! We had the chicken chettinad and it is absolutely delicious! Our server was so friendly and attentive! We also ordered pretty much every cocktail on the menu and all were great! 

The highlight of the meal was our dessert: trio of paan, gulkand and guava ice cream - absolutely mind blowing! My boyfriend even commented that the paan was probably the best he's ever had - which is quite rare because he has such high standards (insert rolling eyes).

Thank you Veda for elevating my previous 1 star experience to 5 stars! I'll keep coming back!
Absolutely delicious. Order the chicken biryani, tandoori chicken, lamb vindaloo, and the vegetable samosa. The chicken dishes were incredible. The tandoori was so juicy and the char grilled flavors really came out. The biryani was extremely flavorful. The rice was definitely cooked with the spices for a while because it almost tasted creamy in texture (in a good way). The lamb vindaloo was also good and not as spicy as I had expected. Veg samosas were huge and filled with potatoes and peas - definitely a must order if it's your first time here. Portions wise, the biryani was the most filling and shareable. 

Ordered the old fashioned which came with orange zest and was a great balance between the bourbon and the fruit flavor. Service was great and attentive. The decor is very upscale. We came for my birthday and they gave us a dessert on the house!
Excellent! This place was a great find. The staff was friendly, inviting and the dishes full of flavor and came out quickly. Lots of shareable plates and Indian food overall, is pretty GF, so there's lots of options for those that need it. If you dine here I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Delicious Indian food and wow it's gorgeous inside. Staff is excellent as well. Highly recommend, you won't be disappointed.
Went here for restaurant week a week ago! As someone who's usually looking for and used to good Indian food, I think Veda is a great add to the Philly food scene. The portions whether they were for restaurant week or otherwise were more than sufficient, the food was flavorful, and the ambiance is great. I brought a pretty big group of friends so I was skeptical about what the outcome would be and how they'd like it. Everything was very good but the favorites were definitely the spinach chaat, Lassoni gobi, chicken makhani, okra salad, and apple jalebi. Would recommend for anyone looking for a cool ambiance and indo fusion cuisine. 
Didn't get to sample the cocktails but the happy hour menu looks promising for sure!
Great place for lunch, especially, the Lunch Buffett! I t can get crowded at lunch! The nan bread is awesome!
Veda definitely lives up to the hype. Everything here was delicious and there was so much more I feel like I need to try! Highly recommended.

The space is clean and bright and service was great the whole meal. We asked a bunch of questions and our waitress gave us solid recommendations. We stuck to beer but their cocktail menu looked promising. I will definitely need to come back for happy hour. For apps, we got the Spinach Chaat and the cauliflower. Both were amazing. The spinach chaat was crispy and super flavorful. The cauliflower was fried and in a tangy sauce, but was not too heavy or oily. They were light and delicious. For meals, we got the Wild Mushroom Korma and the Chicken Tikka Makhani. The mushroom dish was unlike anything I've ever had. It was almost like a mushroom curry with coconut and a nutty flavor from the almonds mixed in with the meaty earthy taste of the mushrooms. It was soo good. The chicken dish was similar to a tikka masala and was flavorful with a little kick. The naan was awesome- try the goat cheese naan for something different. 

My only regret was not having more room in my stomach to try more things! Guess I'll have to come back!
My friend and I were pleasantly surprised by the interior of this restaurant - we've dined at many restaurants with Indian cuisine but never one so modern. The dining room chandelier and library at the entrance provide an air of swankiness while the color palette delivers warmth and coziness.

We ordered three dishes to share: the crispy spinach chaat, chicken tikka makhani, and the chicken lababdar. I was impressed from the start that this restaurant will not serve you the traditional tikka masala and chicken saagwala you may be accustomed to- they expand your horizons with more unique offerings.

The crispy spinach chaat was delicious and reminded me of kale chips. I also really enjoyed how well the two sauces from the chicken dishes blended over the rice and my experience was enhanced when dipped the naan directly into the makhani cream sauce.

My only disappointment here was how frequently different staff members visited the table. There is a line between being attentive and being disruptive. In fact, we were taking a short break from our meal when in just a 30 second interval two new faces separately asked us if they could clear our plates. Though we requested no, a few minutes later one of the two gentleman came back over and took everything away!

Had we not felt rushed through our meal I would have given 5 stars as the food was great.

****update: i returned and sampled the happy hour menu with two friends. All of it was delicious but I highly recommend the chicken murmuri rolls. We ordered the chicken tikka makhani as an entree again - still great. This time I also tried dessert - though the kulfi wasn't one of the more memorable parts of the meal, it was refreshing.
Have been here many times for Happy Hour and Dinner and liked it but the brunch was really not great. I ordered the Kati roll and I swear the outside was pita or pita like, not like the traditional paratha.  I've had better Kati rolls from street food and fast food restaurants. The chicken tikka was just lacking in flavor. The naan was also subpar. Mimosas clearly had very little alcohol in them. The spinach chaat was good though.
Great Modern Indian restaurant with delicious flavor. My friend and I went on a Sunday for brunch and they have bottomless mimosa!! Definitely have a designated driver ;-) ! We ordered the Shrimp Amritsari soft tacos (which was so incredible and nothing that I have had before), the delicious masala hummus platter (great portion) and the Lamb Chapli Pau Sliders (also very flavorful and delicious). 

Bottom line: if you are looking for a twist on your regular brunch, I Highly recommend Veda!
3.5 stars. The inside is really, really nice. Came here for restaurant week with friends. For the appetizer, I ordered the Lassoni Gobi, and it was  really crispy, but the flavor was a bit one-dimensional. For my entrée, I ordered the Seafood Moilée, and it was really delicate and well-balanced with a good coconut flavor. The portion size was really generous as well. My favorite part  of the meal was the white chocolate raspberry shrikand we had for dessert! It was rich and creamy and so good I ate it before I even got to take a picture! Service was king of slow, but we were there during Sunday lunch, so that was expected. All in all, a nice upscale option for restaurant week and definitely worth it for lunch!
Had a fantastic New Years Eve dinner here!  The pre fix menu was great.. so much food!  The spinach chaat and okra salad were delicious.  The paneer makhani, chicken tikka, chicken with baby spinach, and lamb vindaloo were all so good!  So excited to have an upscale Indian place in Center City!  The decor is modern and inviting.  Will definitely be back again!!
This place is probably my favorite happy hour spot in the city.  They have an absolutely fantastic selection of dishes that scream quality and flavor....oh, and most things on there are $5!

I had walked by this place dozens of times never to realize what a jewel this place actually was.  The outside makes this look like a classy place with the beautiful sign and large glass windows.  The inside of the venue confirms this with the design and decor of everything from the tables and chairs to the decorations on the shelves.  

The bar itself is positioned to the side of the entrance and has an exquisite selection of whiskeys and bourbon that will amaze you just in the way they are arranged on the natural wood shelves.  You will be quite delighted with the main menu that has a thick-leather front and rear cover.  What a nice touch!

The happy hour menu is has a selection of 6 drinks and 6 food dishes.  The food dishes are steal.  They are cheap, tasty, and well-sized.  My absolute favorite items is the calcutta pork ribs -- thick, seasoned ribs that fall off the bone with ease.  It is worth it just to get multiple orders of this!  When you are done drooling over the ribs, you can move your attention to the drinks.  These are not ordinary cocktails of the usual juice and vodka but rather eloquent drinks that contain items such as elderflower liqueur, dry vermouth, unfiltered belvedere, and peychauds bitters to name a few.  They have an excellent presentation when finished.  

I plan to make this a regular spot to visit.  I would come more often if I didn't encounter traffic on my commute back from work.

I'll be sure to come back to sample the lunch menu -- all you can eat Mon-Fri for $15  :-)))

Look for pictures on the next go-around.  I lost them all on my phone :-((
I came here with my family and a friend's family for our post-graduation lunch and it was a great place to celebrate. It was easy to make a reservation for a large group and our table was ready when we got there. For lunch we had there prix fixed menu that was amazing and a LOT of food. Each plate included an appetizer, curry, daal, bread, and rice. My favorite was the shrimp curry and the classic chicken tikka. Worth the price!
Fantastic! The lunch menu does not offer the same quantity of dishes as the dinner menu, however, the lunch menu has a decent variety. The lunch menu gives you the opportunity to try dishes from different regions of India; from "Chicken Tikka Makhani" (Punjab, Northern India) to "Goan Shrimp Curry" (Goa, Western India). You will also find famous dishes like "Lamb Rogan Josh", "Tandoori Chicken", or "Tofu Green Peas Curry"

Inexpensive Lunch: I recommend very much coming here for lunch; the restaurant is quieter and the food is cheaper (two courses for a fixed price).
Good food. Horrible service. They were way under staffed tonight. It took forever to pay. We asked for food to go, but a bus guy with poor English grabbed it. He stacked dirty dishes into our food and ruined it.
This is my first review (I think) because I totally fell in love with this place. They don't overpower their food with spices and stuff which is a huge win for me. It's really good for people who don't typically eat Indian. And literally everyone of their small plates is to die for. 

Okay now lets talk about the bar...yeah it's my new favorite bar/happy hour in the city. Raul and the rest of the bartenders put on a SHOW. It's right next to an open window too so you get some outside breeze as you watch them make your drink. And if you're a whiskey drinker like me, get your butt to Veda asap. #Papi
Enjoyed Veda for a business lunch. Ordered directly off the menu, not from the buffet. Clean restaurant, pleasant atmosphere, very approachable.
We have visited Veda so many times since they opened, I always gave them positive review and recommended it to anyone who would like to try new Indian restaurant in Philly. It was always the first thing came to me when I craved for curry.
But today's experience might stop me from visiting it anymore. Attached are dishes we had today, two appetizers, some curry and naan. First of all, food are still delicious, a bit too heavy but they are curry so not complaining. Our server was attentive and funny, impressive.
However, dissatisfaction happened when we asked for our check. Veda always have this" 20% off " when you check in on Yelp. So I showed our server our 20% off code from Yelp but he said he had to check with their manager see if they still do the offer. Okay, guess what decision their manager made. Instead of coming out and explain why they stopped offering 20% on Yelp, he gave us $1 DISCOUNT OFF?!  I mean, their 20% off offer was still on Yelp when we stepped into restaurant!!! It was not our fault that they didn't bother to take it off from Yelp. And $1 off from an almost $80 bill was just insulting. Like who really cares for $1.
Overall, Food and server still deserve 5 stars, but their manager might need make better decision sometimes.
A superb Indian restaurant in center city.  I've been multiple times for happy hour and for dinner.  The happy hour menu is an amazing treat and you can definitely craft yourself a cheap dinner from their well priced options.  The chicken masala tacos, Garlic naan, and the samosa options are standouts.  The dinner menu has all of the classic Indian dishes you want (they call Tikka Masala something slightly different though, I think Tikka Makhani), and they're all wonderful and delicious.  From a drinks perspective, the Layla is one of my favorite drinks around.
YOU GUYS. All you need to know is this is the best happy hour in the city.

Drinks & cocktails - fantastic
Happy hour menu - amazing 
Staff - super friendly
Happy hour prices - bomb.com

I will be honest and say that i usually don't like most indian restaurants because why would i pay so much money for food that i know my mom can cook infinitely better?? The thing about this place is that it takes those classic big bold beautiful indian flavors that i love and combines them with a western/modern twist that i can definitely get behind.

When i visited i came with a vegetarian friend and there was so much to choose from. My favorites were the spinach chaat and the lassoni gobi. These are MUST HAVES if you stop by. 

I don't recommend getting the hummus platter because 1. Indians aren't known for hummus so not sure why it is even on there and 2. There are so many things that are more worth your while from that menu 

I really can't wait to come back. Do yourself a favor and make a HH trip asap.
Very impressive restaurant both in its cuisine as well as appearance. It is one of the fanciest Indian restaurants I have been to. A big reason why I came here was to try the naan and it was very satisfying.  Extremely soft and fluffy with garlic and herbs to add flavor. We got the chicken tikka makhani and chicken lababdor which tasted similar to each other but the chicken lababdor had more of a tomato base. Both entrees were very tasty and had huge pieces of chicken in it compared to other similar dishes I have experienced elsewhere. Everything was very well seasoned and prepared with great presentation. We had plenty of rice for two people. The garlic naan appetizer came with 4 pieces (I definitely could have ordered a second round because it was so delicious). The service was also fantastic. Loved the atmosphere - great for date night! Their drinks also looked amazing and also have a lunch buffet menu and happy hour! Will have to try next time!
When you're sat at a table next to M. Night Shyamalan at an Indian restaurant, you know that sh*t's gonna be good.
We started with the ragda patties and the calcutta pork ribs. Patties were ok, but the ribs, holy mother of god.
I got the paneer makhani as my main and it was delicious. They give you a ton of food. Drinks were good. I would definitely go back.
I took my family there last night based on the ratings and menu I had seen. Sadly we were disappointed as the food was not rich in flavors. It was cooked well but lacked spices. I don't mean spicy as hit but flavor.  It also lacked spicy even after we ordered a 4 out of 5. We ended up adding salt, pepper and hot sauce to enhance the flavor just to eat what we ordered.  The kofta was good a little more flavorful due to the cream sauce.  The paneer was soft and the biryani was well cooked. But lacked flavor.  If I was to compare this based on price it did not do justice. 
Definitely not going back. I did like the drink , a twist on regular cocktails.  I had the Gin cocktail with beet juice. Quite refreshing.
Had the lunch buffet about 31 hours ago. Am still recovering. I love Indian food and can handle the heat. This food had no heat but plenty of "aftershocks." The nearby Indian restaurant called "Indian Cuisine" is cheaper and tastier, with more variety on its buffet plus it won't force you to visit the bathroom several times over the next day. Bonus! I will say the naan was good, but they were slow to deliver it to the table and didn't offer seconds. So for the two of us at the table, we each had half a naan. C'mon.
The food here was excellent! I've already been twice since they opened. I highly recommend the okra salad and the lassoni gobi appetizers! The sauces on the main dishes are great too. The atmosphere is unique, just like the cocktails.
We were on the road for a few weeks, and after some time, we always crave Indian food.  We were excited to see some items like the corn soup or mushroom entree on the menu.  While most of the food was ok, we didn't think it warranted the steep price tag.  Think we'll try another Indian restaurant next time we're in Philly!
Cool atmosphere - subpar food - very disappointing - food was bland and that's bad for Indian cuisine
Came here during a Thursday night for dinner. We wanted to sit at the bar but it was full so we decided just to get a table. Our waiter was Harris. Funny and very friendly server. He gave us suggestions for drinks. We ordered the Karishma (Mule with a spicy kick too it, I wasn't really feeling it) and the Desi Mule which I liked a lot better. For dinner with the help of Harris, we ordered the Goan Shrimp Curry and East India Lamb Shank. Both dishes were so delicious. I was kinda upset I didn't ask it to be spicer. I love my food spicy. And the dish just had a kick to it. We also ordered a side of garlic naan to dip it into the curry and the garlic naan was full of deliciousness. I also ordered another drink towards the end of the meal. The Veda G&T was such a light refreshing drink. Thanks Harris for the nice dinner. Definitely wanna go back and try their Happy Hour.
Great ambience with Best flavors of India.  
Lasooni Gobi and Spinach chat were the best starters.
Would reccomend everyone to try.
Very beautiful Indian restaurant. Very good menu. Service is awesome. Host server food runner bartender are very friendly. Economical food.
Very good cocktails. I enjoy my buffet.
Highly recommended .
Finally tried Veda for the first time last night and I'm impressed! My only experience with Veda prior to last night's dinner was an event at Love Park where they were among other vendors serving small bites. I was immediately impressed by their appetizers and made a note that I had to try their full menu sometime soon. It took me a while to get around to actually going to Veda to eat, but immediately after seeing their Restaurant Week specials I made a reservation. 

First things first, they were doing their restaurant week menu on a Saturday, which was great because some places only serve their restaurant week menus on week nights. I loved the vibes in Veda. Modern and cool, but not stuffy or pretentious. Our go to for modern Indian vibes usually leads us to go to Indeblue, but the food at Veda is a bit more accessible and traditional than Indeblue, which I enjoyed. I ordered the Imli Sharbat to drink, which is a tamarind mocktail and was delicious!! The nonalcoholic beverage selection was pretty awesome and I saw a few things I'd drink.

As for food, my girlfriend ordered the spinach chaat and it was amazing!! It's definitely a must try. I ordered all of the restaurant week menu specials, and they were all great but are only available for the week. I'm definitely coming back after restaurant week and trying some of their classic dishes!
