Radishes that look and taste like sushi? Mushrooms that mimic pasta in both texture and flavor? Braciole made from eggplant that almost tastes like the real deal? If you are intrigued by any or all of the above, then get your hiney over to Vedge!

Esq and I are not vegetarians nor were our dining companions, however, we embrace and enjoy meat-free meals on the regular. The dishes at Vedge are best for sharing and it's safe to say that we ordered almost everything on the menu. 

The items referenced above were our favorites of the evening, and let's not forget the mean desserts they offer. The strawberry champagne sorbet was our favorite, followed by the white pepper gelato. It was an amazing experience of sensory indulgence with delicious aromas and flavors that we never thought possible from vegetables. The presentation of the dishes was impeccable and the waitstaff really knows the menu inside and out. Based on your preferences, they'll steer you toward (or away from) specific options. This is especially helpful if you're a "texture" person. 

There are so many restaurants in Philadelphia that we rarely visit the same one twice. That being said, we're already making plans to return to Vedge.

Get your vegetarian on!
I had a terrible day yesterday. My building prematurely switched from heat to AC, I hadn't slept well, I was having dizzy spells all day, there was a work emergency while I was getting dressed for this reservation my amazing sister-in-law, Nikki, made over a month ago, & just, ARGH!

But then, 7pm arrived, and I found myself, after so many months of YEARNING, finally at Vedge. And everything was right in my world again.

The atmosphere & decor are lovely. The service was phenomenal. Thank you, Megan for being such a great server, for being just as enthusiastic as I was, & for even being cool about high-fiving me over desserts. Thank you, also, to the host who picked up my peel n' eat lupini bean that went flying & said "It happens all the time" (after which Nikki & I turned to each other & said "Pretty Woman").

We loved everything we had, I posted some pics, but they don't even come close to doing our plates justice. Here's the rundown:

To drink: 
I enjoyed the Pomegranate Sangria & Nikki enjoyed the Creole Gent. We both enjoyed them twice.

From the 4/23 Dirt List:
Ramps 
Nebrodini Mushrooms
Cauliflower
(loved them all, the cauliflower melted in my mouth, the mushrooms were my fave of the three)

Small Bites:
peel n' eat lupini beans ("slippery little suckers" (I had to say it!), but so worth the effort to open them!)

Plates:
sweet potato paté
salt roasted gold beets
funky kimchee stew
spicy grilled tofu
roasted maitake mushroom
(again, loved them ALL...I think Nikki's faves were the sweet potato paté & the tofu, mine were the kimchee & maitake mushroom (probably b/c it included 2 of my favorite things ever...celery root & leeks!))

Dessert
Saffron Cheesecake
Chocolate Über Chunk
(I could pretty much have licked both of these plates clean, but I didn't because I try to have just a little class in public)

Wow. I just realized how much we ate. I'm really looking forward to my dad & step-mom's next visit, because we will definitely be taking them to Vedge!

Closed-minded omnivores, you best open your minds & get yourselves to Vedge. You have no idea what you're missing. Or fine, don't, because then more for me.

Seriously. I don't think I've ever had a better meal.
A solid Friday night date night!

Came here for a late reservation at 9PM and was glad the table was ready for our arrival. 

Vedge resides near a lot of the other well positioned and well known restaurants in town and I'm surprised it took me this long to get here! Parking is tough but spots are more available as the night wears on. 

Inside it's dim but enough light peers through to allow for solid conversation. 

Our server came over as we sat down and filled our water glasses and didn't skip a beat to introduce himself and give us some tips on the menu. 

The whole jawn is vegan and right up my alley. The dishes on the menu are inventive and familiar all in one - makes it a safe space to explore the menu! 

We went with the stuffed avocado, grilled broccolini, and the gold beets for our entrees. The portions are on the smaller side and built to share. We also got a palate cleanser in the beginning of the meal with a shot glass of the bisque of the day - savory and wetted our appetite! 

The food was solid and so flavorful! We both agreed the avocado was a stand out. Stuffed with romesco and cauliflower fried "rice" and seasoned just so -thoroughly enjoyed each bite! 

The beets and broccolini were also enjoyable but could've been a bit heartier on the portions given the lightness of the vegetables. 

We ended up ordering dessert as well - their toffee pudding is phenomenal and the mud pie was very creatively made with sweet potato!

Overall the service was awesome! We were checked in on plenty, and our food came out at a regular pace. We had glasses of drinks and water always full, and the waiter was very knowledgeable about the items to order!

I would consider returning to treat ourselves since it's on the pricier side of things, but definitely worth the extra pennies!
I hate cauliflower--there, I said it. Perhaps Vedge isn't the place for you, one might think. Yet, there we were last night, perusing the menu and looking for something that caught the eye. I was in the mood to try something new, so why not Vedge? Out of the four areas on the menu (Vedge bar [starters], Grill [sides], Dirt [sides], and Dessert), I ended up with multiple dishes featuring cauliflower in some way, and I was surprised to find that it actually tasted pretty good. 

While we waited for our food, the waiter brought a taste of the lentil and curry soup, which I wish was available on the full menu, because I could have had an entire bowl. JJ and I started with the stuffed avocado (topped with fried cauliflower and surrounded a delicious red sauce), salt-baked beets (yum!), and the fancy radishes. The radishes were surprisingly diverse, with four different types featured on the plate. I had serious food envy of our neighbors who ordered the rutabaga fondue, which arrived with a substantial loaf of bread for dipping. 

Next, the waiter brought out eggplant braciole (another vegetable of which I am not a fan, yet this was one of the standouts), charred romanesca (couscous and more cauliflower), and a side of mushrooms. We ended with the ice cream and sorbet, which featured such flavors as cranberry old-fashioned, rosemary, and gingersnap. Each perfect sphere was a scoop of heaven.

I am neither a vegan nor a vegetarian, but the food I tasted at Vedge was so good that I hardly noticed the absence of animal products on my plate. The vibe lacked character, as did the wait staff, but boy was that food delicious.
So this was my first time eating in this area of Philly and it was a good first experience. The only downfall was the parking situation since your pretty much forced to park in a parking garage so you can expect to pay $18 for a half hour or $36 for an hour. But okay so on to the food loll, I went here with a friend and it was a really nice set up, very warm and inviting. Our waitress was super sweet and are water glasses were always filled the second they got low. She also brought us 2 little shots of watermelon gazpacho which were good. I got the eggplant braciole and also the rutabaga fondue which both were very good, especially the braciole because it legit tasted like meat even though it wasn't loll. But it was an overall too exapeince and I'll deffintly be back.
You were wrong.

All this time, you wholeheartedly believed that animals and animal products were imperative to crafting a high caliber, satisfying, and delectable meal. You thought sure, maybe there are a couple good vegan meal options at hipster-run quick spots or rare hole-in-the-wall gems, but please, leave the fancy stuff to the omnivores. It's not worth paying $30+ for a pile of leaves and roots, and it's unlikely a restaurant will ever exist to sway your opinion on this matter.

You were wrong.

Vedge does the impossible. They take the freshest plant-based ingredients and transform them into masterful creations, enhanced by complex sauces bursting with flavor. You'll forget that meat is completely absent from the menu, and even so, you won't miss it. The menu changes throughout the year, but pay attention to the Dirt List, which showcases the most popular produce of the season. Plates are small, but if you channel your inner fatty and savor every bite, you'll find yourself to be quite full at the end.

The wait staff is very helpful and quick to offer recommendations. Definite winners: salt roasted gold beets, sweet potato pate, garbanzo crepe, maitake mushrooms, and brussel sprouts (this is superior to the crispy cauliflower, which I think may be overly praised). Finish the meal with the sticky toffee pudding and leave, satiated and content.

Come in a group of exactly 4 to optimize the number of dishes sampled to amount of each received ratio.

Vegetarians, this is your go-to fancy celebratory spot. Everyone else, come here for dinner at least once, and be back often for delicious happy hour bites (or to impress that vegan hipster bitty you're still trying to bag).
After having dined at Horizons many times, and being saddened by its closing (like other reviewers mentioned) I was unsure how I would feel about Vedge.  I live rather close to where Horizons used to be and I was upset that they decided to pick up shop and move to CC.  Still, I knew the food would most likely be awesome so I knew I had to give it a fair shot to impress me.

We arrived without a reservation and were able to grab two seats at their really awesome and beautiful bar.  In fact, the whole restaurant has wonderful decoration.  The bar is L-shaped, white (marble/granite?) and soft lighting in the back of it.  I remember liking the music although I can't remember what familiar tunes were playing.  The main dining room that I peered into had tables with deep brown seating surfaces and the same soft elegant lighting.  It's an impressive place.

Food-wise, you're getting exactly what you would expect.  Delicious and daring vegan cuisine at what I would consider to be a fair price for this neighborhood.  The cauliflower over creamy sriracha sauce and the smoked eggplant braciole are not to be missed.  The daikon winter rolls and royal trumpets also were definitely tasty items that embodied all the skill in preparation that this kitchen can turn out.

Drink wise, they have a nice wine list and a small but well appointed beer menu.  They offer a happy hour special comprised of 4 wines, 2 beers and a few small bites that look to be a great deal.

I think my return trip to Vedge will involve a larger group so I can sample more of their menu.  The food here was so tasty that as I was eating it, I got hungrier.  In my opinion, their "dirt list" referred to by other reviews will surely keep the restaurants offerings new and fresh while their regular menu will serve to be staples that people crave and come back for time and time again.
Oh.My.Gosh.

So, to tell the truth, my wonderful life partner isn't that into fancy food. Give him a plate of french fries and beer any day, and he's thrilled. But this is what happened.

"Well, we'll definitely come back here, because it just made you so happy."

Oh yes, yes it did.

The menu is separated in a few distinct lists: For the table, which is the equivalent of appetizer nibbles, Plates, which are small to medium plates of delicious complex flavors, but don't delude yourself that you can share a single plate with more than one other person. The Dirt List, which I hope Vedge becomes infamous for, is a daily changing menu of wonderful things. Then there's the beer, wine and cocktail lists. And then (perhaps my favorites) the dessert and after dinner drinks.

We had pickles for the table, which came with a creamy mustard dip. The serving time was impeccable, attentive but not too overly so, so when we finished that, we shortly had our first plate, some open-face banh mis and a squash soup from the Dirt list. The banh mis were a bit pickled, and not so finger or fork friendly, but I cut them up anyway and scooped up any stray traces of that creamy siracha sauce.

Our second plate was the hearts of palm, which husband said "looks like an enchilada." It'd say it was more like a dosa, laying in a wonderful pool of lentils.

But really. People need to know. The dessert is worth flipping your shit over.

We had cookies and the toffee pudding. The toffee pudding was wonderfully sweet and warm, so great for winter. And the cookies were actually a varied and delicious assortment. 

For drinks, we had a couple very good beers, a cocktail, and muscat for after dinner. I should warn that as a fancy place, the cocktails and drinks are small, but I don't see that as a downside. The muscat had a very strong flavor, and frankly, the cocktail was very strong in a small size!

I wonder if people will ever be able to write non-essay reviews of Vedge, because it really is worth the letter space to write all this. Seriously, go. I'd also suggest not worrying about price, because even with two drinks each, we came out to $50 a person. Not bad in my opinion for a fancy place. Without alcohol, it would've been much less (although, then we would've gotten more desserts!). Vedge, so glad you're here.
I returned to Vedge last month with a group of friends. Personally, I wouldn't go with five stars simply because I'm not vegan or vegetarian, but I can imagine that it would easily be five stars for someone who does fall into one of these categories. I do know that the food I tried was very good. 

Our table of six shared the bite board. Honestly, we probably could have shared two boards between all of us, but we ordered enough larger plates that it wasn't necessary. The bite board provided some of my favorite tastes of the night, though. 

I started with the cauliflower soup which was a bit on the "I'm on a detox diet" side. Meanwhile, my friend's gazpacho was absolutely delish and perfect for summer. Go with that if you want to start with soup. Next up was a plate from the dirt menu - fingerlings in a Worcestershire cream sauce. Basically, fancy french fries. Of course they were awesome. 

My main course was a garbanzo crepe with lentils and hearts of palm. It was very tasty and reminded me of a vegetarian Indian dish. It was also filling. 

The chocolate pot de creme and the cheesecake were both delicious. I feel confident that in a blind taste test, no one would have any idea that they are both vegan. 

Much as I liked Vedge, I could see the place as more of a happy hour or light bite later in the evening kind of place for myself. But don't let that stop you from trying dinner there. It's worth a visit, regardless of your dietary preferences.
My family and friends consider me to be a vegetables hater, specially green veggies, Popeye & his spinach powerup (anyone?.) Not sure if is it the taste that I don't like, or the texture, is it just a mental block, anyway it's always a challenge. Don't call me a rebel, please. I just don't usually find vegetables exciting or enjoyable to eat.

However ...

VEDGE is a game changer. It is Real, Good, Damn Food:
- Crispy Fingerlings: Tender from the insider and crispy from the outside. Served with creamy Worcestershire sauce.
- Korean Seitan Taco: Fascinating served with red cabbage & ginger mayo. I'd say it's a must order.
- Rutabaga Fondue: Creamy and rich served with warm and fresh soft Pretzel, pickled vegetables, and charred Onion. Yummy. 
- Sticky Toffee Pudding: You just have to try it to know how amazing it is.

Now, make reservation way in advance, and don't let the long waiting time discourage you, Vedg is well worth the wait, hence the 1000 plus reviews. You cannot go wrong with anything here; The Vedge bar, the the Dirt list, grill, desserts, cocktails and beer are all worthy, with a special callout to the snacks. You know you have a winner when you can't spot an empty seat in the house. 

Five Yelps and Some
Pro tip:  (Which I only did by accident).  Don't bother with reservations since it's going to be impossible.  Get there 30-40 minutes early and get seated at the bar.  They open the doors 10 minutes before advertised opening. 

The place gets very busy very quickly, so ordering early is a good idea.  I had hoped to meet the chef, but he was off working on his new DC location. 

The food?  Definitely expensive, but no more so than any other fine dining experience.  Certainly compare with Millennium in Oakland, CA and Sanctuary Bistro in Albany, CA, although the style is slightly different. 

I did find one of the dishes a bit too spicy, so check before you order.  The beer selection is pretty spot on too.   Certainly one of the best vegan dining experiences I've had, and I have a dislike of sit-down restaurants. 

The only negative?  It was St Patrick's day and there were hordes of drunk people outside.
Vedge remains one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Here's my play:

- Go alone, or with one friend
- Sit at the bar
- If you're going for happy hour get there at 5. Otherwise, go after it's over, 8 seems to work well.

If you plan ahead better than I do, make a reservation!

When it's on the menu, always get the rutabaga fondue. I go to Vedge more often in winter because of this, and because it's sticky toffee pudding season.

Thank you for continuing to be so lovely Vedge, you all continue to be awesome.
I understand what they're trying to do here with making vegan food haute cuisine and I'll vouch that the food is pretty delicious, but as a person who cooks vegetarian every day and vegan most days, there is absolutely no reason that a plate of brussels sprouts shavings should be 10 dollars, nor should they lie and say that it will feed two people when its obvious the dish is made of only two, maybe three sprouts.

Which brings me to the next point of contention: The portions are too freaking small!!  I am of a very strong understanding that vegan food is the cheapest cuisine to produce, so don't go giving me three tiny medallions of seitan and charge me 16 dollars for your high-faluting version of seasoned flour-water dough. Give me something a least the size of a chicken thigh!  It just makes me so mad!!

I went here for my anniversary dinner with my lover and we were both so psyched to try out fancy vegan food, but I have to say, I don't think I'll ever go back, especially now that they have released a cookbook that explains that all you have to do to make those 10 dollar brussels sprouts is steam a sprout, shave it, and drizzle mustard with vegannaise over it.  

BOTTOM LINE:  Expensive.  Full of yuppies.  Horrible value.  Only go if you eat meat regularly because it teaches you that meat is unnecessary.
A bit of a one-trick pony.  There is one, highly inspired dish - if you must come, do not leave without trying the salt roasted gold beets with avocado, smoked tofu, rye, capers (which the waitress mentioned is influenced by lox and cream cheese).  It is really, really good - a combo that unexpectedly works.  

Everything else feels like an exercise in plating raw ingredients for a Gastronomica photo shoot.  The fancy radish dish was $9 for literally 2-3 sliced raw radishes served on a fancy black plate with some soy sauce.  The portabella carpaccio was $9 for maybe 1/4 of a portabella mushroom cap sliced thin.  The roasted maitake mushroom and the cioppino were better - at least there was more work involved than just cutting - but still were tiny and not justified for the price (would it be so hard to give us two 1/2 pieces of toast with the cioppino?).  At one point, I felt like going to the grocery store and bringing back something of a reasonable portion size for them to cook for me (like, say, one whole portabella mushroom cap)!!  I understand getting full may not be the primary point of this place, but honestly, if I want art, I'll go to an art gallery, and if I want to satisfy my hunger, I tend to go to a restaurant.  Sigh... maybe I'm not trendy enough to "get" this restaurant. 

As for dessert, strawberry sorrel bread pudding with saffron ice cream was interesting.  It was novel, for sure, but it felt like it was trying to be different purely for the sake of being different.  It was definitely not comfort food and definitely not something either of us would want to try again. 

Even though we ordered six dishes for two people (which, plus one beer, was about $85 after tax and tip), we were still hungry but feared ordering more due to the mediocrity of every dish after the beets.  If two people want to actually leave satiated, I think they would need to order one of each plate off the regular menu.  Yes, that means 13 plates of food.  (And for context, we are thin people with normal appetites - not world champion eaters or gluttons.)  So sad... I had high hopes for this place when I looked at the menu and really wanted to like it, but it just didn't live up to the hype.
Oh Vedge, you have such good intentions.  Veggie-centered dining? I'm all about it. The problem is the portions.  Small plates hosting meager slivers of veggies, doused heavily in fatty oil.  I came here for vegetables not liquid lipids.

Don't be fool by this skimpish swap, customers.   Dropping $15 on that fourth tapas plate will not satiate you.  Better to save it for a giant salad at a nearby pizza joint.  Regardless of how much you spend here, you will spend more when you leave because you will still be hungry.

Super scene-y.  A fantastic place to doll up for -  wear your stilettos, ladies.  But, again, don't go here expecting a meal.  Stick to drinks and a small plate while you rub elbows with shiny people.
If all veg food were this good, I'd bet we'd drop meat in a heartbeat. Although I suppose that's what makes Vedge so special, right?

My favorite thing about Vedge is the respect with which they treat vegetables: traditional and modern cooking techniques as if preparing meat (without any animal byproducts, of course). They do dabble in tofu and seitan, but they don't try to shape things into "meat patties" like a lot of places that attempt to cater to vegs.

If you're hesitant on going full-veg for a meal, at least stop by for happy hour. My friend, who was skeptical/curious AF (his veg boss, of whom he loves to mock, loves this place) thought it was fantastic and shared the same sentiment as I did.

There's plenty of value to exploit: $6 bites, $7 (strong!) cocktails/wine, $4 pints. You could, in theory, make a complete meal out of their HH, which I certainly don't advise against at all. The menu changes with the seasons, but you honestly cannot go wrong with anything. I was particularly fond of their mushrooms and radishes.

I'll be there to catch you as you trust fall into the hype of Vedge - it's worth it.
Upgrading from 4 to 5 stars. 
Really excellent. All the dishes were fantastic. The desserts were especially good. Smaller portion sizes but you go here to taste well seasoned and textured food and not so much to gorge. 
Cherry cheesecake and chocolate bar stood out. For the savory make sure to get fancy radish, carrot dish, and tofu. We had 6 dishes in total and we thought all of them hit high marks- a rare feat. 
Definitely worth coming back to as the menu rotates with the season!
My original review from 13 Jul 2012...still can't beat this place.
Vedge - LOVE IT
LOVE IT!!!

I'm so head-over-heels for Vedge that I can't help it! I only ate there two times during my Philly visit, but two times was not nearly enough! Be prepared for some flavor/sensory overload during your visit, you won't be disappointed!

So let me run through what we ordered:

The Bite Board, which comes with olives, lupini beans, house made pickles, white bean sauerkraut puree - the white bean sauerkraut puree was to die for, and the lupini beans were pretty great too (I'm addicted now)!!!

Salt roasted gold beets, avocado, smoked tofu, rye, capers, creamy cucumber - HOLY MOLY! This was my favorite plate, so full of flavor! The ingredients were very fresh too.

Grilled seitan, black lentils, grilled leeks, smoked romesco - This was pretty amazing, but my bf really liked this more than me. We both thought the grilled seitan was genius!

Crispy cauliflower with kimchee cream, black vinegar - I seriously loved this side. The sauce was so full of flavor.

Strawberry-sorrel bread pudding with saffron ice cream and rhubarb nectar - I would die a thousand times to eat this dessert again!!! I can't even express how AMAZING it was! Superb!

Cheesecake with lavender-lemon butter cream and toasted pistachio - also pretty great, but the bread pudding took my heart.

The drinks, such as the sangria, were OK. But the food certainly made up for them!
I was hesitant as I love meat. We are doing a foodie weekend in town. Was concerned I was going to waste a meal. It was wonderful. So many flavors and so imaginative. Was very full and satisfied. Wine list was a little pricey.
Fine vegan dining.  Such a treat! 

The restaurant has an elegant and classy, yet rustic feel, with hefty wood workings adoring the walls, and a spacious opened kitchen.  Seating is comfortable and the atmosphere is perfect for a group or an intimate evening.  The servers are knowledgeable about the menu and have favorite dishes.  We never had to ask for drink refills, dishes were bused efficiently, and time between courses was appropriate.  

The dishes are priced very fairly and the servings are surprisingly generous.  They'll recommend you get one item from each section of the menu, which I agree with.  You may find it to be a lot of food, but you're lucky enough to eat here, so try as much as you can!  

For a starter I had the fondu.  Delicious and convincing!  The bread is tasty and the pickles cut the fat beautifully.  

Next I had the peas and beans, and my friend got the Brussels sprout salad.  Both were fantastic (but I did enjoy the peas and beans slightly more).  

Entree we shared "the carrot" and the roasted mushrooms.  Again - loved them both, but the carrot was very unique. 

For dessert we shared the strawberry shortcake and the wasabi cheesecake.  The cheesecake was shockingly realistic and the strawberry shortcake was nostalgic of the days of the good humor truck.  

Definitely worth it and would absolutely return!
As a deeply committed omnivore with a disproportionate number of vegetarian and vegan friends, I often find myself in a culinary quandary - where to go? What to order? Given the current restaurant scene's emphasis on small plates and sharing with friends, I often have to choose between attempting to eat through non-vegetarian options on my lonesome - or get stuck choosing from the limited vegetarian/vegan options available on standard menus. When a vegetarian friend told me she was headed to Philly for a visit, I snagged a reservation at Vedge knowing that this was somewhere we'd both be happy with our meal. 

The ambiance is lovely - it feels like a special-occasion restaurant without being overly stuffy. Service was stellar - our waiter was very attentive and gave great suggestions, water glasses were never empty, and the bartender even tweaked our cocktails to our specifications (and by "specifications" I mean my vague comment that I don't care for bitters but thought one of the cocktails sounded good, could something be made that was similar but without the bitters? The answer is that bartenders know cocktails way better than you do so just let them do their thing and drink what they give you). 

Our meal started with two small plates - I had the sweet potato pate and my friend had the salt roasted gold beets. Both of us ordered these with some trepidation and were pleasantly surprised - they were delicious! The sweet potato had a great depth of flavor. My only complaint is that it was served with two small slices of bread, when the portion of the pate was fairly large. I am certain I could have received more bread if I had asked, but I took it as a sign that I should save room for further courses. The golden beets were very light and delicious - especially the creamy cucumber sauce. We also each ordered a larger plate - I had a crepe with hearts of palm, garbanzo beans, and lentils. I challenge any carnivore to eat this and tell me that a dish needs meat to be satisfying. It was delicious and filling and the crepe had a great texture. My friend chose a dish of radishes served several ways - it was very interesting to taste all of the different flavors. It was a much lighter plate, but given the amount of food we had consumed at this point we were happy to have an easy dish! 

We also ordered 3 plates from the daily "dirt list" - I'd be happy to make a meal of all of the selections from this menu of seasonal veggies! We tried not to go crazy, so we stuck with the crispy cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and fingerling fries with worcestershire sauce. The cauliflower was very good - anywhere else it would have been a favorite, but here it just had too much competition. Same for the fingerling "fries." The hands-down favorite, though, were the brussels sprouts - we could not believe that the delicious creamy sauce was vegan. Vedge has redeemed the existance of veganaise for me: if it can be made into something this delicious, it can be allowed to continue to exist. 

Vedge really is a spot where everyone will end up happy. It's great to be able to choose a dinner spot without having to run the menu by everyone to make sure they'll have sufficient choices - vegan, vegetarians, pescetarians, omnivores, and carnivores alike will all be blown away by Vedge's animal-product-free offerings.
I've been waiting a long time to eat at Vedge. I made reservations a month in advance for a Saturday night. The only times available were 5 pm and 915pm... so I guess that tells you how in demand this place is right now.

I went to Vedge with my wife, brother and sister in law. Long story short, the food was exquisite... bordering on the edge of genius. I'm a huge carnivore... and I didn't miss any meat or fish at all. Seriously... it was that good.

HOWEVER, I just have to add that our server was probably the most condescending and dismissive server I have ever met. First, she didn't introduce herself.... she just asked us what we wanted to drink. Then, she didn't smile for 3/4th's of the meal and she was short with my wife when she asked her a question. I just remembered that her name was Megan. So when you go, ask for her so you DON'T get put in her section. On the plus side, I noticed that she was rude not only to our table, but pretty much every other table too.

 Needless to say, the first half of my meal was practically ruined because all I could do was think of how horrible this woman was. I'm still in shock. 

I finally started loosening up after I had a drink, but wow... she was horrendous.

You think that if you are dropping over $200 on dinner(before tip), she would be nicer.... right? not at all... after we placed our order of around 8 or 9 items, she said, "so you're eating lite?"... is that some form of way to make the diner think they should order more? if anything, all it did was make us feel uncomfortable.

Anyway, my brother and I complained to the people at the hostess stand when we left. 

I don't care what kind of accolades or awards a restaurant has won... if you have rude and crappy servers, people won't return.

Don't know if I would. I don't need to be treated like crap when I go out to dinner.
I had heard great things about this restaurant and I am mainly vegetarian, so I was excited to try Vedge. The dinner menu is out of my price range, so we came here for happy hour which ended up being a great deal! They have happy hour from 5-7pm on weekdays and they have $7 cocktails and wine, and $4 beer. Small plates/snacks are $6 and the menu varies. Happy hour is limited to the bar, so try to get there early to get a spot(there are only about 15 seats). 

I tried the korean seitan taco, which I really liked-flavorful and the ginger mayo it came with was amazing! I also tried the routabaga foundue (a yelp favorite) off the regular menu, which had a great smoky flavor and definitely lived up to expectations. Overall, a great place to try and the happy hour menu is a good way to do so!
This is not just a very good vegetarian/vegan restaurant, it's a very good restaurant.  Recommend the stuffed avocado, spicy grilled tofu, nebrodini mushrooms, salt roasted golden beets, braciole, and fingerling fries. 

I recognize that vegetarianism is not for everyone, but the benefits are numerous - from a healthier lifestyle to being kinder to the planet.  And the list of famous vegetarians is lengthy - http://www.peta.org/features/2014-celebrity-vegetarian-nominees/ - Jay-Z & Beyonce have also turned vegan or vegetarian - hoping to go to one of their favorite vegan restaurants in L.A. (Crossroads) the next time I'm out there.
When Horizons closed in 2011 I was devastated. It was not only the best vegan restaurant in the country, it also served the best food I'd ever eaten, plain and simple. But when Vedge opened, with the same chef-owner team, I was ecstatic and eager to see what new things they had in store.

First, Vedge is a beautiful space: it's housed in a gorgeous, old brownstone with much fine original woodwork throughout. The bar up front manages to be both upscale and unpretentious, which is a rare feat. Actually, I think Vedge has a better look and feel than Horizons.

Onto the food: we started off with some cocktails and a "Dirt List" small plate. My "sherry temple" ($10) was an excellent cocktail, mixed to perfection, consisting of absinthe, sherry and a couple other delicious things. The "Irish stew mushroom" ($9) dish we got was overly basic, however---it was a simple potato-carrot stew with a great variety of soft, succulent mushroom (whose name I've forgotten). The ingredients were all great, but the taste was pedestrian.

For the mains, it's suggested that you order two or three dishes per person, as the portions are fairly small. We got the "wood-roasted sweet potato puree" ($8), the "grilled gochujang tofu" ($13), the "fresh hearts of palm with garbanzo crepe" ($13), the "roasted maitake mushroom" ($15) and the "steak spice seared tofu" ($14).

The sweet potato puree was tasty; it was basically a smoky, sweet spread that you put over some pieces of small, toasted white baguette. I liked this dish, but was not blown away by it and I do wish they'd offered whole wheat instead.

The gochujang tofu was superb and the best dish of the night, in my opinion: a piece of grilled tofu with a delectable piece of fried yuba (tofu skin), a smoked miso broth, and a savory edamame puree. This dish reminded me of Horizons at its finest.

The hearts of palm and garbanzo crepe was akin to an Indian dosa filled with lentils and hearts of palm. I liked this dish and I think the green harissa added a big dose of flavor. Kudos to Vedge for this fusion offering.

The roasted maitake mushroom dish was mixed. I loved the maitake mushroom, which has a really great texture (a little soft, a little crunch), and the fried celery fritter also tasted great (and I normally hate celery). I didn't like the truffle mustard, however, which hurt the dish considerably, in my mind.

Lastly, the steak spice seared tofu was basically an English dish consisting of grilled tofu with peas and mushrooms. The beech mushrooms had a strong briny flavor and the dish on a whole was strong of salt; it lacked the subtlety of the gochujang tofu.

For dessert we had the cheesecake ($9) and the turnovers ($8). I liked the cheesecake a lot, as the mix of meyer lemon, crumbly-sugary crust and neutral tofu base created a nice mix of flavors. My friend, however, though it tasted too much of tofu. The turnovers, both of us agreed, were bland: fried pastries filled with sweet potato and served with cream. It sounds great, but the dish had no real sweetness and just didn't come together.

The service was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.

Vedge is one of the finest vegan dining experiences in the country. I'd argue that it's the best vegan experience in the US, easily beating places like Millennium in San Francisco and Candle 79 in New York City. All that said, it's not quite as good as its predecessor Horizons, which never let me down on any dish, and had dishes with a stronger flavor profile than Vedge. I gave Horizons five stars (one of very few places to get five stars in my book), and I think Vedge falls short of perfection, which is why I can only give it four stars. However, I will be happy to go back to Vedge and it is a wonderful place on a whole.
Vedge is not only one of the best vegan restaurants in the country, it's one of the best restaurants period. As a vegan chef and producer of the Vegan Fusion travel series I have dined in many of the top spots in the world. I would honestly say that the food is perfect and I would not change a thing. The food is meant to be shared tapas style and is served in perfect proportions. The atmosphere was very cool, wine list was short but impressive, and the wait staff was very knowledgeable about vegan cuisine. The next time I visit Philadelphia I will be camping outside their door. Do not go another day without eating here, it was like being in heaven on ecstasy while grazing....
I so wanted to like Vedge more than I did but the combination of small portions and large bill left a bad taste in my mouth. By the end of the meal we were un-ironically talking about what we were going to eat when we got home. It felt like a social experiment about rich hipsters--just how much can we get them to pay for bite-sized dishes. The place was packed, though, so I guess there's a market. The owner's previous restaurant Horizon's hit that sweet point of fancy-night-out and great-food. I miss it.
Popped into Vedge on a whim on Thursday for a nightcap. We were fortunate enough to enjoy the front lounge to ourselves for the entire time we were there, making for a really fun and romantic night out. The wine list was great, with some really interesting selections including a sparkling shiraz that was totally unexpected and completely awesome. Both of the mixed olives bowls provided for a very nice accompaniment. I may even be convinced to try dinner next time.
Too many restauranteurs with very well-trained chefs act like there is nothing they can do with vegetables other than grill them into a limp pile, toss them over pasta (with a pint of cheese), or make a salad.  Most vegans don't want to eat something so boring, let alone pay $20 a plate for it. Vedge, the perfect name for vegetable food on the edge, shows differently, with none of the aforementioned on the menu.  

There isn't really a description fitting this wonderful cuisine, which draws influences from countries all over the world.  Last night, I noticed Italian, Asian, and Indian touches.  Located in the elegant former space of Deux Cheminees (serious French, jackets required), Vedge is much more hip and fresh.  Two bars and several rooms make the place cozy, and the revamp is what you would expect from the visionary couple looking to top what they did at Horizons.

Other reviews have covered the food already.  Our outstanding dishes were the seitan with lentils and the golden beets stacked with tofu, avocado, and capers over pumpernickel.  Don't like beets?  Oh yes you do, when they are made this way.  My spouse had been lamenting the loss of the Horizons jerk BBQ seitan he used to dream about, but the new smoked seitan put that complaint to rest.  :-)  Whew!

Being from a *large plate* county, we adjusted to small plate dining and found that three dishes plus a side dish from the Dirt List (seasonal creations) was enough to fill us both.  However, the server said that three choices would be about the same as the typical appetizer + main course combo.  This style of eating allows you to sample more items, which is what I always want to do anyway, and who needs monster portions?  Another thing you will not forget is the amazing array of sauces created by Rich Landau.

This time, we had room for dessert, and both were outstanding: the lemon cheesecake and the apple bread pudding with bourbon ice cream.

Kate Jacoby hand selects the wines, listed from light to full-bodied.  Our server gave great advice too.  We always look forward to trying something outside our usual range, due to Kate's superior taste.  She also had a sparkling shiraz, which strangely went well with dessert, and they kindly split the glass since we only wanted one.  The cocktails here are unusually creative, though I didn't get to any because I wanted to benefit from Kate's wine knowledge.

I have to say that their glassware is beautiful.  I always notice this.  Be sure to find the gorgeous living-room-style cocktail lounge past the front bar, a small room with windows where it would be very peaceful and romantic to watch the sun go down.

Although this is more of a splurge place if you don't live in the city, it still ends up being less expensive than traditional meat-entree restaurants, and you have more control over what you can pay with the small-plate situation.  

The best thing of all is that my indulgence does not involve violence to any creature, nor do I have to see and smell meat as I celebrate a special occasion and try to live my values of peace and non-violence.

Thank you again, Kate and Rich, for exceeding expectations!
I'm officially a Vedge-etarian.

Not a vegetarian, mind you.  I'm still a proud omnivore.  A Vedge-etarian is simply someone who is madly in love with the vegetarian and vegan dirtcandy served up at Vedge.

I dropped by here with a friend immediately before bar crawl shenanigans were about to ensue, so we needed a meal that would provide some much-necessary fuel, but wouldn't leave us feeling uncomfortably full.  Vedge fit the bill nicely.

First of all, Vedge is lovely.  Camouflaged inside a cute brownstone, you'd never know there was a restaurant there without looking for the sign.  It was happy hour, so we plopped ourselves at the elegant bar.  We shared 3 items from the happy hour menu ($4 each) and 2 items from their "dirt list" (a constantly-changing menu of items where a single farm veggie is placed front and center).

First up: smoked mushrooms with white bean sauerkraut puree and crostini (from the happy hour menu).  Excellent, especially if you aren't afraid of bold mushroom flavor, which the sauerkraut and white bean accentuate nicely.

Second: Korean seitan tacos (from the happy hour menu). I could probably count on one hand the number of times I've ever tried seitan, so I'm probably not the best judge of these tacos.  What I do know is that they were flavorful, spicy, and very satisfying.  However, they looked more like taquitos to me...

Third: curry wedge fries (from the happy hour menu).  Definitely my least favorite item of the night.  You only get 3 measly fries, and I couldn't taste any curry spice whatsoever.  These fries weren't especially crispy, either.  I'd skip these if I were you.

Fourth: Brussels sprouts with mustard sauce (from the dirt list).  Very fresh and delicious.  I was especially keen on the absolutely outstanding mustard sauce, which used fresh mustard seeds rather than the yellow stuff from a jar.  The flavor was much more delicate.

Fifth: Crispy cauliflower (from the dirt list).  THE BEST.  This was probably the single best preparation of cauliflower I've ever had.   The cauliflower was very deeply caramelized, and tossed in a spicy sauce.   I think I detected some kimchi flavor in there too.   All this time I thought that cauliflower was a boring and bland vegetable, but Vedge proved me wrong.

All in all, dinner at Vedge was impressive.  Forget gardenburgers and lettuce leaves - Vedge showed that vegetarian food can be complex and interesting.

Vedge-etarianism may be the next big thing.
As someone who cannot survive without meat, I have been avoiding going to Vedge for the longest time. I did not understand how vegetables could go beyond what you could make at home. But Vedge proved me extremely wrong as this was definitely one of the best meals I have ever had in Philadelphia, and to think that you did not have to pay top dollar for this restaurant. 

Vedge, as a restaurant, cleans up really well. Their white walls, their interesting light fixtures, and their general clean and crisp interior genuinely reflects the feeling you get from eating your food. It's such a feel good restaurant, wherein portion sizes are hearty enough for you to be able to clean up your plate and leave satiated. 

The servers were also exceedingly helpful and nice, beyond being the normal courteous and professional you would expect. It's in the little details that you realize how truly attentive they were to us. For example, my co-diner expressed that he was originally hesitant to try the grilled seitan because he hates celery. To remedy this, our server had the celery moved to the side, which really helped him appreciate and enjoy his food. I, on the other hand, am injured so have to wear a knee brace. To accommodate this, the hostess let me have my pick of the table and walked just as slowly as I did so I did not feel uncomfortable. It's in the small details and small things your server does that you learn to enjoy the meal. The server, Ali, was also extremely helpful in picking out what to order, for someone who was a first timer at the restaurant like me. She would explain how each dish was made, when we were curious and recommend things based on what we ordered. She was the best. 

Of course, the food was absolutely phenomenal. For someone who is not even remotely vegan or vegetarian, you really appreciate the innovative approach they have to vegetables and to food in general. 

We started off with the stuffed avocado and the rutabega fondue. Both were amazing but I think there really is a brilliance to the rutabega fondue. 

The rutabega fondue is served with caramelized onions, pickled vegetables, and a pretzel bread. What makes this so outstanding is the taste of the rutabega. For someone like me who eats meat and cheese, it had the same creamy consistency you'd expect from any type of cheese fondue but the kick of earthiness and the chunks of rutabega you find in it remind you that even if you've made the association with cheese fondue it really was not the same thing. It's hard to believe that by mixing rutabega (a root crop for people like me who had no idea what I was eating) with other ingredients you can come up with something like fondue but can hold its own weight. This was definitely a memorable dish. 

We then worked our way through the grilled seitan and the braciole, which again were amazing in its own right. I really sadly have no criticism for this restaurant or the way the dishes were cooked. 

I was definitely a fan of the braciole, which is basically eggplant with fried rice and bits of eggplant stuffed into it. This sits on olive oil puree and is topped with half of a grilled cherry tomato. This dish was very refreshing. You'd expect that the eggplant stuffed with rice and all that would be heavy but the olive oil puree provided a great balance. It was a very light sauce that really let the taste of the eggplant shine through. The closest thing I can analogize this dish to is a sausage, but here, you don't experience the oiliness and the heartiness that meat brings, which makes this absolutely fantastic.

We also had sides - fingerling potatoes and brussel sprouts, which according to our server have both been around since the restaurant's opening. Both were good in their own right. A lot of people on Yelp rave about the fingerling potatoes and I can see why - it feels like a french fry and a baked potato all rolled into one. The inside of the potatoes were definitely soft and almost had a mash-y quality to it, which was perfectly complimented by the garlicky sauce it was drizzled in. The brussel sprouts were a lighter accompaniment to the meal. Brussel sprouts, i feel are hard to perfect - you want the outside if you're roasting it to be slightly crispy  but not to the point of burnt. You also want to make sure that the strong flavor of the brussel sprout does not turn too sour or bitter. Vedge has definitely balanced the two to bring out the flavor of the brussel sprout while still leaving it juicy. 

For dessert, we had the Figgy Cheesecake and the Dutch Caramel Apple. To our server, Figgy Cheesecake is a definite crowdpleaser. Apparently, the recipe is so secret that not even the servers know it.  It wasn't like your typical cheesecake which can almost have a mashy taste to it. This had more of a pudding consistency to it, which made it even lighter than you'd expect. Definte must get if you don't want a rich dessert.

All in all, I can't stop raving about just how great this meal was.
Vedge is THE BEST vegetarian restaurant I've ever been to.  The flavors are clean, unique, and simply spectacular.  The ambiance is sophisticated yet not at all stuffy, and the service is excellent.  

It is expensive and it's difficult to get a reservation, but thankfully they have the bar area which includes a pretty sweet happy hour (at the bar only from Monday-Friday, 5-7pm).  We walked in and easily got a seat at the bar at 5pm on a Wednesday.  My husband and I were both impressed by the elegant space and the clean decor as well as the attentive service.  The happy hour menu was smaller but had several interesting appetizers to choose from.  FYI, they changed the menu (including the cocktails) based on what's in season.  We ended up getting all four happy hour appetizers and each one was incredible!  The crispy cauliflower with sauce was a small plate of fresh, tasty morsels with exquisite texture from the light frying, and the dish was enlivened by the zesty sauce.  The flavors were bright and beautiful, playing off each other incredibly.

The Korean Seitan Taco was a rolled bundle of spicy, meaty, and savory flavors, and the texture was once again incredible.  Again, the fried kimchee potato salad combined flavors and texture in an unexpected and amazing way.  We additionally ordered the eggplant braciole off the regular menu, and it was another gorgeously flavored, unique dish.  All this raving and I haven't even mentioned the cocktails: fresh, delicious, and thoughtfully crafted and presented.  

Let's face it:  Rich Landeau and Kate Jacoby are nothing less than flavor geniuses!  I've dined at some of the more famous vegan restaurants such as Crossroads in LA and Millennium in San Francisco.  Vedge is at another level and blows these places out of the water!  

I have been vegetarian for 9+ years and mostly eat vegan at home.  I'm also a cooking enthusiast and have been creating unique vegetarian fare in my home kitchen for almost a decade. I have countless cookbooks and often cook by feel; however, the flavor combinations I tasted at Vedge were truly mind-blowing, and I was so inspired that I bought their cookbook to add to my collection.

It doesn't surprise me at all that Vedge is receiving such rave reviews, for it is truly well deserved.  If you are on the fence about trying vegan food, check out their happy hour and prepare to be amazed!
I've been to Vedge a few times and to its phenomenal predecessor, Horizons. I like the place, but it just doesn't wow me. It's all good (hence the three stars, which is NOT a bad review in my book), but it's not amazing.

Located inside a lovely old brownstone, make sure to get reservations if you really want to eat here. Otherwise you'll end up waiting for a table or sitting at the bar (which was fine by us).

We got the stuffed avocado ($12) which was an interesting mix of colors and textures, but not more than the sum of its parts. The avocado was straight-up and the cauliflower rice bland, though I enjoyed the spice of the sauce and the crispiness of the rice cracker that came with the dish.

The braised market greens ($12) were tasty, light and fresh, but this dish was basically just pho without noodles. I felt like I could have had a similarly delicious, and cheaper, meal at a Vietnamese restaurant somewhere.

The spicy dan dan noodles ($17) were nicely cooked, but the dish has little upfront flavor; you put a bite into your mouth and taste little until it goes down, when you get tons of back-spice.

Lastly, the blueberry cheesecake ($12) tasted all right. I liked the lavender ice cream and the freshness of the dish. But the cheesecake was too soft.

The drinks aren't bad and their beer/wine list is decent.

If you're in Philadelphia, it's hard to pass up an experience like Vedge. On the other hand, I think the food at other vegan places like Bar Bombon, Blackbird, Su Xing and Grindcore House is better.
This is one of my favorite vegetarian restaurants ever! Each of the dishes packed a huge punch of flavor, every one uniquely different!

Service was extremely friendly and gave recommendations on what to order. The consolidated menu definitely helped make the food come out very quickly so you were never hungrily waiting.

TLDR: favorite dishes were Sunchoke Bisque, Fancy Radishes, and Seared baby Tatsoi 

Sunchoke Bisque: Nice peppering and the warm temperature made the shot like soup go down easy and smooth

Fancy Radishes: 4 different types of radishes with a paired side that complimented and highlighted the saucing. This was a good choice to get multiple flavors in a single dish. 

Stuffed avocado: Very filling and who doesn't love avocado! The sauce was creamy and had a buttery bisque like flavor. Highly recommend

Chioggia Beets on Rye: Fun deconstructed sandwich - the horseradish sauce flavor provided good flavoring for the three other textures

 Wood Roasted Carrot - What is a carrot but a simple root in the ground. Yet combined with the mashed garbanzo and crunchy carrot kraut made this simple vegetable into something much more. Each bite tickling the tastebuds yearning for more.

Seared Baby Tatsoi - this dish was swept me into nostalgic memories of my childhood times eating my moms simple home cooked meals.

Nebrodini Mushrooms - the basil really brought out a beautiful flavor to this dish. Felt like sitting on the side of the road in Italy, relaxing and letting the hours go by. The cherry tomato fished out a burst of flavor with each bite of mushroom adding a crunchy texture to perfect satisfaction.

Eggplant Braciole - this dish wasn't as strong as the previous ones. Lots of eggplant per bite but the flavor wasn't accented to the level that I was dreaming for.

Ssamjang Tofu - this delectable dish was wrapped nicely together with the miso 

Grilled Maitake Mushroom - as seen in very few dishes, what I found special in this plate was the fact that the celery flavor was strong but not over-powering. 

Aloysius was quite refreshing and very nice to sip on while cruising through each dish and course.

If you read through this entire review, I'm impressed and extremely grateful for the spending time to review this review. Meal was brought to me by my friend and sponser Scott.
Remember that really cheesy movie starring Adam Sandler? The one where he acquires some insanely magical remote control that can pause, play, rewind, fast forward and slow-mo his life all with the press of a button?

Well, my recent meal at Vedge made me really REALLY want one of those darn remotes. The moment that final savory bite crossed my lips, the only thing I wanted IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD was to relive each perfect, unique bite. Eternally. Oh what I would give to experience the utter contentment of fork to mouth to satisfaction eye rolls that had occurred continually over the past hour!

THAT. GOOD.

Allow me to summarize my impeccable feast:

Appetizer: full board (tastes of each "small bite") including pickled veggies, garlic lupine beans and mixed black & green olives. This may have been the only time I've actually enjoyed green olives. Everything was perfect.

Daily dirt plate selection: crispy cauliflower - oh.my.god that SAUCE - spicy, creamy & an excellent complement to the melt-in-your-mouth cauliflower bites. LOVE.

Plates: I ordered the golden beets, avocado, smoked tofu (served in layers) and accompanied by two small slices of rye and a creamy cucumber sauce. The flavors combined nicely and the dish was light yet satisfying. I was also lucky enough to sample the nebrodini mushroom and orange cauliflower soup plates which were both absolutely divine (the mushroom plate was rather decadent tasting, really).

Desserts: We may or may not have ordered everything on the menu aside from the ice cream trio...oops? Recap: THE CHEESECAKE IS TO DIE FOR - salted white chocolate, pistachio and dates prove the absolute ideal combination. I also found the strawberry rhubarb bread pudding to be superb (it came with a scoop of saffron ice cream which was both interesting & perfect). The apple cake fritters were also quite tasty but not as "unique" in my opinion. Lastly, the chocolate pot de crème was chocolate just the way I like it - rich, pure and extra chocolately. And then they added salt? Queue dessert-fanatic worship.

Other things I love: the space (it used to be a house so the dining area consists of a few cozy rooms replete with fireplaces and an extremely "homey" vibe), the creativity of the dishes (not to mention the fact that all of the plates are beautifully and artistically presented). Vedge brings veganism to a whole new level. Seriously.

Sadly, I didn't get a chance to try their cocktails (I admit this was slightly purposeful ... now I just HAVE to return that much sooner :)).
After much anticipation, my boyfriend and I finally went to Vedge for a (fairly belated) Valentine's Day celebration.  We had a late reservation, but showed up a bit early and were promptly seated at a table for two. I ordered the orange wine (had to try it!) and my guy found a rare beer he'd never tried on the tap list.

We'd heard (and read) so many good things about Vedge that picking out our order was easy.  We knew the rutabaga fondue was a must, and it was truly delicious - although was not served particularly hot, and we both felt it would've benefited from being a bit steamier.  We shared the eggplant bracciole, campfire potatoes, and brussel sprouts, while I ordered the mushroom entree and he had the tofu.  The mushrooms were a stand out on their own, but all of the other dishes had a common theme - the flavor was packed in the sauce, while the rest of the dish was lackluster. I'm all for a delicious sauce, but I expected a place like this not to need it.

I hate to say it, but I just was not blown away by Vedge.  Perhaps my expectations were too high, perhaps it was too late on a Friday night, or perhaps the main chef was away.  I'd like to come back for happy hour, but I don't think I'll be dropping the big bucks on a full meal here again soon.
Everything from the atmosphere, the drinks, the service and the food was impeccable. The only thing that was lacking was some meat on the menu (just kidding). It's crazy how they make everything taste so multidimensional through vegan cooking. 

This restaurant is large, and it's nice how they don't crowd the tables together. You have a private dining experience, as there are three main rooms (4 counting the bar) and lots of space in between tables.

Daniel provided excellent service; he was attentive without hovering and gave us the right amount of time with the menu and between courses. He gave us great recommendations and walked through the menu with us patiently. Dinnerware was replaced between every course. 

We had a party of meat and seafood lovers, but we were all blown away with the quality of the food that was provided. The tofu looked like salmon honestly, and the beets looked like seared beef. Our favorite was the maitake mushroom, and we loved the leak tart. There was nothing we would have changed. Drinks were delicious with unique ingredients and went very well with all of our dishes. We will be back but only after we recoup the money we spent here ($$$).
It's mixed review time for Vedge. Had I rated Vedge on the food alone, I would've given them five stars.  But the service and slight embarrassment at the end of our meal brought my score down to three.

THE FOOD
A-maze-ing. Everyone says that Vedge is a great place for carnivores.  It is.  We weren't thinking about vegetables as we ate. All that mattered was the delicious food.  I recommend the sweet potato pate, which comes with bread, onions, cashews and mustard so that you can enjoy the flavors together.  I also recommend the stuffed avocado, the braciole, and the squash dish.

THE SERVICE
Our server was good. And nice.  But par.  No high highs.  No low lows. He spoke very quickly and we had to listen very closely to understand what he said, especially since it was our first experience with Vedge.

Our water glasses stayed full with filtered water.  That was nice.

While we were having a great time, we started to get the feeling that we were overstaying our welcome.  It was confirmed when our busser removed (snatched?) our water glasses from the table without asking if we were done.  I guess that's Vedge's way of saying, "It's time for you to leave now."  Then the hostess came to our table and very nicely explained that they needed the table.  I get it. Other reservations.  So we quickly vacated the spot.  However, just because we understood the reason, didn't make it any less embarrassing for me. 

TIP: If you go to Vedge and they remove your water glasses, that means it's time for you to leave. Or maybe you could simply ask up front what time your table expires.
You don't even understand- we had just been talking a lot straight up smack about rutabagas earlier that day. That very day. "Rutabagas, what's even the point of you?" we said, more as a judgement than even a question. "Thanks for being so waxy and weird." We went on and on, it wasn't nice, the things we said. 

The whole conversation had started between a friend and I after she asked me about what did I know about rutabagas and turnips. She was squeezin me for recipes, you see. I tell you what I knew about a rutabaga: if I were to find myself in the possession of one of those roots, it'd find itself up in something roasty, or in some kinda stew, tout de suite. But I wouldn't go out and buy one on my own. Why would I? I wouldn't go out of my way. Not for a rutabaga.

So, I guess we obviously had to order the roasted rutabaga salad off the, "Vedge Bar," small plates menu at Vedge that night? We did have to, we agreed, after all our shit-tawkin earlier. 

You see where I'm goin with this? Vedge got me thinking differently about the rutabaga...cause that elegant little salad was delicious. It was very much enjoyed.

I said the word, "elegant," and I never say that, and this is about a rutabaga, see? An elegant rutabaga.

I'm truth-telling, here. Roasted golden rutabaga, so thinly sliced, was topped with a lightly dressed salad of little baby leaves, charred onion, grilled slivers of shitake mushrooms, and a dusting of crushed pistachio. Freakin lovely. But everything we're tried at Vedge has been so... so expertly plated, so inventively prepared, so impressively tasty.

Here I am making a big deal about this once-scorned (by me) root, but in every preparation here seems to be an aspiration to take the vegetable to it's most excellence. It's excitin'.

I could ramble on too about so many of the other dishes. Ok, I will:

Fancy radishes are fancy. That's a fact. The many beautiful varieties plated almost sashimi style, are to be experienced in such a way as well, served with accompanying avocado- wasabi-like in appearance, pickled tofu, smoked tamari, and charred shishito pepper.

There's a smoked carrot kimchee "reuben," with a white bean puree, and pumpernickel. Try that. You gotta. 

Select any kinda mushroom concoction that is offered on the menu while you're at it, I tell you. For instance, choose the roasted maitake mushrooms. Glorious hen-of-the-wood is seared perfectly tender and tasty and perched upon a fritter of celery root with smoked leek remoulade and pea leaf puree, and you need to try that too. Flavors.

Golden beets!  I could also talk at length about how I'm all so happy that salt-roasted golden beets are on the menu (they were my favorite, favorite at the previous restaurant, Horizons). It's like the essence of lox with all the accoutrement, but beets, I repeats, and all vegan all the time. Just like everything else on the menu. It's excitin' and it's vegan.

That goes for desserts too. I loved the sticky toffee pudding for being everything it's name would claim it to be, all dense and sweet and satisfying, as much as I loved the sweet potato arancini dessert for being such a surprising combination of sweet and tart and spicy, these sweet-potato-stuffed rice balls served with halva, lime sorbet, and pho-spiced orange supremes. Killa. 

I just restaurant name-dropped Horizons a little while ago. I loved that restaurant plenty, and was lucky enough to have it all right down the street, back then. Neighboreenos. When frequenting Chefs Rich Landau and Kate Jacoby's prior South Street area spot, I'd consistently find myself leaving a meal all geeked about these vegetables, all geeked about the focus on local seasonal produce, all geeked about vegan fine dining, and all geeked about the possibilities of it all. Dining these days at Vedge, I taste even more of that excitin' vegan innovation coming outta the busy kitchen of the historic old mansion at 12th & Locust. We will continue to return for more of that. Turns out that I will go outta my way for a rutabaga.
The Gods of Vegetarian Haute Cuisine Live at Vedge

And These Gods Are Total Hedonists.

* * *

Upscale vegan food just keeps getting better and better.

I used to think the grand capital of exquisite vegan food was London.

Then I encountered some places in Prague that rocked my world.

Vedge blows away my favorite vegan temples in Prague.

* * *

The room looks like it could be the Yale Club

(Okay, okay, Philadelphia residents, the Penn Club.)

Wainscoting. Parquet floors. Church length windows of leaded glass.

The crowd is overwhelmingly millenial.

Aside from us, there was one set of parents taking a millenial to dinner, 

And one professional-looking sixty-ish couple,

Everyone else in the crowded room was under thirty five.

* * *

The menu is 100% vegan and works on the "big tapas" system.

Three plates will do you. Two will leave you hungry.

Their bar program is first rate.

Glow Like Ganesh is the greatest curry-flavored drink in the history of existence.

Vedge could have served me canned peas for the first, second and third course, and I still would have been ecstatically happy due to my Glow Like Ganesh.

It is Pimm's, with ginger, turmeric and yuzu.

Sometimes the drink tastes like ginger.

Sometimes the drink tastes like curry.

But there is no edge to either the ginger, the curry or the alcohol.

Everything is complexity and suaveness.

Every mouthful tastes different.

Ganesh doesn't glow in any of the pictures I have of him.

(How exactly now does an elephant glow?)

But I was glowing for the rest of the night.

My wife used me as a flashlight on the walk back to our bus stop.

* * *

My wife and I had many dishes that night.

Some were merely wonderful.

Some were far more than that.

The Mount Everest of these culinary Himalayas was a cold dish of tomatoes and radishes.

How can cold tomatoes and radishes be a legendary dish?

Start with five or six completely different breeds of heirloom tomatoes.

Tomatoes in every color and size you can think of.

The finest most artisanal tomatoes you can imagine.

We were eating in August in the prime of fresh tomato season.

Now add four or five kinds of gourmet radish.

(I didn't know that many kinds of radish existed)

Add flavor touches of yuzu green goddess dressing, sesame oil or shisu.

Every single bite was different. Each individual tomato was a different color, texture and taste. All of them were at their absolute prime.

* * *

Other high points in this Himalayan range:

A leathery (yes leathery) gazpacho.

Much richer and more baritone than the typical cliched gazpacho, and completely intriguing.

Deviled kohlrabi sauce. (It was on mushrooms but who cares? It was the sauce the sauce the sauce.)

My wife fell in love with a vegan leek tart with black garlic jam.

She also fell in love with the lavender ice cream served on the side of a vegan ooey-gooey chocolate dessert.

I fell in love with the whipped coconut cream that went on top of a lemon-raspberry pudding.

And then for double dessert, there was a final amuse-bouche of two of the most perfect chocolate peanut butter squares on the planet.

* * *

Ganesh does not live in Nirvana. He simply tells you how to get there.

I was there. I was there all night.

Vegetables are supposed to be good for you right?

These vegetables are decadent, and depraved. They pander to your deepest desires.

Be it now known that not all fleshpots have actual flesh.

At Vedge, you can enjoy the pleasures of pure carnality while never actually leaving the Plant Kingdom.
Returned to Vedge a couple of months ago for happy hour. It was fine in that nothing went particularly wrong, except that everything was mediocre -- which is much worse than I remember. Some of the food used to be delicious, but no longer. 

Whereas Vedge's offerings used to be deliciously indulgent, they now seem merely overpriced, since they don't even taste great anymore.

It's somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. On food alone, it's more like 2.5 stars, but since the entire experience was so disappointing, I'd rate Vedge at 2 stars rather than 3 stars. 

I left as soon as I could & went to a different happy hour spot for tasty bites.

2+ stars
Are you kidding me??? Have all the other people been paid to write good reviews? I  hated the ambiance - it was loud and noisy. While they tried to desperately attempt to create a very upscale place, it came across more like a fish market at Seattle. And don't even get me started on the food. The menu does not explain what the strange sounding items or veggies are. I ordered the lupini beans with the peri-peri sauce after the waiter explained that peri-peri sauce was some Portuguese spicy sauce. But when the appetizer arrived, I was struck by the bitter taster of the sauce. That it was bad, is an understatement. My main course was an entree with tofu and guess what, it was a single piece of Tofu!!! I have been a vegan most of my life but this quantity is like half of baby portions. Get real people. Why do you want to pay upscale prices for a downgrade restaurant. If you want to do that then you can happily enter Vedge!
Not the most amazing place I have been to... 

A lil over hyped. 

It's good to have so many vegetarian options but it still felt like it wasn't enough... the taste was very average and i expected it to be a lot better after reading all the reviews and ratings. 

We ordered the mushroom dish and it was way too watery. 

Also the stuffed avacado could have used a lil more flavor.
Okay, so I'm glad that I can say I've been there but I probably won't be rushing back. Let's get something out in the open first: I LOVED Horizons and was horrible depressed when it closed. My gut was bursting when I left that place and everything was absolutely amazing and the atmosphere was so, so romantic and cozy. Vedge? Not so much. I mean, it's nice inside but not as romantic. 

My biggest issue with Vedge wasn't the flavors - they were pretty good. I think it was that I was expecting Horizons again, and this is anything but. Yes, it's Rich Landau, but he's moved up in the world (good for him, I love him!) which means...small, small portions and big, big prices. This is disappointing to me because when the waitress (who was great) told us that she recommended 3 plates per person, I knew we were in trouble. 

The top of the menu was pretty much cold appetizers to share with the table. 3 for $9, it says. Don't think about getting two, or one. If you go with two it's $10. Why? I don't know. The waitress shrugged and said "I don't know why it's like that." So we ended up with the pickled cauliflower, fried shisito peppers and the u-peel lupini beans. I was underwhelmed and even left some of the food on the plate. I was just expecting flavors to be punching me in the face, but they were good to graze on while I slugged back the pomegranate sangria. I ordered it because it was least expensive cocktail on the menu. It was pretty to look at, but overall, a forgettable experience.

The hot kitchen items were the stars of the meal and I think if we ever did end up her again we'd just order these and dessert. My boyfriend had the grilled seitan. I remembered getting the grilled seitan at Horizons years ago. It was the best meal I've ever had. The waitress said these plates were bigger. Okay, they're bigger, but they're still too small. The seitan was absolutely divine, and my tofu was out of this world. I loved the marinade it was in. And the edamame puree was super! The sweet potatoes from the dirt list were okay. I liked the coleslaw like veg underneath of them. It was addicting.

I remembered the legendary vegan cheesecake from Horizons, too. A normal slice of cheesecake in size. This time, however, the cheesecake had some sort of waldorf salad celery gel on it (????) and I didn't like that. And the cheesecake was literally 2 bites. We also shared the uber chocolate chunk, and it came with 2 bites of ice cream, 1 bite of chocolate and some sort of pudding. It was good but I was still hungry after my meal. Saaaad.
For all the creativity exerted here I don't think Vedge has hit their stride yet. After two cocktails, two pieces of bread, two small plates from the dirt list and 5 items from the Plates section, plus desserts and coffee, laying down $150 for two people you simply should not still feel hungry at the end of the meal. I don't need to be stuffed but I was still voracious driving home. 

Don't get me wrong, the food was exquisite. I love vegetables. And I have a great deal of respect for the way they are treated by the chefs here. They let them sing. I wish this was more common amongst vegan and vegetarian restaurants, instead of leaning so firmly on meat mimicry, tofu and seitan. Not only were the plates presented beautifully but the flavors were totally dynamite. Our favorite was the Smoked Eggplant and Cauliflower braciole. The grilled gochujang tofu was a close second, followed by the fingerling fries with creamy worcestershire and golden beets. But seriously, we each got a tiny slice of bread before our meals (which was cold and unremarkable as far as bread goes, though it was served with plenty of pomp and circumstance) and we spent the rest of the meal contemplating abducting one of the bread men and stealing his load. I've been to places that do small plates before- Zahav for example- and I really think Vedge would do well to have a balanced tasting menu that will actually fill an average person sufficiently. We could have seriously eaten two more plates each at least, but at those prices? No way. Perhaps if they consider incorporating some grains into the plates, or having a fancier fresh bread on the table I might not have to spend an additional $30 a person to feel sated. One cannot get by on mushrooms and peas alone. Like other reviewers have said, most of these dishes' ingredients must literally cost pennies per dish - tofu? veggies? c'mon. I am not getting $13 worth of presentation.

The service was great, I never found it overbearing, though the host was a bit of a dismal character. The interior was comfortable, very clean design with neat rustic-modern lighting fixtures I wanted almost as much as a crust of bread. 

My boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere special for our 4th anniversary. I didn't really want to end up at the sandwich shop around the corner after a really pricey dinner and sadly we did. Great food but the prices need to come down so I can order enough feel like I didn't just have the most expensive snack of my life and need to chase it with a pork sandwich. I might never be back unless I'm feeling extremely rich and not very hungry. Which for me are two very rare things.
Food was artistic and delicious! Portions are small, this is not your neighborhood chipotle.
Get the rutabaga fondue. I know everyone is ordering it, it's not special, you want to get something else. Don't listen to that special snowflake inside you and order it anyway. Trust me. 
The portions are smaller but not tiny - I had three dishes, and it more than filled me up. I think the food was relatively creative. I liked most of the flavors and textures, but a few things threw me off (like the strange chickpea spread with the wood roasted carrot). 

The service was fantastic. I sat at the bar and everything was speedy, attentive, and amicable. 

I like the ambiance: cool, modern, and comfortable. 

I went for happy hour and nabbed some good deals on simpler drinks and food.  

Vedge is a great place to go for delicious, vegetarian food in a clean, modern environment.
I'm the minority here, but I was so underwhelmed by my Vedge experience.  I found some of the food to be bland, grossly overpriced, and not filling.  I've had better (and cheaper) vegetarian food at other spots in Philly and NYC.  Very disappointed, so not worth it!
This was the best meal I have ever had in my whole life. That includes before and after I became veg eight years ago. It is better than any 'upscale' vegan restaurant I have eaten at in NYC, or even San Francisco. Philadelphia, you have the world's best veg restaurant!

You know that scene in Ratatouille when the food critic Ego takes a bite out of the dish and time freezes? That was me at Vedge. Except  at every dish.

I could rave and rave about specifics, but there's plenty of documentation here on Yelp and online. The menu changes so often that it's hard to keep track, either way. But the restaurants main specialties include the salted beets, fancy radishes, the rutabaga fondue and their cheesecake.

Personal favorites: the fondue, the toast special (hearts of palm and delicious veggie-based cheddar), the maitake mushroom (was unreal), and the DESSERTS! I could go to a dessert-only Vedge and die happy. The mud pie was the best dessert I have ever had.

Ok, lots of superlatives in this review. but I mean them all. I can't ever eat food the same again
I was here last spring and the review I wrote at that time was published and then later it vanished. Nothing in my review violated Yelp's TOU. Initially I gave Vedge 2 stars but since they seem bothered by legitimate criticism, I am back to make my review one star.

My friend E and I love to eat. It can be dim sum, pizza, aged meat, cupcakes, pasta-you name it, we shall try it. Both E and I spent decades as vegetarians, so we are not meat scarfing, bone chewing boors ignorant of fine plant based cuisine. That said, we both agreed that $200 plus dollars for a vegetable meal for 2 athletic adults who had to go to Chinatown to adequately fuel up after is just not right on any level.  

The wooden bar you first come upon at Vedge is a beautiful piece as is the house Elder Sage cocktail they serve. For us, the joy stopped there. Our server was arrogant and holier than thou and talked down to us like we'd crawled in filthy from a cave, dressed in bloody furs and demanding roast beast and lots of it. 

As an amuse bouche, we were served a chilled cucumber soup in a shot glass. It was lukewarm. Tasty but nowhere near cold. The rest of the meal failed us in similar ways. Since it's been nearly a year and this review will probably be deleted, too, I won't go into the dish by dish rundown like I did before. Suffice it to say that our level of bemusement reached a high when the star of the dinner, a medium sized cooked carrot, was presented to us on what was an otherwise bare plate. And it tasted like what it was-a cooked carrot. It was not especially sweet or tender or anything else. It didn't dance or make us laugh. It just was. 

Prior to that, my companion asked the server if we could have bread or rolls. The withering look and lack of response or any baked carbs making their way to the table post request made E feel like he had asked to lick the servers shoes. Yes, Vedge IS vegan but is bread a sin? Or an affront? Could it have hurt the server in any way to courteously tell E that the restaurant did not serve bread?

One of the high points of the evening was not anything that was served but rather it was watching the young couple next to us. It was clearly an important and serious date, perhaps a first one. As the miniscule and expensive portions came to their table, at first they both feigned delight and appreciation, but when they, too, reached The Carrot portion of their meal, the young man looked at the root, then his date, then at the root again and whispered, "Is this a joke?!" I caught his eye and made a complicit face. His date caught us exchanging glances and started to giggle. E had to leave the table so he could guffaw discreetly in the bathroom.

Let me be clear. None of the food was bad. It was skimpy, unseasoned or under seasoned, unoriginal and unsatisfying. Oh, yes, and over priced. 

By the time we reached dessert and had finished our murky black drinks made with activated charcoal (no, I do not jest), we were regretting the choice of this venue for fine dining. E indicated that serious spirits were in order so I choose the amaro flight. In selecting 3 liqueurs for the flight, I mispronounced one that I was not familiar with and the server corrected me rudely in the loud, flat, mocking tone of a strict grade school teacher. Okay. Shame on me.

If you must go-sit at the gracious old wooden bar, order an amaro flight, point to the ones you want but can't pronounce and have dinner elsewhere. Your date and your credit card will thank you.
One word.....AMAZING!

Absolutely one of THE BEST vegan restaurants I have ever been too. I agree with other Yelpers in that the service is just as good as the food. Joseph was my server and he was great! 
There were quite a few options to choose from, but as always, I relied on the top recommendations and I was very pleased.
For drinks, I tried the strawberry mansion (so refreshing) and for my courses, I chose the stuffed avocado....creamy, inventive, and delish; from all of the reviews, I couldn't pass up the rutabaga fondue and I see why everyone raves about it, it was amazeballs and a MUST. The nebrodini mushrooms were very good, something you will not find anywhere else, but the seared maitake mushroom killed it!
Last, but not least...the cherry cheesecake....OMFG! I was a little confused about the potato chip ice cream, but Joseph provided me with a good explanation and so with the trust we developed in our 1 1/2 hours together, I went with it and I am beyond thrilled that I did. I can't wait to come back. I swear, if I lived in Philly, I would have to dine here on a weekly basis.
We were UNDERWHELMED. 

GREAT atmosphere. Attentive Staff.

Ratio of price, per food.... poor.  Helpings are VERY small. Yes, I know.. I want big helpings, goto a buffet. I get it. But really, the entree portions are small for little reason other than it's fashionable to serve VERY little food I suppose. We were just at Talula's garden, and that wins hands down. Why cant Vedge add I dont know, some barley..or grains to their meals.. give more OOMPH. 

Drinks were good..  get the one with Sake, its the best.
I have been stalking the twitterverse and interwebs ever since Horizon's announcement that they would close their doors, even tweeting some less than nice words regarding the rumor that Vedge would not serve veggie proteins.  It's  possible that I cried a little when my friends and I ate our final meal at Horizon's.  Those tears are dried, dead, and gone my friends because Vedge is more than just a rebound; it's true love. 

Let's start with the decor.  It's beautiful and rustic and clean looking.  The rich, dark wood, farmhouse style light fixtures with amazing light bulbs that emit the perfect dimness to flatter even the splotchiest skin tones, and the sleek creamy white walls give this place the grownup feel it deserves.  There are three dining rooms, and a bar area.  My only gripe is the backless chairs that exist in the dining room my husband and I were seated in, the back near the kitchen/plating area.  The actual seats are super comfy, but after a while I need a back rest, not a reminder that I need to work on my core strength. The service was top-notch from the hostess to the servers.  I can't remember our servers name, but she was sweet and energetic and seemed happy to be there.  

Now let's get to the food and drinks, the root of my love. I started with the Elder Sage cocktail because it contains Hendrick's gin, and because I've always wondered if I like elderflower liqueur.  Turns out I do.  I could've downed a bucket of this drink it was so refreshing.  Our server let us know that the plates are designed so that 2-3 will complete a full dinner, with the option of "for the table" and "dirt list" additions.  The entire menu sounded like perfection, but my husband and I narrowed it down to two for the table starters of truffled fingerling fries and crispy cauliflower with kimchee crema.  The fries are actually baby potatoes, not the wedges you used to get at Horizon's, and they are awesome with the perfect truffly background.  The cauliflower might have been my favorite thing of the night, I keep switching back and forth when I replay the meal over and over in my head.  The kimchee crema is dare I say, fucking brilliant.  It took all of my might not to lick the plate.  

Our next dishes came, the Pho for my mister, and the Gold Beets for me. I'm not a clove person so I wasn't all about his Pho, he liked it enough, but the noodles were way more angel hair pasta than ramen.  He assumed he wouldn't like my choice since he doesn't love beets, but tasted more than two forkfuls of my amazing dish.  I believe this one was featured at Horizon's, but I never ordered it.  The flavor combinations of the dish are so complimentary I wanted to cry a little, and the dill sauce was pure bliss. This is why I love Vedge so much. At Horizon's I always had to choose one entree, hemming and hawing over the choices, splitting an app, or maybe two with a friend, and then questioning if I made the right decision.  At Vedge the plates are priced and sized in such an accessible way that I was able to taste so many dishes without regret of what could have been.  After completing our second round of food we ordered more drinks, boring beer for the mister, who said his pilsner was actually quite delicious, and a switch to the Apple Cide Car for me.  My drink was just okay, but I think it's my taste, not the mixology.  I like the boozey background flavor of a cocktail and the Cide Car was too sweet and reminiscent of apple juice for me.  If you like sweet drinks, this one is for you.  We waited a good bit for our next plates, which was okay with me since I like to take my time and clock as many minutes possible when dining.  We were met with a complimentary Bahn Mi Crostini as an apology for the wait due to some kitchen mishap.  It just so happened that this was the one dish we had decided against, thinking it would be too much food.  I wanted it desperately and consider it a gift from the universe that the kitchen had a bit of a malfunction.  The spicy tofu, creamy sriracha sauce, pickled veggies and salty bread made for a party in my mouth.  Possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Next we dined on the steak spice seared tofu and the grilled seitan, two reimagined dishes from the Horizon's menu.  They are better, and portioned beautifully.  The black lentils compliment the seitan in a way yukon mash could not, and I am a mashed potato junkie, so that's saying a lot.  At this point I was ridiculously full, but figured I'd just take a look at the dessert menu for future reference. Wrong.  We opted for two desserts and a latte.  The Choco Taco and the Sticky Toffee Pudding came out and though we'd planned to share my husband's affinity for the taco made me question his love for me. Both were amazing, as was the latte.

The total bill for two small plates, four larger plates, four drinks, two desserts, and a latte was $115.  I just found my new favorite restaurant.
I realllllllly wanted to like this place more. I had been trying to come here forever!!!! When my girlfriend and I finally made it in time to get a seat at the bar for happy hour I was super excited. The atmosphere is beautiful, the drinks were delicious. My problem lies with the food and the overall feeling I had when I walked in. It had an alienating vibe, like I wasn't cool enough to stay and eat. The food is also supppppeeerrr expensive while the portions are tiny. I would have to get one of everything on the menu to feel satiated. However, my bill would be astronomical. 

Long story short, I was glad to finally try it out, felt like a total loser while I was there, and paid way to much for way too little food. I can appreciate the thought and skill behind each dish, however, there are way to many delicious places in philly to go at way lower prices. I would recommend people to try it out, just know it is a bit of a pricey meal.
OK - again I vacillate between 4 & 5 stars.

Decor and Service were top-notch.
Cocktails are delicious - albeit pricey - with freshly "crafted" ingredents like smoked cinnamon and house-made bitters.

For "healthy" food - many of the dishes were oily or had fried components or incorporated bread.  The cauliflower was fried and oily.  Potatoes and root veggies?  Fried.

The best bite of the night?  Parsnip spread - on white toast (odd that so many things are served on bread??

Come here in the summer for fresher better choices.  Winter veggie fans, rejoice - you can get parsnips, turnips, potatoes, radishes and a plethora of beet varieties.

I wish I could remember our french female servers name - she was patient and kind.
The "bus folks" were workin' it, too!

Love it here.
You can't always rely on the publicity, recognition and prices to determine quality.  Half our party were vegetarians and we had two big events that we were celebrating.  Our visit was eagerly anticipated, but that quickly evaporated and turned to disgust.  We first ordered a bottle of Champaign from awkward, disapproving sommelier.  Then we were served by a waitress that couldn't have been more condescending, rude, disrespectful and just flat out ignored us at times.  We ordered what we were told were "large tapas plate" that turned out to be small tapas plates.  It felt like there was a table minimum to receive good service and they were doing us a favor by letting us eat their food.  

I would highly recommend the zucchini pickles, smoked carrots and the Brussel sprouts.  They were very good. 

Money doesn't always buy class or good service, but it will buy you a better meal somewhere else. 

What could have been a great experience, turn sour.
Having just returned from 2 weeks in Columbia (the land of beans and lard in her words), my dear friend requested a place for a nice Birthday dinner that included lots and lots of veggies. Wanting to not disappoint, I chose Vedge. I don't know if you heard, but they have vegetables here, in spades.

I was also lucky enough to get an invite to this birthday dinner.  Upon arriving, I found her and her parents at the bar enjoying some serious cocktails.  We were seated in the front room and greeted by our waiter Owen.  Owen was great at helping us navigate through the menu and for being a good sport.  There was a bevy of waiters that brought out food and kept our water glasses filled.  

We had quite a sampling, most notably the portabello carpaccio, the golden beets, and the seitan.  When 3 of us asked if we could order the brussel sprouts, our 4th said they wouldn't eat it since they don't like them.  I bet them they would like Vedge's brussel sprouts, and I was right.  They did.

We also shared two desserts - the peanut butter chocolate chunk and the blueberry cheesecake.  The latter was the better in my opinion, but the chocolate chunk was still pretty tasty.
This is the place to go for beautiful vegetarian. It's fancy but home-y, all at once.
The cocktails veer on the sweet side perfect for me.
So, get one of everything. 
But, if you don't have an unlimited budget my standouts include the rutabaga dip with pretzel. The fancy radishes. The yummy curry delicata squash. It's hard to believe the desserts were dairy free. 
Go. Go eat everything. Bring your meat eating friends and they will be converted.
First off, if there was an option for 3.5 stars, that's what I would have chosen. 3 stars is harsh, but it's not quite 4 stars. Regardless, this review is very difficult to write, since although I haven't seen her in a while, I consider Kate an old friend. I really, really wanted to give it 5 stars, as I would have given Horizons (both Horizons locations!) but alas, I cannot. 

The food was very good, but it did not blow me away. I was especially excited for the grilled seitan, since that was my favourite dish at Horizons, but it was merely "good"; not amazing. Every single thing we ordered was tasty, and I did not dislike anything. Nothing at all gave me what I like to refer to as a "foodgasm." Nothing. Horizons often did this for me. I was just eating at Vedge three nights ago, and I cannot even remember details on what I ate. I can still describe in detail the Sopa de Tortilla I ordered at the original Horizons over a decade ago. But Vedge was good, don't get me wrong! Just not incredible. 

The portions are VERY small, which you can expect from a tapas-style restaurant, but... here's the thing... 1. The dishes were very difficult to cut/share, which is usually the point of tapas (this was a huge turn-off for me) and 2. It's vegan. Even vegans will admit that it takes a bit more in the way of vegan food to feel satisfied, so I left spending well over $200 for our party of 4, still feeling like I could have eaten twice as much. I went to El Camino with a friend quite literally 2-ish hours later and ate a whole 2nd dinner! I consider myself a foodie and have NO problem paying $50+ per person for an excellent meal that fills me for the night... I do that often, and happily! I do, however, have a bit of an issue paying $50+/person and needing to satisfy myself with cheap BBQ 2 hours later.

The service was OK. Again, not amazing. Worthy of 3 stars in that area too, if we're talking about fine dining, which this is. The atmosphere was also not as comfortable and romantic as Horizons. No backs to most of the chairs and a dark, contemporary feel. I hate to keep comparing, but how can you not? It's the same chefs and a similar concept. Many of the people who want to check out Vedge are doing so because of their love for the chefs' past restaurants (myself included.) 

Do I think you should check it out? Absolutely! See what you think. Do I think you'll be rushing back to return? Depends on what you're into, I guess, and how big your appetite is. I won't be rushing... but if I happen to be out with a vegan, I'd consider hitting happy hour.
Great food. Great ambiance. Great Service.

Horrific overpricing. Unsubstantial amount of food, per price point. 
Hence, not comparable with related fine restaurants.

Food is very good, great date spot.
However, this is outright gouging by the owners and they know it.
Can't go back, best wishes.
Food

-As previously alluded, there are no animal products at all used in Vedge's kitchen- no meat, no cream, no cheese, no butter and definitely no bacon. Everything you see is made of vegetables. As off-putting as that may sound to some of you, let me assure you from one carnivore to another- there is nothing to be unsatisfied about. Every taste, texture and aroma will prove itself satisfying, and you'll inevitably leave feeling satiated and content.
-Landau has been lauded (hehe- see what I did there with those similar words??) as one of the city's top chefs, but I will venture to say he's in North America's top. There are not that many chefs I know who can become so comfortable with the biochemical properties of different vegetables that they can find ways to make them taste like dairy and meat.
-The menu is divided into share-plates For the Table (3 for $9), the Vedge Bar (cold items), Hot Plates (hot items), The Dirt List (sides) and Desserts.

For the Table (3 for $9)
U-Peel Lupini Beans with Piri Piri & Fried Garlic; Curry Pickled Cauliflower; Chili Roasted Almonds

A fun choose-your-own-adventure dish, all of which were tasty and refreshing. We happened to actually pick three options with a solid level of heat, but they were so addictively tasty, that didn't stop me. I particularly enjoyed the pickled cauliflower, which had a perfect balance of acid, sweet and heat.

Chilled Corn Soup ($9)
Cubanelle Pepper, Yuzu, Cilantro Crumbs

One of my favourite dishes of the night. I loved the sweetness of the smooth thin corn puree with the supple pops of delicate kernels strewn throughout and the refreshing crispy crumbs on top.

Salt Roasted Gold Beets ($10)
Avocado, Smoked Tofu, Rye, Capers, Creamy Cucumber

A tasty take on lox, cream cheese and dark rye bread. I loved the natural sweetness of the beets against the creamy layer of tofu and avocado, as well as the satisfying bite of the briny capers. 

Fresh Peas & Cauliflower ($14)
Buckwheat Crepe, Beech Mushrooms, Preserved Lemon

Another favourite dish for me that I would absolutely love to try to replicate. The nutty chewy buckwheat crepe was packed with a creamy cauliflower puree reminiscent of ricotta cheese. With such a lusciously decadent mouthful, the crepe paired beautifully with the sweet fresh peas and earthy mushrooms. 

Roasted Maitake & Trumpet Mushrooms ($15)
Celery Root Fritter, Smoked Leek Remoulade

As expected from such hearty shrooms, the maitakes and trumpet were satisfyingly meaty, and totally addictive paired with the sweet celeriac fritter and tangy remoulade. A stellar vegetarian dish.

Grilled Seitan ($16)
Swiss Chard, Whipped Tahini, Pickled Turnips, Za'atar

I am no expert when it comes to vegan cuisine, so I haven't had a whole lot of really excellent seitan dishes in my day. But man, if this was what it always tasted like, I would totally hit this up more often. The protein was smoky and tender with a texture nearly identical to succulent shawarma chicken, absolutely brilliant with the Middle Eastern spices and nutty cream.

Brussels Sprouts ($8)
Shaved & Grilled, Smoked Mustard

I will never turn down a tasty Brussels sprouts dish, and this baby did not disappoint. I loved the sweet smoky leaves with the tangy zippy bite of the smoked mustard cream, and really enjoyed the tender delicate texture.

Saffron Cheesecake ($9)
Basil Gel, Rhubarb Ice Cream, Black Olive-Pistachio Crumble

The servers told us that aside from Chef Landau, no one in the restaurant is aware of the recipe for the cheesecake base, and I'll tell you, it really stumped me. It was creamy, tangy and blessedly dense with an aromatic perfume from the saffron. I was definitely skeptical about the vegan ice "cream", but Vedge nailed it with the luscious creamy texture of the Rhubarb frozen treat. And to help cut some of the richness and sweetness going on, the slightly savoury bite of the olive crumble balanced everything out. 

Cherry Jelly Donut ($8)
Horseradish Cream, Zhoug, Turkish Iced Coffee

Another stand-out dessert with an interesting Middle-Eastern flavour profile and a satisfying balance of savoury and sweet. The donuts reminded me of some of the "cronuts" I've had, in that they were wickedly crispy on the outside and meltingly moist within. I loved the mild heat of the zhoug and the horseradish spicy-sweet cream with the tangy bite of the cherries on the plate. The unsweetened coffee was also a nice touch as it added a mildly bitter hit to take the edge off the sweets. After these two sweet picks, I would definitely return to Vedge to sample all of the desserts.


Closing Remarks

-For 4 cocktails, 1 glass of Tokaji, and 9 dishes, the bill came to about $240 including tax and tip. Sure, there were no pricy oysters, foie gras, or kobe beef on my plate, but was it worth it? Holy, yes. The food and cocktails were satisfying and memorable, the service was professional and sweet, and the space is beautiful for a casual meal or a special date.
In the first few moments of walking in this restaurant, I really wanted to hate this place.  I came in on the back end of a less than pleasant exchange in the hostess stand area, between a customer and one of the hosts/manager/owner?  I do not like to see conflict in a retail establishment.  I usually come down on the side of the customer being right always and leaving.  

One of the hostesses grabbed me, seated me, and adroitly placed my coat in the coat room returning with the claim check tag.  She was younger but able to carry on a conversation, maintain eye contact, talk in complete sentences.  She was from Chicago, and we caught up a little bit about goings on in IL. She recommended the yellow beets dish, and when it came it was fabulous.  In other words she was the PERFECT hostess.  

After ordering Sangria, I looked around and saw no salt and pepper shakers.  I asked and they replied you will not need them.  I thought you pretentious snobs! 

It is a small plate restaurant.  I also orderd the brussel sprouts, Seitan lentil dish, and tofu capers and cucumber sauce.  Each dish was better than the previous one.  

I had the apple fritter for dessert.  It was spectacular.  

This is the best vegetarian restaurant that I have been too.  I also failed to mention that 3 different peopl checked in on me to mske sure that everything was right.  My waitress was remarkably helpful in guiding me through the menu, whne she found out I was new to vegetarianism. (sp?)  

Oh and by the way for the record, I did not need the salt and pepper shaker, and I learned to check my biases about restaurants with my coat!
Hats off to the chef at Vedge. As a non-vegetarian (read: meat eater) I am proud to say that I enjoyed everything I ate here. If you liked Horizons, you will love Vedge. If you don't know what I'm talking about, let me share some dishes worth having:

Pho-broth ramen: superb flavor, smoked broth, tasty mushrooms and other veggies.
Banh mi crostini: amazing combination of tofu, pickled carrots and cabbage, and a spicy sauce
Choco taco: wood smoked ice cream? That's what's up!

Overall, I also wish we got more items off the "dirt list" a daily specials list that takes super fresh vegetables and transforms them into something awesome.

Whether you are a level 5 vegan that doesn't eat anything that casts a shadow or a person who just has excellent taste in food, you should get your butt over here soon. But don't forget your checkbook cause this sucker is spendy...
Service is ATROCIOUS. How bad, I even registered for yelp, just to post this review! The food was gorgeous, excellently cooked, and really tasty, I especially liked their 'dirt' menu, I changes every day and I wanted to try everything on the menu. They have an extensive drinks menu. BUT..... It was my first time there, and my first 'welcome' was ' your 5 minutes late and if there rest of your party are not here in 5 minutes the kitchen closes' this was at 9:35. I later confirmed with our server the kitchen closes at 10...... I'm really not sure why this ignorant rude e front of house server had to be how he was. Hopefully the restaurant can in some way remind him of customer service and exactly who it is that brings money to the restaurant.
Hands Down, Top 3 Best Meals I've Had this Year.

This from a carnivore who smoked 22 pounds of ribs and brisket for the 4th of July.

I was surprised and delighted that vegan cooking could be this nuanced and fulfilling.

Highlights: 
Sweet Potato Pate
Salt Roasted Golden Beets
Eggplant Braciole
Roasted Fingerlings with Creamy Worcestershire
Below is an old review draft I never finished.  I've noshed at Vedge twice since then and greatly enjoyed my snack both times. I say snack because filling it was not but i imagine that's besides the point at such an uber-refined joint.
And that cool slab of marble they call a bar just may be one of the finest surfaces upon which my elbows have ever rested.


Greens were bland--none of the promised smokiness and, one could argue, stringy on the mushrooms, and the pisco based drink was dominated by a harsh grappa taste--yea,yea, I know pisco and grappa are the same thing, geographical origins aside, so grape-skin kerosene is a very raw spirit, but I love a nice pisco sour as served by certain Peruvian joints in Newark, NJ who entender el equilibrio.  
Los Vedgetenders muddled it up, adding kaffir lime shrubs or something and that didn't work for me either.
It was an impromptu cheat night.  I'm glad we ended up coming here after craving some mexican, i didn't feel so bad about breaking my diet.  After all, veggies are good for you!  It was about 945pm when we arrived and we opted to sit at the end of the bar.  There were other people dining at the bar, plenty of space available and we didn't feel cramped at all.  The bartenders were great.  They were very friendly and tentative.  I can't recall the beer i ordered but it had a hint of orange (maybe strange orange) but it was great.  

We ordered three hot plates.  First was the carrots shawarma style, black lentils, garbanzos, olive stew, green harissa.  The flavor was great; we ended up scooping some of the lentils with the bread.  The second dish was the braciole: smoked eggplant & cauliflower, italian salsa verde, cured olive.  I think this was our fave hands down.  The bf said the texture reminded him of meat.  That's always a plus from a carnivorous man.  Anytime i can have smoked eggplant i'm happy.  The portion size was decent for two to share.  Last was the grilled seitan, swiss chard, smoked tahini, pickled turnips, za'atar.  Oh how i wish i can cook seitan like this at home.  Texture was amazing as well as the flavors.  The pickled turnip was a nice contrasting flavor to the dish. 

It was nice that they staggered our order.  We did not feel rushed at all; being we were at the bar.  I just wished we could've indulged a little bit more that night.  This place is on my top for vegetarian restos.  Oh and they have happy hour.  Until next time...
I wish I loved or even liked Vedge. For me, as a vegetarian, it's so much fun to order absolutely anything on the menu without studying the details to be sure that there is no meat involved.

The portions are so small, it became amusing to see how tiny they dared to go as the dishes were presented.  It was hard to appreciate or discuss the nuances of the flavors because the food would be gone in two or three bites.  ("I think that was the sunchoke puree, it was pretty good, try it, oh wait, sorry it's all gone.") The prices are outrageous, there is absolutely no reason why they cannot provide two carrots instead of one in a $14.00 plate.  

Also, we had a three tablespoon "bowl" of soup and the waitress mindlessly cleared away half of it as we were eating. Cocktails were so good though.
I love to cook and eat primarily plant-based. While I've elevated my food game and created some tasty dishes, nothing compares to the genius creations at Vedge. 
The first sign of culinary genius on a vegan menu is when there are limited "commercial vegan" ingredients. Vedge doesn't load up the menu with vegan breads, pastas or meat substitutes. Instead, they artfully create wholesome, filling and delicious dishes using plants. PLANTS!!! 
We started with the stuffed avocado with pickled cauliflower - presentation was beautiful and it was the perfect app portion.
Next up, the shaved brussels with shiitake mushrooms. The shrooms tasted exactly like crispy bacon, a delightful addition to the ranch style sauce and slightly sauteed sprouts.
We finished the meal with more mushroom, a roasted shiitake with a celery fritter. I only wish this was double the size because it was SO yummy! The mushroom consistency was perfect and the flavor paired nicely with the celery. 
Drinks: gin match cocktail and the kind of a big dill. I enjoyed the gin, my date unfortunately did not enjoy the dill because of the strong tasting lemon oil. He loves dill and was hoping for a huge dill punch. We also split a glass of cabernet. No complaints. We sat at the bar and experienced excellent service and insight from the bartender. 
Ps, my date is not plant-based and he loved this experience! It's for everyone!
Yes, the food is mouthwatering. Yes, the decor is drop-dead gorgeous. Yes, the service is excellent. But would it kill them to make the portions like, 20 percent larger? Particularly considering that the "raw ingredients" they are using are not all that pricey. For example, we one of the dishes we ordered was the brussel sprouts. If it consisted of five sprouts, that would be a lot. And don't even get me started on the way they jack up the wine and cocktail prices. Like my husband says, "Good to place to go for a drink at the bar, have a couple of plates as an appetizer, and then go out for a burger."
I can't for the life of me understand all the glowing reviews! 

Service is beyond awkward and weird. Menu is too creative which results in overly complex flavours masking all vegetables served. Excellent wine list but god awful cocktails. 

I could go on but I won't. It's simply not that good.
Let me start by saying this was not my first time at Vedge. I been going there since it first opened. The amazing food and quality service have kept me coming back time and time again. However, I will never return after my most recent experience (no matter how delicious and inventive the food is).

I've been a server for the past five years of my life, so it's rare that I complain about service in a restaurant, because I absolutely understand that mistakes happen. But there is no excuse for a server that has a horrible attitude right off the bat; especially when a table of 4 typically spends over $300 on dinner at Vedge. At that premium price I expect outstanding service. Instead, our server greeted us by saying "Well I see some of you already have drinks, can I get the rest of you something?" (Yes, I already had a drink because we weren't allowed to be seated until our entire party was there, so my boyfriend and I grabbed a drink at the bar while waiting for my parents-a totally common practice in restaurants). We never heard anything like "Welcome to Vedge, my name is so-and-so." Nothing. If it had been my first time there I would have had no idea how to order.

Now I was put off by this, but I wanted to enjoy the night so I was willing to let it go. The next time he was back at our table all I heard was "Any questions?" We said no. The first thing I ordered was from "The Dirt List," which people typically have as their third course, but I really love the fingerling potatoes, so I wanted them first. The waiter audibly scoffed at me and told me that's not how people do things here (Maybe if you wanted me to order in a particular way you should have given my table some kind of introduction to the menu!). 

Our first course arrived and my dad asked for the wine list to which our waited replied "You mean the bottles?" As if he couldn't believe people like us could afford a bottle of wine. He never came back to ask how the food was. He never came back to ask what bottle we wanted so my dad ordered from the bus boy. I had an empty drink for over 20 minutes in a fine dining restaurant. In fact, he went to every table except ours, refreshing waters, asking if anyone needed another drink, etc. Nothing for us.

The bus boys (who were great, by the way) cleared our plates and set up for the next course and our waiter still had not returned to the table. It did not seem like we would be getting our bottle of wine. At this point my dad went to speak to a manager. The manager was not apologetic and said since he wasn't there he could not be sure what happened, but that he would take over the table service. This was all going on for about a half hour and our waiter still did not come over to the table once. I was so appalled at this point that I said I would rather leave and go somewhere else. 

The owner came out to talk to my dad, and when he said we would like to leave she handed him the bill for what we had eaten so far. Now we're not the type of family to run out on a bill so of course we paid it. However, when you are the owner of a restaurant you absolutely have the authority to take care of the bill yourself, or at least offer a discount. I was honestly shocked that they did none of these things. I know how the service industry works and I can assure you that if a similar situation had occurred anywhere I have worked before the owner and/or managers would not even hear of the customers paying for the bill at this point. Probably because they're hoping the customer will come back, or at least wont post a bad review.

Vedge has amazing food. But so do many other restaurants in Philadelphia. Ultimately, the restaurant business is a customer service industry and repeat business and word of mouth are vital to the success of the restaurant. I am disappointed that one of my previously favorite restaurants has become so snooty, but I have plenty of dining options. I don't need to spend over $300 on dinner only to be served by a pretentious, stuck up hipster that could not care less about my dining experience. Did I mention that this also happened to be my birthday dinner?
Dinner, 5:15, Wednesday, 15 June 2016
Here's what we ate together:

THE VEDGE BAR
A - Fancy Radishes - smoked tamari, avocado, pickled tofu, shishito - 90/100
B - Stuffed Avocado - romesco, pickled cauliflower, "fried rice," black salt - 90/100
Shared: Rutabaga Fondue - today's soft pretzel, yesterday's pickle, charred onion - 100/100

GRILL
A - Eggplant Braciole - smoked eggplant, Italian salsa verde, cured olive - 90/100
B - Grilled Seitan - horseradish, pickled celery, charred kohlrabi slaw - 100/100

THE DIRT LIST
A - Broccoli Rabe - black garlic tahini, pickled turnip - 90/100
B - Fingerling Potatoes - crispy, creamy Worcestershire (we ended up sharing these, they were really very tasty, but not unusual enough or wonderful enough to merit a 100 score) - 90/100

We were really busy this night, and not able to budget the time the restaurant deserved, for a more detailed write-up on our meal.  Also, it was a hot night, and a bumpy cab ride getting there.  But the food was exquisite, and neither of us, both dedicated omnivores, felt in any way deprived by the lack of meat or other animal products as a part of the meal.

Desserts were a chocolate bar and cherry cheesecake, 90 and 90 for both.  Our waitress was very friendly, smiling, and attentive - 100/100.

We also enjoyed a bottle of De Moor Vin de France Caravan Viognier, and shared some Tokaji of 6 puttonyos.  Nice accompaniments to our meal and dessert.

So averaging out the scores, 93/100 - great restaurant, great food, we highly recommend it to you!  The "tab" before tipping was $237.72 and we felt it was well worth the price.
We did it. We tried nearly everything on the Vedge menu. Between vegetables being relatively un-filling and us being a relatively ambitious party, we conquered this meal. I hope Vedge is proud of us, because I'm proud of Vedge. Though if I'm being right-sized about this, Vedge is a far superior entity than I am, so I'll tweak that to say I'm "impressed" rather than proud. Our experience here was fabulous, surpassing our already-sky high expectations. I eat almost exclusively vegan and adore vegetables. Vedge, as the name would suggest, truly has mastery over the beautiful, colorful, delicious magic that grows from the ground. The techniques, the flavors, the creativity--it's all there in every dish. This was a special dining experience made all the more special by the top-notch service. There's a reason for the acclaim, and I can now speak to it.  

After what felt like years of buildup, my family made it t here on Wednesday. It's been one of the top restaurants in Philly for a little while now and the fact that my dietary restrictions cause virtually no problems for me here make it even more exciting. Everything here is vegan. Ron Swanson's nightmare but my most glorious fantasy. The space itself is inviting and warm--it feels like it used to be someone's very welcoming and elegant home. 

If it wasn't enough to have a superb food menu, the cocktail menu at Vedge is top-notch too. Between me, my dad and my bf, I got to try three drinks, all of which were yummy. I went with the Apple Catcher (rye, apple cider, ACV, black pepper), which was warming and delicious. Loved the kick from the ACV and pepper. My dad's Black Hole Sun (scotch, burnt miso, maria al monte, charcoal), was decadent but definitely more of a sipper and/or something you just get one of. Rich, thick, complex and original. The Elder Sage (gin, elderflower, lemon, smacked sage) was the least interesting of the bunch but still refreshing and very well-balanced. Fantastic all-around. 

Food-wise, Vedge is pretty much all shared plates. There are three categories to choose from: The "Vedge Bar" (think bar bites), the Dirt List (apps featuring seasonal ingredients) and the Grill (heartier plates that are more long-standing). You're encourage to pick one of three as your full meal. As a party of five, we got 15 dishes, nearly trying everything on the menu. The ones I'll list below are only the ones I personally tried. Overall, the food here is sublime. Vedge showcases vegetables in all of their glory, helping even carnivores the temporary forget their typical preferences. The dishes are not only executed perfectly but they're creative, interesting and varied. A masterpiece of a night. Our eats, below: 

Fancy Radishes w/ smoked tamari, yuzu avocado, pickled tofu, shishito: A+
Served sushi style, four different ways. The smoked tamari and yuzu avocado were my favorites. Creative, beautiful and tasty.

Portobello Carpaccio w/ deviled turnip, caper puree, nigella grissini: A+
Masterful job with this preparation. For me, just as satisfying as beef carpaccio though obviously quite different. Incredible flavors, again magically creative.

Stuffed Avocado w/ romesco, pickled cauliflower, "fried rice," black salt: A
Healthiest stuffed avo I've had for sure. The cauliflower made it feel particularly light. 

Rutabaga Fondue w/ soft pretzel, pickle, charred onion: A+
The fact that this was vegan was mind-blowing to all of us. I'm gluten-free so could only eat the veggies, but the fondue itself was unreal. Truly, it did not seem real. 

Brussels Sprouts, char grilled w/ baby shittake, brussels kimchee: A+
Fun preparation, loved it with the kimchee. Rich and super flavorful.

Pea Leaves, flash seared w/ smoked onion dashi, baked tofu, furikake: A
Light, simple and elegant. Great flavors, not overpowering.

Nebrodini Mushrooms as "fazzoletti", tomato, basil: A+
Vedge can transform mushrooms in a way I've never seen before. The carpaccio was incredible and now we've got pasta-style? 

Smoked Potato "kedgeree" w/ curry rice, tofu vindaloo: A+
Newer flavors added to the mix here. Interesting preparation, great flavors, very graceful. 

Wood-Roasted Carrot w/ pumpernickel, garbanzos, carrot mustard, carrot kraut: A++
One of the signature dish's here, and for good reason. The garbanzos and carrot mustard were divine and the carrot was likely the best carrot I've ever had.

Ssamjang-Glazed Tofu w/ edamame puree, burnt miso, cucumber, sea beans, toasted nori: A
Showcasing mastery over styles here, another perfectly-executed dish. Miso/edamame were delicious and sophisticated accompaniments.

Grilled Chioggia Beet w/ porcini steak sauce, black lentils, kohlrabi, truffle: A+
Rich, warming and hearty, perfectly seasoned and fall-centric. A group fav.

Seared Maitake Mushroom w/ celery root fritter, smoked leek remoulade: A+
Each component, though separated, worked to create an earthy, cohesive whole. Ending on root veggies made for satisfying, on-season finale.
I've been back to Vedge a few times, and I'm going to upgrade it from 4 to 5 Stars (I'm sure Rich is very excited to hear this!).  If I could eat there every day, I'd give up meat, which is about the highest praise an avowed carnivore can give to a vegan restaurant.

One of the most remarkable restaurants in Philly.

For my previous review, click below...
We come from out of town to visit a couple times a year. We eat at Ledge at least once each visit. The service is great, the food is great, and prices are not obnoxious. I have celiac and the staff is able to quickly suggest what is ok for me to consume. I really appreciate that.
Decor: housed within a traditional Victorian Philadelphia row home that's been modernized with a long, sleek Carrara white marble bar top.

Service: Spot on. Attentive, but not in your face, polite, friendly, and anticipatory: one of our party dropped her fork and within seconds our server was at her elbow with a plate of new cutlery asking what item she needed a replacement for.

Drinks: Inventive, well-mixed drinks (even non-alcoholic drinks that sip like a regular cocktail), terrific sangria, a vast wine selection, and delicious post-dinner port.

Food: High notes from start to finish, Vedge inspired us all to try cooking similar dishes at home!

Each and every "for the table" option was perfect. Forget fried cauliflower: Curry Pickled Cauliflower is where it's at (and healthier?)--even a cauliflower hater enjoyed it! An avid pickle-lover and a take-it-or-leave-it zucchini eater, I adored the Zucchini "Verde Caliente" Pickles: ziiing! The U-Peel Lupini Beans had such amazing flavor and the Chile Roasted Almonds's heat built slowly and pleasantly.

The Vedge Bar brought more goodies with the Salt Roasted Gold Beets, which was built like a napoleon. The capers really made the dish cohesive. As one who wishes she liked carrots, but really doesn't, the Smoked Carrots were surprisingly tasty: caramelized and rich in flavor and texture.

The Hot Plate winners were The Spicy Grilled Tofu and the Grilled Seitan--my first time eating seitan. Tasted a bit like chicken?

The Dirt List's stars were the Brussels Sprouts--mustard seeds!--and the Fingerling Fries with its vegenaise.

Dessert's Chocolate Uber Chunk: think Marcie Turney's salted caramel budino in a smaller package with a pretzel-peanut crust. So scrummy!
Pros: Didn't realize it was vegan (vs. vegetarian) until we finished which is a testament to how much we enjoyed the faux dairy in some dishes. Highlights were the broccoli & kimchi, beet causa, kyoto sour cocktails, and peanut butter dessert.  These items were all delicious. 

Cons: Unimpressed with all entrees. Staff was inattentive and snobby. Snobby to the point where I felt uncomfortable.
I am very torn about this review.  Here's why:

The food was absolutely delicious.  I am a vegan and was very impressed by the creativity behind the combinations.  What I am NOT impressed with is the trickery by which they lure you into spending way too money.  

I had looked at the menu before going there and was under the assumption that "plates" meant a meal because they differentiate between "small plates"  and "plates".   How much can vegetable dinners cost?  The plates ranged from 8-16 which is great, but after we (myself and 2 guests) ordered a round of drinks and the "full plate" for an appetizer consisting of a couple ramekins of olives and soybeans for $11 our server told us that one needs to order at least 3 of the "plates" for a meal.  That would average around $40 per person.  

Now, I am torn because while the food was intricately prepared and consisted of fresh ingredients, I am aware that the cost to make each meal was probably in the spare change range.  $8 for about 3 "shaved" brussell spouts is not a good deal.

My boyfriend had the smoked tofu which was exactly 1 1/2" x 3 1/2" for $14.  Just sayin'.

I would go again, but I would probably try the happy hour or eat something beforehand as to not spend another $150 to leave hungry.  I don't need an endless buffet or heaping portion, but c'mon.  It's a recession.  Can I at least have 4 bites for a $14 "Plate"?

Oh, and the service was ok. A bit too in your face for me really.  I worked in the biz for 15 years and I can tell they are going for the fine dining crowd, but I think this place would work better if it was tamed down a bit.  It's like you're constantly being watched.  when the service is too much.
Finally! After six long years of waiting, I made it to Vedge. On a last-minute trip to Philly, we managed to get a table for two (a very luck break, since they were packed).

Whether or not you're vegan, Vedge is a must. The creativity and care that goes into each dish is evident, from the service to the plating, the flavor and freshness. 

I tried the rutabaga fondue, smoked potato, ssamjang glazed tofu, eggplant braciole, and chocolate uber chunk. Everything was delicious, and if you ever visited Horizons on South Street, Vedge delivers a new take on some of the classic Horizons staples. 

The rutabaga fondue was hands-down the most creative and spot-on dish I've ever tried. I wish I could eat that every day!

Whenever I'm in Philly, I'll definitely be going back.
I have seen people questioning to try a vegetarian restaurant by wondering if the food is going to taste good and if it would fill you up. If you're going to try venture out of your comfort zone for the first time, this is the place to try. It has the presentation and flavors that you will be used to and you won't even miss the meat.

The bread prior to the meal was nice and fresh. The seasoning in the oil was earthy and fresh. It was a delightful change from the salty dipping oil at other places.

The server recommended the brussels sprouts, saying at it is one of their more popular dishes and phenomenal ones. I couldn't agree more and see why it's so popular. It is truly delicious. The sprouts are cut thing, surprisingly. I thought they were going to be whole or cut in half, but not each piece thin slice. It's topped with a smoked mustard sauce that has a strong flavor that cuts through the typical sprouts flavor and sometime bitterness of it. I licked the plate clean.

Here's an example of how creative they are with their food, while delivering excellent and familiar flavor. The salted roasted beets, avocado, smoked tofu, rye, capers, creamy cucumber dish is one that should be a must to try if you haven't already. It's a play on bagels, lox, and cream cheese (BLC). Coming from a person who has had many many BLC's, this was a playful, creative, and tasty attempt for a vegetarian restaurant. When you take a whole bite, it has the familiar flavors of the BLC, heartiness from the bagel, saltiness from the capers and fish, and sliminess from the fish. The rye replaces your bagel, the smoked tofu convinces you of the smokiness from the fish, avocado and beets, have the sliminess for the fish, capers were perfect for the saltiness, and creamy cucumber for the cream cheese. What's really interesting is that if you deconstruct the dish and eat the pieces individually, it will not remind you of the BLC and you will think it is a completely different dish. I left nothing of this dish either.

Now it was time to try the Sweet Potato Pate served with mustard seed, jerk cashews with brown bread. Their playful attempt to mislead you into eating a vegetarian dish, while convincing you it's a typical meat pate. Well, they almost pull it off, which really means they pretty much did it well. The pate has the texture and consistency of any other pate. Between the sweet potato and mustard seed, you'll convince your self that it was meat and never look back. It's slightly on the smaller portion size, but this way, you're not overwhelmed with the flavor, it'll be gone before you know it.

Now for dessert. The Chocolate Pot De Creme. It's served on a nice cold stone plate to keep your dessert from melting. It was deliciously rich, but not overwhelming since I cleared this plate as well. The biscotti's where nice, just a little too hard for my preference, but still done well and flavors were very nice.

This is truly an exceptional restaurant with very talented chefs.  It's worth trying, one, two, maybe three, or four times.
I can't understand the good reviews. This was the most pretentious, self-important, hipster nonsense I've ever seen. The staff was very friendly, but the menu was indecipherable. Not even the waitstaff could make sense of it. They said that it was a "new" menu as an explanation. But come on..! A menu shouldn't be so cryptic that the waitstaff is scratching their heads. I ended up paying $15 for a roasted carrot. Not that it was called a roasted carrot on the menu. And I did not leave there thinking, "Gee, that was an outstanding roasted carrot!" I immediately walked around the corner and had a slice of pizza from a dirty take out counter. I will not be returning to Vedge.
More like a 3.75.  I cannot justify a 4. 

The mr and I went with 2 other couples on a Tuesday night.  I arrived early and enjoyed a beer at the bar. The bar area is absolutely gorgeous and the bar staff was very nice. The beer selection, while limited, was quite nice and had a sample of styles to appeal to many palates.  Don't ask this beer geek about wine or liquor, but I know those lists were longer and if the wine is in bold on the list, Vedge serves it by the glass.  Oh, and they have fancy bottled water. The reason I know this is that our friend asked for a glass of water and the bartender presumptuously poured a bottle of sparkling stuff.  

All of our group arrived and we were seated promptly.  The restaurant's decor is simple, with limited soft furnishings--which lends itself to a louder-than-expected dining room.  And, when you don't want to be "that group" yelling in the center of the dining room, be prepared to lean in frequently to hear your dining partners.  

The mr and I ordered from the dirt list and the regular menu.  We selected the following:
Small plates
Brussels Sprouts (from the dirt list): shaved and grilled with smoked mustard $7
Crispy Cauliflower: kimchee crema, black vinegar $5
Plates
Portobello carpaccio: salsa rustica, arugula crema, olive oil, crostini $9
Gold beets: smoked tofu, avocado, capers, cucumber dill sauce, pumpernickel $10
Grilled gochujang tofu: smoked miso dashi, edamame puree, yuba cracklin $13

When we placed our order, we thought our server asked if she could bring bread to the table as needed. We said yes. BUT, because of the background noise, we all misunderstood. 

It seems that she asked if she could bring out the plates as they were prepared. 

So, we received the Portobello and Gold Beets first, then were served the Grilled Tofu and the small plates as our entrees.  This timing of the service was slightly disappointing, but did not take away from the flavor and excellent preparation of the dishes.  They really were great. I was slightly disappointed in the sprouts--indeed a very small dish, not warranting a $7 price tag.  

Our highlights were the gold beets and the grilled tofu.  Vedge knocked it out of the park on those two dishes. 

All of our friends were quite pleased with their dishes, too. 

Of course, we were going to order dessert--gotta get the whole experience when visiting Vedge. I ordered the choco taco $9 and the mr got the sticky toffee pudding $8. Either their pastry chef had an off night or I suddenly lost my chocolate taste buds.  I found my dessert to be underwhelming, missing any flavor of chocolate and overwhelming flavor of pineapple.  Not to be a complete downer, the taco shell was quite crispy and delicious.  However, the mr thoroughly enjoyed his sticky toffee pudding (as did I when I tasted it).  

Having read the reviews on here, we knew not to expect a "cheap date" night, so we planned accordingly and brought the big bucks with us.  Bill came, we divided accordingly among our friends.  After looking at the bill closely, we saw that the server automatically added a 20% tip. NOWHERE on the menu does it mention that gratuity is automatically added with a party of 6 or more.  I even double-checked. Not mentioned. 

So, in whole, our experience consisted of 2 small plates, 3 plates, 2 desserts ($61); 2 beers each for the mr and me ($28); and with tax and tip, we got out of there for $108.
I am a DIE HARD omnivore! I see no reason to go out of my way to seek a spot that doesn't serve meat and if you are talking vegan I'm a HARD NO!!  So for years I've wondered why I couldn't get reservations to Vedge. I just couldn't imagine what the hype was about, but it became a personal quest to get reservations one day while visiting Philly. 

Then came COVID... I was with my Uber-picky, seven-year-old god-daughter and her vegetarian father and they had outdoor seating available for four. So we were finally gonna check out Vedge!

Y'all I am reformed!!! This was the most amazing meal I've had in a LONG time and that's saying a LOT!! They have an abbreviated menu with only 4 appetizers and 4 entrees available, so we ordered one of everything to share amongst the table. My God-daughter tried and loved almost everything!!

If I had to rank the courses it would go something like this:
#1. Rutabaga Fondue - I am a cheese lover and I didn't even miss the cheese! And that pretzel roll.... Good lawdy!!! 

#2 Chocolate cookie and key lime ice cream. Both were to die for!!! Still with no dairy!!!

#3 Dirt List Salad

#4 Avocado stuffed with deviled hearts of palm, heirloom tomatoes, green gazpacho vinaigrette and black salt - the stuffing was very dill forward but still yummy

#5 Smoked Portobello Carpaccio with caper vinaigrette and  nicoise potato salad -this was delish!!

#6 Charred Broccoli with spicy sesame noodles, smoky trumpet mushrooms and shaved cucumber salad. *contains gluten and sesame - loved this one too!! Perfect 

#7 Gochujang Glazed Tofu with edamame cream, nori and charred corn salad - tofu wasn't very firm but had a great char

#8 Bourbon Poached Peaches over decadent chocolate  was very rich and delicious!!

#9 Gold Bar Squash with chermoula, warm red lentils and a tomato olive salad - very Mediterranean

#10 Maitake Mushroom with smoked Chile glaze, black bean corn masa, whipped avocado and vegetable escabeche - my least favorite of the night

This place is DEFINITELY worth the visit!!
no, but seriously. i think i could live off their crispy cauliflower / spice with a kick. it's that f'ing amazing.

happy hour goes til 7pm now (M-F): discounted apps, beer, wine and cocktails. option to sit at the bar or in their swanky cocktail lounge tucked away in the corner. 

and don't leave without trying at least one of their desserts. they are PERFECT in every sense of the word. basically, i'm obsessed.

vegans, vegetarians and meat-eaters alike, you gotta check this place out.
I am a carnivore. Plain and simple. I love all things meat- burgers, cheesesteaks, pork chops, prime rib, steaks, lamb chops... and the list goes on and on. 

I am down to try anything- even if that means going vegan for one meal. We went for Happy Hour and they allowed us to sit at a high top table in the bar area- all of the seats were full and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to have my Vedge cherry popped.

Our bartender/waiter was fantastic- the friendliest person, which set the mood off right. We ordered their punch cocktail which was one of the best happy hour cocktails I've ever had. Not too sweet, not too sour, it was just right.

We ordered the special toast which came with a ramp hummus and loaded veggies on top. We also ordered the Maitake Wit- their take on a cheesesteak. Oh. My. God. I'm just going to say it, even though I don't want to- it was BETTER than a regular cheesesteak. Sorry Steve's- Vedge kicks your ass. We also ordered the Korean Seitan Taco, the Fried Kimchee Potato Salad, and the Brussels off of The Dirt List. 

I cannot wait to trick my mom into taking me here for a full meal- I am not telling her it's vegan until we get there and it is too late to back out. heh heh heh.
I went to Vedge with a close friend of mine just to try the desserts (since we were both limited by our college student budgets but still wanted to try the wonderful delicacies of Vedge). We wound up trying the Lemon Cheesecake with a Passion Fruit Sorbet and the famous Chocolate Uber Chunk. Both were amazing!!

Everything was vegan but it wasn't lacking in indulgence at all. The cheesecake tasted decadent and delicious - creamy though there was no milk and infused with just the right amount of lemony flavor. The passion fruit sorbet was wonderful as well - not too sweet like some other sorbets are, and the flavor was on point. 

The chocolate uber chunk was super decadent with chocolate and peanut butter flavors. The custard and crust inside the mason jar had a delightful variety of textures, but it was too rich and sweet for my taste. A few bites was enough for me to satisfy my chocolate craving. My all time favorite piece of the night was the stout ice cream that came with the chocolate uber chunk. It tasted just like stout in the form of ice cream, and I could not have enough of it!

All in all, the desserts were all very enjoyable and decadent, though my primary complaint comes with the price. We spent over $20 for two people just for dessert - pretty pricey, so definitely not for everyday meals, but wonderful for once in a while indulgences!
Last night I sat in my seat for what felt like 30 minutes as I slowly bit into the Vedge grilled tofu one small bite at a time (The tofu is served with gochujang, edamame puree, smoked miso, and yuba cracklin.) What I loved most about this bigger plate was that I could take enough bites to realize how truly complex the flavors were. Before that I was in foodgasm land ala the salt-roasted golden beats with avocado, smoked tofu, capers, creamy cucumber, and seedy rye. All I could think was, how did they know this would all taste good together? What magical enzymes are operating in their brains? 

It's funny that I write this, as years ago I was a carnivore using Yelp to write a subpar review of Chefs Richard Landau & Kate Jacoby's former institution, Horizons. My review for that restaurant was thoughtless. Simply put, I had a tempeh dish for dinner and it wasn't as good as the seitan dish my friend ordered and I was annoyed. I had also never been to a vegan restaurant before and didn't really know what to expect. 

Chef Landau wrote me in response to this review, pointing out that I had no idea how much energy it takes to create a restaurant like this and how painful it was for him to have his restaurant knocked down by someone who didn't really know what she was talking about. I felt bad because I knew that he was right in many ways. As we know, Yelp has a lot of impact and many of us don't realize how much we're affecting the restaurants we review. Many of us simply do not understand how restaurants work, let alone how hard it is to get one started, especially one featuring a non-traditional cuisine (vegan food was very rare back then). 

And that's why I'm happy to report that yes, I have been schooled and happy for it. Now I'm a huge proponent of Chef Landau and Jacoby's cooking. I even bought the Vedge cookbook and regularly cook from it. The dishes are amazing and difficult to screw up. And nope, I'm not a carnivore anymore either.
so little food for so much money, very salty 
and over spiced. I hate small plates. even dessert was micro in size, Please.
Parakeet sized portion's that are so embarrassingly small that my 85-year-old grandmother asked to go out for "some real food," immediately after finishing dinner here. $150 for 4 appetizers, 4 "entrées," one side dish, and one drink. Tasty but only an anorexic toddler with a play tea set could find these portions sufficient.
Vedge has been on my radar for awhile, especially since I've heard such great things about it! However, I have to say that upon my visit, I was quite disappointed with the food. The service was great, and all the waiters/waitresses were very hospitable. The environment is perfect for a date because it's dimly lit, tables aren't put too close together, food is served beautifully. However, compared to other vegan restaurants I've been to, the food was uneventful. Portions were small for the price, and I didn't feel like the dishes were very creative. If you're the type of person to simply enjoy the taste of your brussel sprouts and whatnot, by all means, check this place out. But if you want some sort of magical transformation to your brussel sprout and to be wow'd, I'm not sure Vedge is the place. Of all the dishes I had, the eggplant was my favorite! Pretzel was definitely more of a miss.
My dad was stopping by for dinner in the city on his way to New Jersey, and this was the first restaurant that came to mind when trying to choose a restaurant to take him.

I wanted something that would be memorable and fresh, with lots of vegetarian options (we both are vegetarians). Vedge was the perfect pick.

The restaurant markets itself as "the vegetable restaurant," and that is what it is. The menu features a selection of innovative creations-- unique flavor combinations, ingredients I couldn't pronounce (which adds to the appeal in a weird way), and best of all-- everything vegan and vegetarian.

The decor was absolutely beautiful. Cozy, dim-lit with candles. The meal was off to a great start with warm bread and oil served for our table. It was one of the best pre-meal bread dishes I've tasted, and I've had my fair share. The bread was just warm enough and just soft enough, with a crust that was absolutely divine. We, of course, requested more bread before our first appetizer came.

We opted for the following dishes: 

SALT-ROASTED GOLDEN BEETS: avocado, smoked tofu, capers, creamy cucumber, seedy rye

SPICY GRILLED TOFU: gochujang, edamame puree, smoked miso, yuba cracklin

FRESH HEARTS OF PALM: buckwheat crepe, tandoor tomatoes cauliflower curry

Cheesecake: carrot cake ice cream, waldorf salad celery gel & walnut dirt

My favorite was definitely the tofu and cheesecake. The hearts of palm dish and golden beets dish were also extremely good, but just not as mind-blowing as the tofu and cheesecake. I loved the beets dish because where else would you find that combination of flavors? It was wonderfully unique. The creamy cucumber sauce was wonderful to dip the bread in as well.

The texture of the tofu was perfect, and the sauce was tangy and spicy simulataneously. A bite of tofu with some edamame spread, and the exposion of flavor was great.

The buckwheat crepe was presented beautifully-- everything looked beautiful, actually. The sauce was very indian-esque, which my dad liked. It was hard to distinguish the flavors in this dish, but that made it more exciting.

The cheesecake. Wow. Maybe some of the best cheesecake I've had. The blend of the texutres (cold ice cream with creamy cheesecake) was literally like heaven. The celery gel added a nice twist to the flavors, and the crushed walnuts and sliced apples atop the cheesecake were also sweet.

Overall, it is definitely pricey but we knew that going into the restaurant. The portion sizes are extremely small but you also expect that when going to a restaurant like Vedge.

Will definitely be coming back with more vegetarian friends in the future!
Wow, an all around truly spectacular restaurant that even non-vegans would love! My friend and I made reservations one month in advance but I also happened to run into a friend that was able to walk-in for a seat at the bar, so if you're lucky, you may be able to snag a seat without reservations even on a busy Friday evening. This was a much anticipated meal as V-Street, Chef Rich Landau and Kate Jacoby's other street food restaurant in Center City is one of my other favorite places to eat! 

I was blown away by the creativity and uniqueness of the entire menu. For drinks, I got the Yum Yum Affair cocktail (apple brandy, fig, grapefruit) which was excellent, very flavorful and strong. 

The food started off with a complimentary sample of a cauliflower mustard soup, which was so creamy and smooth. My friend and I shared 6 dishes, two each from the "Vedge Bar", "Dirt List", and "The Grill" which was the recommended amount. This was great because we got to try a large variety of plates, and the portion sizes were perfect. 

From the "Vedge Bar", we got the Rutabaga fondue and the stuffed avocado. The rutabaga fondue was SO good; it truly felt like I was having cheese fondue! The consistency was perfect and the pretzel bread was really good as well. The stuffed avocado was delicious as well though the flavors/combination seemed less unique. 

From the "Dirt List", we got the romanesco "carbonara" and the shaved brussel sprouts. The romanesco "carbonara" was exquisite and a must-try for pasta lovers. 

Lastly from "The Grill" we got the beets and the seared maitake mushroom, both extremely well done but as a mushroom lover, the maitake was my favorite; the texture and flavor of the mushroom were superb. 

We ended with the Butterscotch panna cotta for dessert, which was extremely creative and finely crafted. The panna cotta was topped with chocolate, pomegranate seeds, hazelnut, and roasted butternut squash. As someone that has a sweet tooth, the roasted butternut felt a little off as I was expecting pure sweetness. It was delicious but I would probably try something else the next time around!
They will charge you $15 for half carrot...
It was not gourmet and the atmosphere was subpar so I am confused on why the got the idea that they could serve a common vegetable for as much as $15. 
Maybe it was all those wheat grass shots that got to their head...
Amazing meal! The creativity put into every entree was unique and very tasty. Excellent service and a very quaint setting. It was pricey. This place deserves 5 stars. But I took off a star since my clothes smelled awful afterwards. I felt like my coat was dipped in a deep fryer. Right when you walk in the place, you will smell that deep fryer smell. 

Other than that, I would go there again. 

Favorite dishes: Rutabaga fondue, spicy grilled tofu (a must), Brussel sprouts, and sticky toffee pudding. Actually, everything on the dessert menu was delicious.
I eat a lot of vegetarian food and Vedge is up there with the best I have tasted. The chefs bring together creativity and technique to demonstrate just how good vegetarian (vegan, in fact!) food can be.

Our picks of the night were the portobello carpaccio and the mixed radish dish. The 'carpaccio' consisted of thinly sliced smoked and seasoned mushroom, fanned onto a board with dots of horseradish cream. This was complemented with some sweet cooked red cabbage and tiny cornichons. The allusion to a savoury meat plate was clear but the dish was great in its own right - the texture of the mushrooms was perfect and moreish, without being overpowered by the smoke flavour. 

The radish dish was a spread of different radish varieties, many of which I had never heard of before (although really I am no radish expert...). These were cooked in assorted ways - grilled, roasted, pickled, raw - to bring out the unique flavour of each one. They were served with nori, japanese pepper and tamari. 

The other dishes we tried were the eggplant braciole, spicy grilled tofu and hearts of palm. The tofu stood out from the others for its presentation and delicate flavours. We also had a side of fingerling fries, coated in some sort of umami-laden gravy which I am sure was bad for me but tasted really, really good.

As if the food wasn't enough the surrounds were so pretty and cosy (loved the stained glass windows!), service was good and there were lots of interesting beers to try. Wines looked good too.

One word of advice - the server recommended we each order 3 'plates' - I hadn't appreciated from the website that this was how it works so the meal turned out to be a bit more expensive than anticipated! But we were there for a special occasion, and for what we ended up getting the prices were actually very fair.
Nope.  Nadda.  This place just doesn't do it for me or my mostly vegetarian girlfriend.  

I was trying to impress her because I'm a meat eater.  More than being a meat eater, I love good food, so if you can make good vegan food, then by all means, I'll eat it!  However, that's not what I experienced at Vedge.  I experienced incredibly over-priced food for small portions and weird flavors.  The shoshito peppers and the grilled seitan were definitely standouts, but everything else was meh.  I don't know if we got the wrong things, but besides those two items, I was thoroughly unimpressed.  

The drinks were decent, but the service, while good, was borderline snobby.  Just because I'm not vegan doesn't mean you should look at me like I'm crazy when I ask about what certain things are or how dishes are prepared.  If I were vegetarian, I might go back just to try it again, but I'm not, and I probably won't.
I LOVE meat.  I LOVE bacon.  I can't live without Sushi.  All that being said, Vedge is one of the top 3 restaurants in the city...PERIOD.  I've been to Vedge 4 times now.  Every singe time I walk out satisfied and thoroughly impressed.  I'm not sure I've had anything less than excellent.  

PS  The "cheese"cake is F-ing ridiculous!
Ambiance is good, service is excellent. Food is ok. Quantity is ridiculously small. :(
We were seated promptly, the staff was courteous, and the food was delicious. I got the rutabaga fondue, side of squash, eggplant braicole, and sticky toffee pudding (unconventional, but delicious). The starter, a sort of vegetable soup served in a shotglass, was amazing. A bit pricey, but there was parking nearby! Overall, a win for veggie lovers everywhere.
