I was told by fellow Yelper Sandra B. that this was a must-try, so I finally got the chance to go with some friends. Yeah, it's dang good. This took a bit of time to get a reservation on a Saturday night, as we were able to catch something last minute when a reservation opened day of. Hooray. 

There are two levels to the restaurant, and we were seated in the back of the restaurant, next to the open kitchen, in a cozier room. I always like the open kitchen concept, and I'm glad it's becoming somewhat of a trend across restaurants in America.

What we ordered:
- Beef tartare toast: The beef tartare was a massive portion, and really filling and rich, which I really enjoyed.
- Pumpkin toast with brown butter: This was just sweet enough to complement the seeds and the scallion(?) on top, and just savory enough to be a filling appetizer.
- Uni with scrambled eggs and yogurt: Just to be adventurous, we gave this a try. The sourness of the yogurt really came through, and the richness of the uni and eggs really mixed well together.
- Octopus with blood orange and citrus:The octopus portion was sort of small, but went well with all the citrus notes, and was cooked perfectly.
- Duck ragout pappardelle: Also a small portion, but the ragout was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of saltiness and tenderness. The pasta was fresh (obviously), which gave the dish a really great chew. 
- Short rib with kimchi vinaigrette and pear: The short rib is unbelievably delicious. The hint of star anise and the tenderness of the meat just really makes the dish great. Best dish of the meal in my opinion.
- Wagyu beef brisket and fall vegetables: Not quite as unique as the short rib, but delicious nonetheless.

Service throughout the meal was excellent, and it helped that we were next to the open kitchen and got to see our food come out right away. The prices were easily on the expensive side, and the portions are a little on the small side, but the execution and flavors are perfect.

Really glad I got the chance to try this, and it's become one of the reasons that I really believe in the Philadelphia food scene. Not that I didn't believe in it before, but everyone kept telling me that the scene was up and coming, but I know think that it's actually arrived. Regardless, overall, Vernick was an absolutely great experience, and I can't wait to try again.
My sister and I popped into Vernick last Sunday eve for a quick drink and some "toast." Everyone talks about the amazing smoky toast starters (she chose mushroom and mancheggo cheese) which are divine! But I want to tell you about the quick turn around/very no nonsense service we requested and received. The place was packed but we managed to find a spot  in the back against the wall. Dear sister ordered a skinny margarita up with salt and loved it. I stuck with the water (school night). It came quickly as ordered and the mushroom toast arrived soon after and we both enjoyed it as well as the complimentary amuse bouche of strawberry gazpacho shots accompanied by mini cornbread Madeleines. 

She spent $26 for the generous portion of mushroom toast and perfectly mixed drink - so it's not for the frugal. However my sister  left refreshed and satisfied and I enjoyed the experience too. We had an extra five minutes to spare and found a taxi right outside and she managed  to catch her Amtrak train to NYC right on time. So if you want a lovely, laid back meal with smooth service or a quick turn around in 29 minutes or less Vernick can indeed accommodate you even on a busy Sunday eve.
I went with my husband for our anniversary. I've heard and read such wonderful things about Vernick. And it delivered on all accounts. Service was impeccable from the hosts to our servers. I loved the team feel. While you had one main server they all worked together to enhance the experience. 

We were seated upstairs and due to the unseasonable warm evening the windows were opened and we had a wonderful table overlooking to open windows. I had noted on the reservation we were celebrating our anniversary. They brought us out some complimentary cava. It was a great way to start the meal.

We ordered the sea urchin, fromage blanc & pickled cherries, potato pave, pastrami, and for dessert we ordered chocolate birch panna cotta. 

I would never have ordered the sea urchin without reading yelp. I'm so glad I did. I've never tasted anything like it, and while it wasn't the most delicious thing I've ever had, I appreciated the flavor and uniqueness of the dish. Everything else was stellar. What I loved most, was after we placed our order I mentioned to the server we were light eaters and asked if we had ordered enough or too little. I had originally ordered a salad as well. He recommended cutting the salad out and he would check with us throughout the meal as it's something that would come out quickly if we were still hungry. I really wanted dessert, so I was so happy he made that suggestion. 

It was the perfect amount of food for us. For others I can see it being on the lighter side. But with the dessert, I was satisfied without feeling stuffed. It was a great experience overall. I highly suggest a visit for those with an adventurous pallete.
Vernick hadn't been on our radar until our friends couldn't honor their Saturday night reservation and they passed it along to Sexy and me. Well, thank you, folks!

It was a craptastic weather evening but it was warm and cozy inside. We enjoyed having a drink by the lively bar prior to being led upstairs for our reservation. We loved that our server knew the menu inside and out, and we especially loved that he reeled us in when we were about to order too much food. His recommendations were on-point and we left without having to be rolled out the door. We decided to really indulge and add some fresh truffles to the tagliatelle dish, which was one of the specials of the evening. The rich truffle flavor rounded out the already delicious dish. From toasts to small plates to large plates, everything was fab. The apple tart was a little crispy for our liking, but we still ate every last morsel of it.

The waitstaff here is especially friendly. Everyone was wearing smiles, even into the wee hours of the night (our reservation was at 9:30 PM). I also love places where you have your own bathroom, sink and all. Cripes, that sounds so diva-esque, but small bathroom stalls are for the birds! 

Reservations appear to be a challenge to come by. If you don't feel like waiting for one, then head there early for a bar sear and order up some tasty dishes!
Seasonal food cooked to perfection combined with flawless, crisp, attentive, friendly service, combine to make this a truly five star dining experience.  
         We were quickly seated our coats were taken and we were immediately offered complementary glasses of Champagne as they knew it was our Anniversary. Our server Jennifer was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and how the food was prepared. She noted the specials for us and then we were presented with an Amuse Bouche of Vichyssoise with a tiny Gourgere. Very tasty way to begin our meal.  
        We started off with a selection of toasts, avocado and spicy radish and broccoli and bacon jam. We liked the broccoli best. The toast on the avocado was a little too charred, the only hiccup of the night. I am sure if we said something they would have replaced it but we did not. 
          We each had a small plate, I had the Foie Gras with blood orange frisée salad and my wife had the Chilled lobster salad with potato rosti. Each was beautifully plated. The lobster sweet and perfectly cooked. The potatoes were like a crisp pancake. Fantastic. First time for me with Foie and I enjoyed the sweet and savory combination. 
           Our large plates were the Organic Amish Chicken. By far the best chicken dish we have ever tasted. The chicken was moist and the skin crisp and tasty. The vegetables roasted to perfection. The only lament was that there was no bread to sop up the delicious juice. My spice rubbed Wagyu beef was fork tender and the fat on the meat was creamy like butter, also accompanied by perfectly roasted Brussels sprouts and root vegetables. The sauce was a bit sweet but not unpleasant. I enjoyed a glass of 2015 Domaine des Cassagnoles Colombard crisp and fruit full with my meal. 
        We saved room for dessert and were happy we did enjoying the Milk Chocolate hazelnut pie with cinnamon chile ice cream and a petite brownie a la mode. The pie was chock full of hazelnuts enclosed in a buttery flakey crust topped with that chile ice cream with a bit of heat. The brownie was moist and full of chocolate flavor.  It is small if you want something sweet but do not have s lot of room. 
         I finished the meal with a Little Giuseppe a digestive made with Cynar , punt e mes, lemon and salt. 
          This was a truly satisfying experience made possible by the attentive staff who kept the table clean and reset, our glasses always full, napkins folded when we left the table along with the delicious food. Thanks.
Celebrated a delightful evening at Vernick. After many recommendations, I was able to get a reservation for later 8:30 pm on a Wednesday fairly easily- just a few days beforehand. Pleased with this, we arrived and got seated immediately.

The ambiance is dim, intimate, modern American style- meaning wood tables and such, candles and an upstairs with the bar and a few tables downstairs. 

The service was great, our server did not rush us at all which was lovely...

Most memorable was the Maryland crab toast, charred cauliflower, and the squid ink pasta. The complimentary soup shooter was amazing, strawberry rhubarb flavored. The portions are just enough that you taste the flavors without overdoing it which is perfect. Quality over quantity here.

Expect with drinks to be $70 per person, but well worth it especially if you're celebrating. A great fine dining experience and one of the best meals you can get in Philadelphia!
I came here on New Years Eve with a special person. We arrived with lofty expectations and were blown away by the quality of food and service after it was all said and done. This is a special place. Here's why:

Vernick Food & Drink is modern American cuisine specializing in simple, yet refined cooking. It has a carefully designed trendy décor thanks to a restaurant experiment that has brought the Rittenhouse foodie scene to another level. I loved the architecture, ambiance and laid-back atmosphere. 

We already ate dinner beforehand, so we only ordered several plates. However, the two of us did sample and destroy:

FOOD:

Fromage blanc & Kumquats on toast $7
ABSOLUTELY DELISH. 

Beef tartare, fresh horseradish on toast $12
MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH.

House-made mozzarella, mango, basil & sea salt $12
FRESH AND LIGHT. SIMPLY DELIGHTFUL.

Pecan pie with coffee gelato $10
BLOWS YOUR TASTE BUDS AWAY.

DRINK (Recommend):

Classic cocktail: Martinez $12
OLD TOM GIN, VERMOUTH, MARASCHINA, ORANGE

Current cocktail: CL smooth $12
EL DORADO 3 yr, COCCHI AMERICANO, GRAPEFRUIT & PEAT
 
The short and sweet - everything, food and drinks, was prepared to perfection on this night...no complaints. Service was impeccable (Thanks to Greg Vernick and our server, Heather).

We had a great night and I will definitely go back soon!
Well, one of my girlfriends and I waited 2 months for this reservation and it was worth the wait! I've been anxiously awaiting my first trip to Vernick and boy, did they deliver.

Service: 5 stars. Great recommendations on every section of the menu, and timed all of our courses perfectly.

Food: 5 stars, no doubt! They brought out a small soup shooter to start which was a delicious start to the meal. We opted to split all small plates which left us perfectly full.

We had the pumpkin and brown butter toast which was rich and delicious, perfect for October but tasted more like a dessert! Then we went with the striped jack with avocado and a grilled jalapeño oil- wow, the fish just melted in your mouth and was probably my favorite dish of the evening. From the veggie section, we had the Brussels sprouts and the cauliflower. And from
small plates we went with the grilled romaine, which has been on their menu since day one and is one of the most popular items and the spaghetti squash.

I'd recommend making your reservation now so you can check out the hype a month or so down the road :)
I was the lucky guest of an invitee of Vernick's PR company to come in for dinner earlier this week. Though the upstairs area looks awesome with it's open air dining, we ended up sitting on the ground level in the back room, which was dim and relaxing with lots of wood, brick and gray accents. I felt miles from the heart of center city, when in reality it was right outside. 

We started with the Maryland crab toast, which could have been great, but it was weighed down by a heavy mayo or similar dressing. I would have loved a lighter take with just some lemon and pepper. Fortunately, out of everything we ordered, this was the only disappointment. Our other starters, the grilled carrot salad with olive dressing and the shrimp and avocado salad, were both perfect. Each had just the right amount of varying textures and all ingredients shined. 

My entree was the whole grilled dorade, stuffed with fennel (the veg part, not the seed, for all you like-minded fennel seed haters). It came with some random grilled lettuces and jalapenos, but I was happy to have ordered a side of sauteed greens. The fish itself was fantastic; super flavorful and expertly de-boned, except for one teeny renegade bone. At $38, it's definitely on the pricey side. I'm not sure I'd be so willing to order it again unless my dining partner wanted to share and order a couple sides to go along. It could definitely feed two people with the addition of some sides. My companion had the grilled black sea bass served over broccoli and roasted tomatoes. I really loved this dish - it was like having an Italian-style meal but without all the carbs.

For dessert, we tried the smoked hazelnut and chocolate parfait and the carrot cake. The parfait was great, but the carrot cake was heaven. Super moist and with just the right amount of creamy cream cheese icing, I had to ask our server to take it away so I didn't house the entire thing. A cup of L'Aube roast was the perfect touch. How I miss that café on South Street...

Also worth a look is the cocktail list, which is filled with classics and some new spins. I enjoyed a spicy margarita of sorts, served up in a rocks glass with a kick of cayenne. A green goddess drink featured a refreshing blend of vodka and cucumber. 

There is a lot more on Vernick's menu that I'm anxious to try, and I just loved the space. I might even request to sit in that back room again on a future visit.
Wanna get spoiled?  Make a reservation at Vernick, sit back, relax, and indulge.

Yep, the four of us were *totally* spoiled when we met up at Vernick for a night of food and revelry.  I was completely impressed by the experience, from start to finish.

I was impressed before we even sat at the table.  Two of us were a little early, so we whiled away the time at the bar, sipping glasses of Marcel Giraudon Aligoté.  It was my first time drinking Aligoté, and this particular white wine may be my new favorite.

When our party was all set, we were escorted to a cozy and private table near the back of the restaurant.  Luckily, everyone in the group was eager to taste and share -- which is exactly what we did.  The menu is broken up into toasts, raw items, veggies, and small and large plates, all of which are ideal for tapas-style dining.

Here's a run-down of what we shared:

** Raw oyster amuse bouche with a shot of creamy mushroom soup
** Toast with pumpkin and brown butter
** Toast with sardines and cheese
** Toast with kale and fontina
** Sashimi with chilies and avocado
** Sea urchin with warm scrambled eggs
** Warm ricotta cheese with Swiss chard, pine nuts, and lemon
** Chili-glazed octopus with apples and endive
** Tagliatelle with braised duck and chanterelle mushrooms
** Crispy potatoes with shishito peppers
** Buckwheat pasta with butternut squash, chili, and scallions
** Grilled black sea bass with broccoli and tomato
** Lamb with blistered tomatoes and roasted chilies
** Roasted date cake with orange cardamom toffee sauce and coconut gelato

I don't want this review to be the length of a novel, so I'll avoid going into every course in excruciating detail.  Instead, I'll just share a few general impressions about this spectacular meal:
(1) Chef Vernick does amazing things with seemingly simple items, like toast.
(2) Don't knock sea urchin until you try it with scrambled eggs.
(3) Chef Vernick made the most delicious grilled sea bass I've ever had.
(4) Blistered tomatoes are pretty much heaven on earth.
(5) I could eat date cake everyday and never tire of it.

Service was first-rate.  Our server paced the courses impeccably.  He also kept the glasses of Aligoté flowing at a good clip.  Not surprisingly, the glasses quickly turned into bottles.  (Did I mention I *really* like this wine?)

Even in a city overflowing with world-class cuisine, Vernick stands out.  I can't wait to come back and feel spoiled all over again.
Vernick is one of the best dining experiences I've had in Philly.  The vibe to the restaurant is comfy, rustic especially around the chef's areas.  It's tough to get a table at Vernick yet walk-ins are molto possible; just take your chances like I did.   The dishes served were really scrummy: the scrambled eggs with uni, coddled between a rich layer of yoghurt was a standout.  The partridge was also nicely presented and tasted delicious, augmented  with truffles and onion cream .  Loved the side order Hen of the Woods mushrooms with a butter vinaigrette that killed it.  Next time, I will have this side dish as a main  course and would be perfectly content.   The red snapper sashimi course, supposedly a small plate,  is truly enough for me as a main course as well.  The servings in this restaurant are not huge but definitely geared for larger appetites.  

Service was efficient, friendly and knowledgeable.

Verdict?  Loved it.  Coming back.

Visits:  1

Tip:  If you have no res, and still wanna chance it like I did, get there early as Vernick is super booked.  There are about 8 seats at the bar.   There are also Chef's Table spots that open up.  Best of luck and hope you get in like moi.
15 minutes into the blackout, as the clock was nearing 10pm, we were thinking we were doomed to have dinner at Wendy's. Yup, the power went out right at the beginning of our epic meal.

Sometimes when we go out, we like to go ALL out. I had been plotting for weeks in advance to enjoy a classy and delicious meal at this place since I'd heard so many good things about it. We came armed with a $50 Opentable gift certificate and healthy appetites for our 9:30 pm reservation. Our reason to celebrate? My last weekend of summer freedom before classes started again (I'm a full time student, full time worker, and part time masochist). Checking in for our table was a breeze and it was ready after only a moment's wait. The couple in front of us wasn't quite so lucky and were told it would be a half hour wait, so reservations are key here!

Decor is understated and modern. The space is pretty small, with a larger seating area upstairs and a tiny bar downstairs by the entrance. That tiny bar was turning out some mean drinks for us, though! I requested a gin sour, not on the menu but a classic, and he got a Heineken. My sour came on the rocks and I guzzled it within the first 10 minutes of the blackout. It was refreshing, tart, and absolutely delicious, but I was slightly disappointed not to get one done with the egg white froth on top, but when I ordered a second one I asked for the egg white and they delivered the most perfect gin sour I've ever had. When the power came back after about 15 minutes (servers did an excellent job communicating and reassuring diners that it would likely come back on since it had happened earlier in the night) we were all treated to a round of complimentary bites, a little plate with a perfect cube of raw tuna and a cube of watermelon and some delightful vinaigrette. There was also a tasty amuse bouche of chilled corn soup.

Our waiter looked at us funny when we ordered. Too much food, I asked? Uh, yeah. Two toasts, two raw dishes, two "small plates", two veggie sides, and two entrees is probably too much for two people. So we pared it down by a whopping single raw dish and single veggie side. Hey, we wanted to try everything! Here's the run-down of our food impressions:

Maryland crab toast - Delicious. E wasn't sold on the sourdough at first but he warmed up to it.

Pea and bacon toast - This one stuck with me the longest even though my first bite was my least-favourite bite of the night. It just had a little too much mint on that piece and the fresh mint overwhelmed everything else. However, the last bite was utter perfection and I tasted what the chef was going for. The paper-thin canadian bacon on top was bruleed with a torch and that acrid note balanced the sweetness of the peas and mint with the saltiness of the bacon. All the proportions came together just right and it blew me away.

Oysters - E ate these (I'm not a fan) and the six oysters were big, beautiful, fresh, and without a speck of grit or shell.

Grilled Octopus - I managed to snag one bite from E before he finished this and the octopus was super tender and well-seasoned with a nice char.

Pappardelle with Rabbit - any variation of rabbit & pasta is irresistible for me. This version was much more... blonde than I'm used to. I was concerned it would be bland or a bit dry because it looked like it was lacking sauce, but the sauce was just very light in colour. It certainly didn't lack for flavour! The pasta was spot-on, the rabbit super moist, tender, and abundant and I ate the whole thing. I was getting super full by this point.

Lamb loin - I would order this again in a heartbeat. The portion was quite large, although not necessarily generous with the meat. The lamb itself was perfectly cooked and tender, not too gamy. It was served on the most fundamentally savory mushroom ragu I've ever tasted. I wanted to lick the plate.

Steamed halibut - E doesn't usually order fish but he really loved this dish. The basil broth was light and flavourful and it was a great dish for anyone who is watching their calories (not that he is). Halibut was slightly overcooked in one area where the filet was thinner than the rest.

Potatoes with shishito - fantastic. They tasted almost like there was a bit of Chinese 5 spice on them. Super crispy and yummy; I warmed up the leftovers for a post-gym breakfast the next day.

Blueberry pie - we got this to-go because we were so full but I had read great things about this pie. Don't tell my Aunt Susan, but it's even better than her pie. I literally never expected to say that about any pie, ever.


This feast was NOT cheap, but we left so satisfied it didn't feel like a rip-off by any means. Plenty of other places in the city will hit your wallet just as hard but leave you wanting a pizza afterwards. Service was excellent and I would absolutely return!
One of my favorite date-night spots. 

Cozy up with one of their fun cocktails or delicious glasses of wine and prepared to be blown away. I've been here with my family, just with my boyfriend, and for their NYE prix fixe night, and had a little bit of everything on their menu.

All the food is beautifully presented AND delicious. For date night, we always spilt a few of their toasts; a pasta, raw dish, or salad; and then a dessert. And if you're only going to get one thing here- make it the toast with beef tartare. Easily one of our favorite dishes in the city. And if you're going to get two things, add on the tuna poke....and if you're going to get three things, order their fruit crisp of the evening...and, well at that point, you can walk home happy.
We've all heard how the food is good and it is.  The staff really impressed me from when they called me to confirm my reservation.  When we found out how hot it was going to be and we wanted to enjoy some time at the pool, I asked if a later reservation opened, if we could have it.  Vernick called me back and bumped us back two hours.  They even gave me a warning that my reservation "would be cancelled" in an email, but they assured me that we had a new reservation.  We showed up a few minutes early and were promptly seated upstairs.  Our server wished us a happy anniversary and poured us two complimentary glasses of something bubbly.  

Earlier in the evening, we stopped at another bar and the bartender there told us to try the sea urchin with scrambled eggs.  Done.  Maryland crab toast too, since my wife is always crabby.  Done...  We also went with beef coulotte and some amish chicken. I've heard so much about this amish chicken and it lived up to the hype.  Incredibly moist and crispy skin.  A ton of nicely charred vegetables accompanied it.  My wife's dish had great flavor too and the waiter told us it was a bit spicy.  He was offering to let the kitchen know to cut it back, but my wife wanted it as is.  

The small plates were very good too.  Maryland crab on toast?  This was better than most meals I've had in Ocean City, Maryland.  Fresh flavors.  Cocktails were also really delicious. 

My advice to most people is not to look at the menu and just go and see what they have.  The menu changes regularly and my wife was disappointed that a few items were taken off them menu a day or two before we got there.  One of the specials were also gone after we were told about it and right before we ordered.  I'm actually really okay with this though.  I would rather have something different and fresh, rather than have someone accommodate me by just grabbing an old piece of food that was laying around.
I have been waiting to experience Vernick. Last night the wait was over. My husband and I got a 6:30 reservation. Rittenhouse parking garage at 2000 Walnut street 1/2 block away so I didn't have to hobble any further in my sky high heels.

The hostess that greeted us was extremely friendly and escorted us to our seat right away. She offered to hang our coats for us (nice).Seating is tight upstairs but the ambience is cozy and inviting. 

Our server Sarah greeted us right away and started with filling our water glasses. We asked about wine options and she recommended a wonderful red "Unlitro" from Tuscany that I will be purchasing for home (Wino).

Sarah went over the specials one of which was the veg of day mushrooms with brown butter which she advised there was only one left of. I knew my husband would be wanting steak so I asked her if she could grab the last one for us and she did!

Chef amuse bouche fennel soup (omg!!!) they need that on the menu. Nova lox with citrus sauce...delish! 

We started with the beef tartare with horseradish toast. This was excellent. Fresh tartare with zingy horseradish. The toast was crispy on the edges soft in the center.

We then had the parmesan custard with crispy artichoke. I've never had anything like this before. A creamy parmesan topped with thin crispy strips of artichoke and pepper. I'll be dreaming of that one. 

For large plates I had the famous 1/2 chicken and my husband had the 28 oz bone in dry aged strip. Both were served with roasted vegetables. My chicken was dry rubbed with a beautiful selection of seasonings. Crispy skin outside and juicy on the inside. My husbands strip (which could totally be for two) was perfection. A seasoned crust outside cooked perfectly med rare inside. My husband said it was the best steak he has ever eaten, which is a huge statement considering we have eaten at all the big steak houses in the city. He actually closed his eyes while chewing! 

For dessert we shared the toasted walnut maple pie with bourbon ice cream. Flaky pie crust with gooey maple walnut filling. Wish I took one to go. Cappuccinos made perfectly. Sarah brought us complimentary glasses of port to top our meal off.  Score! 

Verdict on Vernick. Worth the wait & we will definitely be back!!!
Had really excellent reviews so decided to check it out. Was very loud upstairs and made it difficult to hear Had strange man stare at me while I ate thought that was interesting touch. Wine selection was good, but too loud.
I'm rarely home in Philly these days. I live in New York, and New York has that intangible pull that just keeps me there constantly. But when holidays and/or baseball call, I'm jumping on a train home to see my dog, my family, my teams and some damn good restaurants. According to my parents, Vernick has made it to the top of many "Best of Philly" lists in the past year or so and is worthy of a visit. So when Father's Day (more accurately, a month before Father's Day) rolled around, my mom snagged a reservation. Despite witnessing the Phillies losing in grueling fashion just hours before dinner, this dinner made the trip down completely worth it. Impeccable food and service, and a pretty down-to-earth vibe considering this is one of the best restaurants in town.

We came to Vernick at 7:45pm on a Sunday. I had to be out by 9:15 to catch a train, so we were counting on the kitchen coursing things out accordingly. Which they did, with a scary amount of accuracy. The space is set up interestingly. A few tables outside make it seem casual, but Vernick gets more refined as you proceed back. We had the pleasure of sitting right across from the kitchen (see photo), which was a lot of fun. We didn't get to try everything on the menu but we sure got to see most dishes on their way out. Masterful. 

These days I'm off alcohol, so I didn't get to partake in the clearly strong liquor game here. My mom, dad and sister did, though, and they all ordered seconds. And thirds. They also enjoyed a glass of Withers Rose, which is my family's go-to.

Vernick has a nice, diverse menu. Toasts, a large sashimi section, a variety of small plates, a few large plates and the renowned wood-fire oven section. You really can't go wrong here. Take advantage of the variety and the finesse. One interesting pattern we found was having our server bring us our dishes, along with small bowls of broth to be poured over upon service. Made for some beautiful melodies of flavor. And I appreciated them coursing the meal out so thoughtfully. Raw first, typical small plates second, large plates last. Eats, below: 

Our amuse bouche was a taste zucchini/watercress soup with some parmesan and a miniature bite of cornbread on the side (see picture). Despite being dairy-free and gluten-free (ugh, I know), I tried a bit and it was delightful. Made for a great first impression.

Sea urchin, warm scrambled eggs: A+
Wow, can it get more decadent than this? Hard for me to believe that it can. Uni atop some foamy yogurt, over creamy scrambled eggs. This truly tastes like something produced by some higher god realm, heaven or something even better. Rich, as savory as it gets, fluffy and perfectly satisfying. It's definitely a unique combo, but don't let this scare you off. 

Tuna, toasted sesame ponzu: A-
Served w/ crispy seaweed and zucchini. Wonderfully fresh and definitely tasty, but compared to the rest of the night's fare, a bit boring. Nice, light pairing with the ponzu was yummy and I enjoyed the texture combo w/ the seaweed.

Arctic char, crispy skin & dill: A+
This, on the other hand, was one of the best raw/sashimi dishes I've had at an American restaurant. Incredibly flavorful for something so light, and had that same, nice texture combo with the crispy skin on top.  There was a nice chili flavor going on as well, which added a subtle spice to the dish. Must-order.

Shrimp, fried green tomatoes, parsley, ham broth: A+
Fresh, simple yet quite sophisticated. The shrimp were cooked perfectly--sometimes I find shrimp apps to be on the boring side (like, across the board), but this had some good variety going on. As was becoming a trend at this point, the broth poured over the shrimp was a great addition. The ham/shrimp combo was something new to be, but it worked quite well. 

Special pastrami/mustard seed appetizer: A+
Gorgeous presentation and nothing better than good, house-made pastrami. Yummy and fresh, excellent flavor profile.

Charcoal-grilled octopus niçoise: A
Another beautiful plate, yummy accompaniments and a well-cooked piece of octopus. These types of octopus preparations can get a bit repetitive (not sure where the octopus/potato came from and I've always found it odd) but this one had some real character.

Grilled black sea bass, acqua pazza, spicy broccoli & saffron: A+
Oh man, the mains really kicked it up a notch. This was a masterfully cooked piece of fish, and I adore bass so I was in heaven here. And on trend, that acqua pazza was delicious. They sure do love their broths here and they can certainly do them well. The broccoli was charred perfectly and made for a great side.

Organic Amish chicken w/ lemon & herb jus: A+
That wood-fire oven, tho. We had to try at least one main from that section, given the advertised prowess. And man, did Vernick deliver. Juicy and heavenly. We all agreed that a roasted chicken can be incredibly boring, but if done right, it can blow your mind. We devoured it FAST. Simple but incredibly satisfying.
Vernick is like your most popular friend. Social, entertaining, and extremely attractive. I finally had my chance to try it recently, and it's no wonder this restaurant is a such a celebrity in this city. It was date night, and it was a gorgeous night! Slight breeze that helped perfect my side-swept hair, and the warm sun providing lots of crowd-watching from the second floor (mainly dog walkers, runners, and people walking with an excessive amount of dry cleaning!). I brought my handsome date, and we had high expectations. There were a few misses, but there were many high points that would bring me back to try more of their creative food and drink menu. 

While perusing the menu, I ordered the New-groni. It was frothy from the egg white, and just enough citrus and tang from the grapefruit. A must order. (Sidenote: Really wish I could have bolded that last statement). I also ordered a manhattan which was also delicious!

Food-wise, we ordered the charred spinach and fontina toast, chili-glazed octopus, black sea bass, the rabbit leg, and a chocolate cream pie for dessert! The toast, cut in three small pieces, was a tease. It slightly reminded me of spinach pizza on Texas toast! Order more toasts if you have a hungry table! Unless, of course, you like octopus because I should have ordered a second plate. It was my favorite dish, minus the apple+endive salad. The octopus had the right amount of spice, but the salad did not work for me. Dressing was a bit salty, interfering with the light and refreshing palate it was going for. The larger plates were slightly better. The sea bass in itself was perfect! Tender chunks of grilled fish accompanied with a roasted tomato sauce. The red sauce was also generous with salt, so I tried to work around it. I tried a little bit of the rabbit dish, and that had more of the complex flavor I was looking for in my dish. We finished off with a decadent chocolate cream pie. Heaven on a plate! Not too sweet, and the graham crust added some nice texture.

Overall, the experience, atmosphere, and service was top-notch. You feel VIP in here, since everyone is so attentive as if you're their only guests. The meal needed some slight improvements, but obviously, there was so much that I wanted to try. I cannot wait for a return visit!
We came here after hearing so much good word of mouth and yelp reviews.  Overall had a good experience but not feeling all the hype.

Reservations were hard to come by.  We had to call ahead 2 months in advance.  Ambiance was nice but not impressive.  Seating upstairs was slightly snug, we could hear everything from table next to us.

Food
-Avocado spicy reddish toast:  ok, bread burnt
-Lamb belly small plate:  my favorite of the night.  Portions small but meat cooked perfectly.  Crispy chicken skin was nice change in texture.  Mustard over peach slices were nice enhancement
- Spaghetti:  vegetarian, firm noodles and bread crumbs interesting twist
- Potatoes pave and summer squash sides were good but nothing to write home about
- Amish chicken:  moist and large size, very salty though
- Pistachio citrus soda:  home made, refreshing and most innovative thing at this place

Because it was our anniversary we did get complimentary glasses of sparkling wine which was nice.  Service and food was food.  However the food just did not impress us.
Overall we had a good time but would probably not return anytime soon.
Birthday Dinner Review!

For the past few years Vernick has been that one restaurant that I've been craving to try with every glowing review after every prestigious accolade that I've come across about it. But for the past couple of years it was also the spot that I just fell short of claiming the right reservation for during a birthday dinner. Everything finally came up Millhouse on the year that it hit #1 on Philladelphia Magazine's 50 Best Restaurant List (http://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/50-best-restaurants/), and I was able to line up that reservation to the meal that delivered everything as anticipated!

Philly traffic was bad to the point where we showed up a little fashionably late past the acceptable time for a reservation and almost hit a snafu. But despite that Vernick was still able to accommodate and fit us in a good spot. With classic cocktails like my beloved Old Fashioned, seasonal ones like Meyer Lemon, and innovative new ones I wanted to try them all. But the combo of 14 yr old Glenfidditch, blended rum, and splashes of rooibos and honey of the Electric Honey had me sold. And it delivered the right combo of alcoholic punch and sweet tea flavor. Add in solid draft beers from locals like Stikman and Tired Hands, as well as an incredible wine list, and you have a pretty flawless drink list overall!

Seasonal items are beautifully highlighted on Vernick's menu; and between their variety of toasts, small plates, raw bar items, vegetable plates, large plates, and dishes roasted in a wood fire oven, it was pretty near impossible to decide what to order! but for starters we decided to pick up a couple of their signature toasts. The salty cured texture of the Bayonne ham proved to be the perfect compliment to the whipped brie and crisp toast. Meanwhile the broccoli and bacon jam toast with shaved parmesan and just a little bit of heat was an absolute revelation. If you see it on the menu channel your inner LaBeouf and "Just Do It" (https://youtu.be/2KktURaLCMM)!

For a main I could have easily followed the lead of my father an cousin and ordered the perfectly tender Venison with caramelized cabbage, mole & jus. But I was craving fish and was drawn to the cod which came with braised escarole, mussels, and green curry soaked in a mussel broth. The fish was perfectly flaky, and managed to blend well with the saltiness of the broth, heat of the curry, and absorbency of the well cooked escarole. to close off the evenings meal I opted for the milk chocolate hazelnut pie that was served a la mode with a cinnamon chile ice cream, and it proved to be pure decadence at its finest!

With spot on service, an innovative menu that changes regularly with the seasons, and a spot on drink list, Vernick proved to be worthy of the many accolades that it has achieved over the years, and its definitely a spot that I'll be back to!
So I'm going to go ahead and say that this just might be my absolute favorite dinner spot in Center City. I've heard you have to make reservations WAY ahead of time here, but my friend and I got lucky I guess because we made Saturday evening reservations only 2 days beforehand... I guess there must have been a cancelation. 

The food is AMAZING!!!! Every single bite of all the dishes I ordered were like chewing on a piece of heaven (If we assume heaven tastes wonderful). Also, I am vegetarian, and I felt like I had so many options to choose from - I went with the spaghetti squash salad and the apple chutney toast as an app. My friend (who love meat and everything related) got lamb and he said it was probably the best lamb he's had. The drinks were pretty good too... although be careful what you order, some of the drinks are almost too flavorful.

The service was absolutely incredible. As a first timer at Vernick, all our questions were answered and all the food was explained perfectly. The manager came up to us at one point and had a friendly little chat with us - it was a great experience overall.
Table of 10 on a Sunday night at 8??  NO THANKS!!  (Only restaurant I know that says that) 

Embarrassed I used to recommend this place to everyone.  Used to be great food and great service.  Can't vouch for that anymore.

Used to frequent here often when I lived in city.  Moved to suburbs and suggested it for my parents anniversary party.  A party of 10.  Called month in advance was told we could have it, a Sunday at 8.  No problems until a week before the event when the event manger Heather informs us that there will be a 60% ADDITIONAL fee for our party of 10 added on to whatever our food bill was.  60%!!  And yes this was not mentioned until a week before.  

She told me she needs to account for not being able to turn over any tables for rest of night since it's a bigger group.  It's an 8 O'clock reservation,  how many people do you know that are looking for tables for dinner at 10-1030 on a Sunday night?

I called to make sure I understood it correctly and yes I was informed all that was true.  If we ordered  500 dollars worth of food we would need to pay 300 extra and if it were 1000 dollars worth of food we would need to pay an extra 600 as an additional fee JUST for being a party of 10.  

Awful business.  Why anyone would charge a fee that INCREASES with the amount you order is beyond me.  She explained a lot of places charge room fees, which I am aware of and know.   Those places provide A ROOM, and their fee is nowhere near 60% of their good bill if there's even a fee at all.  We did not ask for nor were we getting a room (there is no private room there).  

There's no charge for a table of 2, but when u want 5 tables of 2, expect to pay an additional 60% of ANY AND ALL food you order.  

Shocked this is how they do business now.  

Who turns down a table of 10 on a Sunday night?  Apparently these guys.  Poor managent.  Thanks for the one week notice to find another restaurant.  

Sorry Greg, Come back to reality.
I LOVE, LOVE this place and I see why it has received so many accolades!! I traipse all over Philly reveling in the culinary experience that this great city has to offer and this discovery  gave me everything.
I tried to make a reservation for a Tuesday at 5:30 via Openable, but there was no availability. Knowing that restaurants only allot Opentable so many slots, I called Vernick directly and not only did they have availability, but the hostess offered me a spot at the chef's table...um, yeah!
What an experience! If you dine solo or with another person, I highly suggest that you ask for this table. Not only is it situated in the back where it was warmer, quieter and cozier, but it was great sitting at the table with an"eyes on" experience of the chef's doing their thing. Not only do you get some private attention from one of the chef's, but the GM and other big wigs, also mill around in the back and you also get recognition from them as well, like I did from Caleb. It was so great talking to him about how thriving Philly has become and some of the things that the city has come to offer in the past few years.
 I will say that the only negative to sitting at the chef's table is that as you constantly watch them prep food for other tables, it makes you want to order that dish and the next one, and the next one after that. But, you can't and the only thing you can do is salivate and plan your next visit.
Their menu had so many scrumptious choices, but because I was dining solo, I had to take it easy. I started with the Maryland crab toast. Caleb suggested that I just dig right in with my hands. I was a tad nervous because it's so unladylike to eat with your hands, but what the hell, move over knife and fork.
For my main course, I tried the grilled black sea bass with tender broccoli, and fire-roasted tomato sauce. The fish was just right and the accoutrements were a perfect fit. Beautifully presented and equally just as good.
No culinary experience is worth it without dessert. I couldn't decide what to get, so I made it easy on myself; I ordered the toasted walnut-maple pie and I also ordered the meyer lemon cheesecake to go. Decision settled.
I don't say this about a lot of restaurants, but I CAN'T WAIT to come back to Vernick!
Best meal of my life!!!! Here's why!
This is the best food served in Philly. Staff spoke about their training, like tea seminars, so that they can be as saavy as possible. The staff was so friendly , and knew so much about each dish and wine. It's a small space, so make a reservation in advanced! Decor is smart, wood and modern lighting. We got a beautiful view from our table by the window. 
 I'm still so amazed by the flavors! This meal is now the hallmark meal that I will compare everything to. We started with a delicious complimentary amuse fennel soup. Even just a sip tasted so smooth and complex. Our next item is the infamous sea urchin. This sea urchin dish needs to be scooped with a soup spoon. You need to grab a little bit of everything in a bite. So some sea urchin, some scrambled egg, some green onion and a bit of the creamy yogurt foam. It was fabulous. It is incredible, salty and creamy with great texture. Then, we had the crab toast. Such sweet and savory flavors...on toast! Even the bread had amazing smoky flavor that worked so well with the crab.  The squid ink pasta is made fresh every single day. The sauce was amazing and the pasta was so soft and fresh. The perfect finish was the not too sweet not too sour lemon ice cream sandwich. This was topped with sorrel, a micro green that tastes like lemon! Such incredible and thoughtful food. Perfect and unique dining.
I will be back with lots of friends! I just want everyone to try how amazing this good is.
Holy crap. This was the best meal I've had in a long time. 

I know sea bass is pretty safe, but let me ask you this? How do they make it taste better than a burrito? Like, think of the most delicious, fat-daddy, elastic pants type comfort food you can ... and this piece of fish on top of some broccoli and tomato sauce is better. How does that work? Seriously, how?! 

Basically, what I'm saying is, the owner sold his soul to the devil, and in return everything his chefs make tastes like heaven. You should probably go. Now. Go now.
I treated my bf to Vernick's for his birthday, but got a later-than-preferred reservation at 8:30pm. We decided to try our luck, headed there at 7:30, and were seated immediately at the bar. While reservations are usually a must, you can always walk in for the bar or lounge area, which conveniently offers the full menu!

Service was great, dishes came out perfectly timed, so we ended up releasing our reservation. 

The small dishes were definitely the highlight. Each had simple menu descriptions, but came out with so much more. The beets came with sheep's milk ricotta and farro. A veggie dish, yes, but incredibly rich. The charcoal-grilled octopus niçoise was amazingly tender, and garnished with chips, roasted potatoes, tomatoes, green beans, and a sauce that I would give an arm to learn how to recreate! I've dreamt about this dish for many nights since! The grilled heart of romaine, which came with figs and aged cheddar, was surprisingly filling.

Next came the main entrees. Mine was the grilled red snapper (they were out of bass) with charred broccoli, in a light but flavorful saffron broth. He got the veal flank steak, with white asparagus, potato rösti (similar to latke), and pumpkin seed sauce. While good, the entrees didn't strike us with the same level of pleasant surprise from that of the appetizers. 

Dessert was olive oil cake, which came with a lavender white chocolate crémeux. A bit dense and was probably my least favorite out of all the dishes, but the bf liked it. 

If you're thinking of going to Vernick's and haven't been, I would recommend getting a number of small dishes as opposed to main entrees. That's what I plan to do next time around!
Still fantastic!

I sat inside this time, not at the bar, at the request of my friend.  The back room on the first floor was an open, well structured updated room with a brick wall, wood floors, right next to the open kitchen and kitchen bar, but the room was extremely noisy.  So, what do I do?  I was as noisy as the rest of the mixed age crowd.  If ya can't beat 'em, join 'em.  So I dropped a few F bombs in my loud conversation, sue me.

The food was to die for, starting with the "raw" special of the day (some fish similar to the hamachi on the menu), served with citrus and jalapeno.   The pappardelle with braised rabbit and english peas was our second wonderful split.  And then for an entree, the whole fish special, a wonderful branzino served with the head and tail on, but totally de-boned, with grilled baby romaine and not-hot peppers, and we ordered a side of the black peppered green beans, all of the above was utterly amazing.

To add to the evening, we shared an upside-down plum cake.   This was fantastic in it's own right, perfect presentation and flavor and a great completion to the evenings fabulous fare.

Life is all about love, and I absolutely love this place.
I am a chef from California and dropped in for a weeknight dinner while visiting Philly. I was knocked over by the quality of the food and the experience. We had a plate of oysters, the crispy salt & vinegar potatoes, the grilled romaine salad and the Amish chicken. We demolished every last morsel of food.

My benchmark is when the food is as good as I could have prepared it myself. I almost always have a few nits about this or that. Not here.  If you are downtown this is your place.
Made a reservation 6 weeks in advance for a 10pm reservation for 4, had an opportunity to try a variety of dishes since we had 4 people - woooo!  

FAVORITES:
raw: striped jack, avocado & grilled jalapeño oil - $17
*solid crudo, we all loved this dish, highly recommend
small plate: red curry shrimp, crispy kimchi rice, toasted cashew, cilantro - $18
*one of my favorite dishes of 2018, great texture and flavor, shrimp was cooked perfectly and the combination of the crispy rice, nutty sauce and herbaceous flavor rounded out this dish nicely
large plate: crescent duck breast, baby turnips, beet relish, crème fraîche, jus - $35
*duck was very good but it was one breast cut in half, literally 6 bites, found this pretty overpriced for $35

JUST OK:
toast: maryland crab - $17
*sourdough bread was soggy with the wet crab, crab was sweet and delicious, very subtle flavor, would've loved a little salt or old bay, was underseasoned
toast: beef tartare, fresh horseradish - $17
*sourdough bread was soggy with the tartare, a crostini or bread that would remain crispy would be better, I found the shredded cheese on top an odd taste
small plate: egg yolk & ricotta raviolo, blood orange agrodulce, toasted black pepper - $16
*it's literally 1 large flat raviolo, the egg yolk comes out and it was pretty flavorless, I think they should consider putting this in a bowl rather than a plate
simply roasted: organic amish chicken, lemon & herb jus - whole $45
*chicken is moist and succulent but I wish there was more flavor it was pretty bland

DESSERT: (I would skip this)
brown butter financier: hazelnut milk chocolate & maple ice cream - $10
*dry, tacky, flavorless
salted caramel panna cotta: apple & cinnamon - $9
*didn't really have a panna cotta texture

SERVICE:
Our server Angela needed to fake it because her lackluster attitude put a damper on our meal.
Four of my friends and I visited this restaurant . We ordered the veal, steak and chicken.  While I think the food was good, the veal better than the steak, my main complaint with this restaurant is the service.  I have previously written a post that was taken down and am trying now to be substantive in my critique.  My sense is this restaurant is guarded of its reputation and zealously monitors complaints on yelp.  We were on time for the reservation and the table was not ready, so we were asked to wait on the bar.  

We ordered a drink and the tab could not be transferred to the table, which is understandable.  We went to the table and attempted to order a drink at the table and an appetizer. The waiter said he could not put in an appetizer before our mains because the food had to be ordered all at once.  There was no welcome to Vernick, no sense that the staff were pleased we were there or eager to go out of their way to inform us of specials or highlights on the menu, or another else one would expect after being seated.

After the full meal arrived, one of my friends fell asleep at the table. Yes, he has two kids, had a few drink and fell asleep.  No excuses, but no one as boisterous.  The waiter then came to the table after we had finished our dinner and confirmed I would be taking my friend of 20 years with me when we departed. I confirmed that we would be doing so. We proceeded to pay (a not insignificant tab) and the waiter came over again-- this time to inform us that it was against Pennsylvania law to have someone fall asleep at a table.  I get this place is renowned for good food in Philadelphia, but must the food come with staff attitude?
my favorite phila spot. have a drink at the bar and order from the left side of the menu (TOASTS, crudo, veggie sides). the bartenders a very knowledgeable and the drinks are delicious (wine list is also spot on - try the picpoul if you like dry whites and it's still on the menu). food wise my favorites are the crab toast (toast menu changes but there are some lifers including avocado and spicy radish), the striped jack crudo, and the beets. 

hard to get a reservation but totally worth it to plan ahead for. if you can score a spot at the chefs counter in the back you can watch them prep your meal. will never get sick of this place.
Apparently my experience was an anomaly since everyone else seems to like it.  I'd like to give this place more stars because they clearly take pride in their quality of food and presentation (which warrants the two stars). But we must have picked the wrong dishes that day because I was not impressed with the food. To top it off, our server was rude (despite that we were pretty much the easiest, least picky, decisive, ready to spend and be jolly customers he could've had), so there is no way that I'm recommending this place. Unless you're only going for drinks, in which case, sit at the bar upstairs. 

My friend who is a Philly local said great things about one of the bartenders/mixologists, so we stuck to cocktails of the cocktail menu. They were amazing. No complaints. 

We got a few dishes and shared, including the bronzino for two (fish of the day) - none of them were memorable. 

The uni starter was probably the only dish I actually enjoyed, which my friend did not. From what I could tell, it was a scrambled egg base (wayyyy too salty) under a layer of creme fraiche, topped off with sea urchin. Unfortunately for us they decided to skimp on the uni (what you see in the photo posted by Byron M. - a generous portion of sea urchin is NOT what we got). Ours had 3 tiny pieces. Other than that and it being too salty in general, I liked the dish and the novel concept, and figured Vernick would make up for its mistakes later in the meal. 

Then, the bronzino for two - the server failed to mention that it was not a full bronzino, but rather stuffed with "kimchi," or some knockoff dish which totally ruined the dish. This was really bad kimchi that they stuffed into a really lovely, quality bronzino and basically ruined the fish. There was very little meat - the bottom of the fish was crusty and hard, and the kimchi took up a lot of the dish. 

for the duration of the meal, our server was pretty much MIA. For dessert, another  server (finally a nice one! the one with the awesome handlebar 'stache, apparently a manager) came by and highly recommended the date cake saying we would not regret it. I'm not a huge dessert person, so I figured this would appeal to my non-sweettooth preferences. It was inedible. the idea was nice - cardamom syrup, but it was entirely too sweet - even my friend could not eat it. we had the ice cream each took a tiny bite of the cake but couldn't eat it since it was covered in syrup. When our assigned server came back, he asked how we liked it, and I nicely explained that it looked great but was just too sweet for our tastes, so we only ate the ice cream (the topping). He responded with, "so you're done?" and proceeded to take it away without batting an eye. He returned with the check and that was it. 

Then, the other server (handlebars) came back an asked the same thing - I gave the same response, to which he apologized and asked if our server took it off the bill. He did not. He felt bad and said that he would give us a free dessert the next time we came. I told him there would be another next time since I was from out of town. He turned to my friend and said to just remind him next time. (like that was actually going to happen! but at least he apologized). 

At close to $70 per person, I expect better service and better food. Next time, I'm sticking to the reliable and delicious Jose Garces restaurants. 

Overall, loved the drinks, did not like the food (failed attempt at taking a modern twist on very reliable quality dishes), and was really disappointed with the service.
In 1492 Columbus discovered America.  In 1522 Magellan discovered the Pacific.  In 1820  Bellingshausen discovered Antarctica.  In 1903 Roald Amundsen discovered the Northwest Passage.  And in 2012 I discovered a very unique spot now on the map, Vernick Food & Drink (VFD).

VFD is a dining adventure perhaps like no other.  You will enter an undiscovered country of very original combinations and flavors that will test your culinary open-mindedness.  The decor is modern but warm and the staff well polished.  From a management standpoint, it is near perfection.

For starters, we sampled the peas & bacon, beef tartare, and morels all separately on toast.  The toast was burnt around the edges, which I believe was intentional and I think added to the flavors.  From the raw bar, I ordered sea urchin over scrambled eggs, served with slices of raw urchin over a small bowl of what looked almost like oatmeal but was in fact scrambled eggs.  For the first time in my life I wasn't sure if I loved it or hated it, but I finished the entire portion (would Ponce de Leon turn back?  Hell no).  Very original and very different.

My entree was the small plate of buckwheat pasta with broccoli rabe, garlic, and lemon.  Very good, but again, the limits of my culinary boundaries were pushed to the max.  The buckwheat added a nuttiness and a bit of grittiness to the dish, but it was solid.

For dessert I ordered a homemade blueberry pie, which was warm and delicious albeit a bit too buttery.  Two amuse bouches were served with the meal, including, get this, a raspberry potato soup with mustard seed.  Wow...my tastebuds were short circuiting.  

Like the service and decor, there was a great amount of passion and care that went into every facet of our meal.  If you are a traditionalist, you may struggle to find your way and may plunge into an uncharted crevasse, never to be seen or heard from again.  However, if you are the type that loves adventure and throws caution to the wind, then VFD has a whole new world waiting for you.
It's been a second since the last time I ate at Vernick. It remains one of the most difficult tables to reserve in Philadelphia, and for good reason. My most recent meal there did not have a single misstep - The chef has really perfected his craft, the service is lovely, and the drinks are well-crafted. A meal this good does come at a very steep price, but it's well worth it for that once-in-a-while very special meal.

Honestly, every dish was a standout dish. The turbot amandine is the best version of a classic French bistro dish that you'll find - the turbot was perfectly cooked , the almonds were sweet and lightly toasted, and the roasted vegetables served on the side were delicious. Our waitress filleted the fish for us table-side, and boy was it a big, beautiful fish. (We did experience a bit of sticker shock at the end of our meal - the menu states the fish is "market price", which turned out to be $67!) The crescent duck breast was beautifully plated, the duck was so succulent and well-seasoned, and the slightly acidic beet relish really helped cut the savory decadence of the dish. For $35, the portion of duck (~half a breast) felt small, but the quality was something else. The arctic char with crispy skin and dill perfectly balanced refreshing flavors with the silky, fatty texture of salmon, and the toast topped with raw, melt-in-your-mouth scallops, might have been our favorite plate of the evening. Vernick is known for their scrambled eggs topped with uni and crème fraîche - it was excellent as always.

Service was friendly and well-paced. We left very, very happy with our meal, and though the difficulty of landing a reservation and high price point keep Vernick a rare treat, that's perhaps how it should be - a wonderful, special place with consistently excellent food that I can look forward to when I'm back in Philly.
Outstanding. Its been a long time coming for our first visit to Vernick Food and Drink. Its a place I not only heard about on my own, but a place that was always brought up to me by others food people that recommended it as one of the best restaurants in the city. I certainly have my favorites, so I was hoping to find another one that would end up on that list. It was my fiance's birthday, so we popped in on a Tuesday evening to find the entire restaurant and bar packed. Thats usually the tell tale sign of a great restaurant in the city, full even during the week. Any place can be full on the weekends, but if they fill up during the week too, its usually a good sign.

We grabbed a drink at the bar and just as we received them, our table was ready. They seated us upstairs on the second floor next to the open windows. While my fiance was a little cold, I was perfectly comfortable. It was a beautiful night. Our drinks were fantastically made. The care they take to make the cocktails is fantastic. They are fantastic bartenders. An old fashioned for my lady and a rye cocktail for me. Absolutely fantastic stuff. 

The menu was simply appetizing to look at. It was really difficult to choose what to order. We wound up making choices from on toast, raw, vegetables and small plates section. Our choices were the fromage blanc with meyer lemon chutney, tuna poke with macadamia nuts and soy, black pepper roasted cauliflower, mushroom salad with crispy egg and charred pepper dressing, warm parmesan custard & red wine braised artichokes and the tagliatelle with duck ragout baby zucchini and mint.

Before our food started coming out, we were served an amuse bouche, a true art lost on a lot of today's restaurants. The small shot of tomato soup and cheesey cracker bite were fantastic. I said to my fiancé I would love this on a cold day. It was a rich and hearty tomato soup. 

Then the avalanche of plates began. I thought the toast would be first, but we actually got the tuna poke. The flavor was superb. The fish was so fresh and tender and the Asian flair of flavor brought a nice salt and heat flavor to it. The macadamia nuts were a fantastic bit of crunch for an awesome textural difference. 

The Parmesan custard and mushroom salad came out next. Again two stunning dishes. The Parmesan custard was warm and had really nice flavor pairings from the poached artichokes pine nuts and sliced chiles. The mushroom salad was one of my favorite dishes of the night. There was a crispy fried egg that still had a runny yolk in the middle. The food runner instructed us to let the yolk run and soak into the mushrooms and dressing and mix it all around. He was right. Awesomely rich pairing and a really nice balance of flavors.

The duck ragout tagliatelle and black pepper cauliflower came next and they were at the same high level as the rest of the meal. My mouth tingled from the black pepper cauliflower in a very good way. I love cauliflower and this was the best I've ever had. It was charred incredibly well to give it a beautiful flavor. The tagliatelle with duck was beautifully plated and tasted just as good. The pasta was very fresh and cooked perfectly. The duck ragout would have been better for me if t was shredded and not ground, but it was still very good. Shredded meat works better in a ragout because it sticks with the pasta better in my opinion.

We never saw the toast which I was pretty disappointed with because thy get such fantastic reviews from diners. Our waitress admitted she forgot it and would up comping our espressos because of it. Our dessert was enormous. We ordered the apple pie with creme fraiche ice cream. I wish it was hot when it came out, but it was a pretty fantastic dessert nonetheless. The apples were amazing and the crust was super crunchy. We loved it.

I'll be back to vernick over and over again. It was a perfect evening and a perfect meal. Their service is fantastic and they do all the little hings well. Can't wait to come back
Hey, Vernick, welcome to the neighborhood! They opened very quietly this evening, but given the number of passers-by who were drawn in by the beautiful large open windows and balcony, they're about to become very popular. The food and drink live up to the ambiance, and I'm looking forward to making this a regular spot for dinner - or drinks and delicious snacks!

They have made the restaurant into a stunningly beautiful space. Downstairs there are standing tables in front of windows that open to the street and a bar with comfortable seating (I love bars where the seats have backs. LOVE.). Hidden in the back is a small dining room with a chef's counter - I was tempted to keep the news to myself in the hopes that nobody would find out about it, but the odds seem slim so  I decided to share with you. You're welcome. Upstairs is a more formal dining area and it is *gorgeous.* My first thought is that if I hadn't already suggested another locale for a friend's upcoming bridal shower that it would be the perfect location. There is a balcony on the second floor so you can enjoy the nice weather from the second floor, as well. 

Service was absolutely stellar - no opening night hiccups here. My meal began with a complementary English pea soup that had some kind of lemon (oil? aioli? infusion? whatever) flavor - not something I ever would have ordered myself, but the combination of lemon and pea was surprisingly perfect and definitely spring-like. I had the fromage blanc and ramps on toast - my initial order was a bit too charred (I don't mind toasty bread but this had turned the corner to burned); it was quickly and graciously replaced and turned out to be the star of my meal. The cheese is made in-house and is wonderfully creamy. If they sold it on its own I would eat it with a spoon, perhaps with honey drizzled on top. This was followed by the pork blade steak with onion marmalade and sauteed greens. The flavors all worked perfectly together - bitter greens and sweet marmalade. Yum. They claim to serve snacks and small plates, and have prices to match, but this is no Tinto - half of my entree is sitting in my fridge and is going to make me a happy woman at lunch tomorrow. 

I'm guessing they will start doing happy hours soon - they're the perfect spot for it. The downstairs lends itself well to casual snacking and the bartenders are phenomenal. The snacks are cheap and the drinks are worth it, though, so don't wait for a HH special to come by.
This is a really great restaurant. First, booking a reservation online was easy. The staff were very friendly and also, every aspect complied with the new COVID regulations. Even sitting inside, our tables were far enough away from one another. 

For my main course, I got the fish, which was so good. It was flaky and perfect. Portions are a bit on the smaller side (or maybe because I had been drinking, I was more peckish than usual) so I highly recommend getting some sides or small dishes to begin. 

The old fashioned there was really perfect and on the mark. Highly recommend.

Definitely would return and perfect for a date night.
I heard about Vernick from a few people and was told that it's one of the best restaurants in Philly. So I popped over here on a Tuesday evening for dinner while in town.

Very nice restaurant with multiple areas. You've got the front of the restaurant, and then a smaller seating section in the back where you also have an open kitchen concept. Visually the place was very modern and service wise it was excellent. 

I got a few dishes, the first of which was sea bass that came in a tomato sauce. The dish was excellent and turned out to be a surprisingly delicious combination. I then had the red curry shrimp was great, but just a little salty. I also had their crispy potatoes, which are literally baked to crisp. Unfortunately didn't like at all as the seasoning just wasn't working for me. Not sure what it was seasoned with, but whatever it was is very much overbearing, so I took a few bites and moved on. For dessert I had the the walnut pie, which was good, but nothing special.

Overall good dining experience here. Creative dishes that are well put together and tasty. Though I didn't like the potatoes, I give them credit for trying something out the box like that. Also note, it's hard to get reservations here, so plan ahead.
As a new person to Philly we thought we could go eat at any of the nearby restaurants without a problem. To our avail every place we went to around 7PM on a Friday night was completely booked with over 2 hours wait time.

At Vernick we talked to the Hostess and she made sure that we were able to get a seat without reservations within 30min. We were very pleased with our service during our time there.

Along with the service the food was amazing! For a fancy night on the town this is a great place to go.....Bill came to around $100 for 2 (2 entrees and an app)
Exceptional from the first cocktail to the last bite of dessert.  

Unassuming from the outside, Vernick is a double decker bar and restaurant, that is flanked by an unimpressive stretch of apartment buildings, some vacant, some dilapidated. The flowers hanging from its open second floor restaurant can be mistaken for second story apartment, and its signage is small and easy to miss.  But take note, this is a serious eating establishment. 

As you walk into the first floor lounge, one immediately notices the unlabeled glass bottles of homemade elixers that line the bar.  Some are bright red, others are milky white.  Hmmm...what have we here?  Once we ordered our cocktails, our waitress notified us that the owner takes cocktails and mixology very seriously.  They painstakingly juice their cucumbers everyday in order to make cocktails like the Green Goddess (refreshing and gorgeously chartreuse), which might the beautiful potions downstairs.  She added that each cocktail on the menu has undergone serious thought and many trials.  And it shows!  Tequila is combined with hot chilis and lime to create a seriously well-balanced drink.  Absinthe  never tasted so great as in Vernick's hands.  Each drink is so perfectly conceptualized and executed, I think it exceeds those places who specialize in cocktails (cough Franklin Mortgage cough).  

Then there's the food, and the free food.  When you go to places that charge $$$$$ for a meal, you expect an amuse bouche.  Not when entree under $25.  Here, they give you TWO amuse bouches compliments of the chef.  We were given a generous shot of velvety carrot soup and then a bite of tuna tartar.  Exciting surprises and serious appetite whetters.  

Next we went with the bacon and pea toast.  A smear of what tasted like mushy peas, thinly shaved pieces of bacon and some fresh greens topped a hearty slice of sourdough.  Sweet, smoky, velvety, and clean, I was blown by the ingenuity of this simply appetizer.  For our main course, we decided to go with the dorade to share with a side of greens (which included my favorite green of all time - pea shoots!).  The dorade was deboned through the middle, stuffed with a citrusy fennel salad, and cooked to perfection - juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside.  While the fish was exception, I was blown away by the details.  The fish came with a couple hearts of seared romaine, simple but seasoned.  Yes!  Someone who understand that vegetables need love (seasoning) too!  The entree also had a few shishito peppers sprinkled around the plate with the fish.  I didn't realize you could find shishito peppers served in Philly until that night.  (Bonus, the waitress explained that the chef/owner's love of the peppers came from his stint in Japan).  Lastly, the fish came with wedges of lemon and lime that were cut so that the wedge would be naturally seedless and easy to squeeze.  This cut is more wasteful for the restaurant, so definitely not cost effective.  What service!  This attention to detail would make any attorney cry for joy.

Finally, the dessert.  Dessert is many times a toss away at a restaurant, but not here.  I ordered it in part, as a skeptic who was betting to be let down.  We got the frozen croquant.  OMG it is itself worthy of a visit.  I'm not sure what each layer is comprised of, but the combination makes up a giant frozen rectangle of chocolate and hazelnut goodness spread across crunchy wafers: in short a kit kat bar.  Probably the best single piece of dessert I've had in recent memory.  This, following perfect drinks and a perfect meal, was mind-blowing.  

Not to be completely out-shined by the food & drink, the service was perfect.  Friendly, knowledgable, attentive, but not at all intrusive.  Special shout out to Alicia and her colleagues who made the meal superb.  

I know this review had some painful details that normal folks may not care a lick about, but I wanted to alert the chef that I noticed your attention to details and I am incredibly, incredibly impressed.
I have been here twice now and had top notch service & world class food both times. Cannot recommend highly enough. The first time I joined two friends and ate at the wall nook in the bar area, which didn't take away from the food. 

Recently I took my boyfriend back, having just moved to Philly for temporary work assignment, and we lucked into two open seats at the Chef's table. Wow. These guys & gals know what they're doing & it's exciting to watch. Order a toast (their signature app) & other small plates. Their cocktails are on point. The Meyer lemon one was my favorite.

My only regret was that I didn't get a photo (did not take out my phone so I could fully enjoy the experience. As someone new to Philly, all I can say is that this place is dangerously close to my apartment.

Make a reservation early or be prepared to wait for a seat or nook in the bar area.
Vernick is hands down my favorite restaurant in the entire world.  I've eaten a lot of amazing foods at a lot of amazing restaurants and yet Vernick is the one I consistently get excited to go back to.  I will find any excuse to go to Vernick even though there are so many other restaurants to try.  My dilemma is always...shall I try something new?  Or go back to the place I love?  Vernick has won that battle more times than any restaurant I've been to.  It's the perfect place for my raging appetite.  I love to eat a bit of a lot of different dishes as opposed to a lot of one dish.  Small plates are my favorite way to dine and Vernick does it well.

Our first time visiting was with a friend who knew Mr. Vernick.  Honest to god, when I got there, I wasn't sure if I would like anything.  But I'll be damned, did they sure blow open my mind and palette!  For example, I never knew I'd appreciate toast as much as I do now...I actually crave it.  Not just any toast; Vernick's toast.  They perfectly char their toast to be the best possible vehicle for so many beautiful toppings.  Geez toppings seem like such a lame noun to describe the culinary brilliance that lays on top of these toast.  My first was the fromage blanc with pickled cherries.  Never would I have thought this would be as amazing as it is.  The creamy salty cheese lays on top of that charred toast, giving it that satisfying crunch and textural difference...then you have that sweet and mildly sour pickled cherry that compliments the creamy cheese just enough that it doesn't drown it out.  Who would have thought to pickle a cherry? Culinary brilliance will be a term I use in this review over and over.  They rotate it out; I've had the fromage blanc with pickled cherries, apple chutney, and pickled ramps.  My favorite is still the pickled cherries.  The one toast that truly blew my mind was on that first visit.  Complimentary of the chef, who I'll never be able to thank enough for this life changing bite because had it not been sent out to us on the house, I can't say I'd been brave enough to try it on my own.  Up to this point I've eaten raw fish (sushi) but cringed at raw beef.  But not one to pass up on FREE food, I decided that this would be as good of a time than ever to try it because if I hated it...well, it didn't cost me a dime!  The Beef Tartare on toast with fresh horseradish and (what I detect to be) cubes of sharp provolone or perhaps parmesean or romano.  Let's take a moment of silence because I was stunned speechless....again, that perfectly charred toast contrasting with melt-in-your mouth beef married with the sharp cheese and the bite of horseradish to cut through the dimension to elevate the bite to another note...and all of the sudden the thought of eating raw beef disappeared from my mind...all I could think of was the flavor explosion in my mouth...flavors and textures swirling together....and just like that, Vernick's Beef Tartare on toast became one of my favorite things to eat.  Simply and poetically.  Haha...as if I'm describing my first love (sorry hunny).

It doesn't stop their.  Vernick's raw dishes put so many raw plates to shame....it's hard to visit other restaurants because they can't compare....it's actually not even fair.  Two raw dishes stick out in my mind.  1) the ahi tuna poke.  A fine balance between sweet and salty.  The way the crunches of macadamia nuts flirted with the sweet soy as it danced with the freshest tuna that also melted in your mouth...we recently visited Hawaii, and I can't say I've tried a poke better than Vernick's yet.  We'll search again, when we visit for another time in the Fall.  2) Striped jack, avocado & grilled jalapeno oil.  Fresh, melt-in-your-mouth stripe jack with the avocado cream and jalapeño oil makes this one of my favorite raw dishes!  Such simplicity yet exquisite burst of flavor.  I say it over and over....I acknowledge, appreciate, and applaud simplicity when there are quality ingredients that speak for themselves.   A must have!

Contemporary American cuisine.  Pushing culinary boundaries.  Culinary creativity at its finest!!  I have not written a lot of reviews yet for you to know me or my palette yet...but I'll tell you one thing, I only write long reviews when I am passionate about something, and I am passionate about Vernick. It's a fancy place with fancy food but it's quality fancy food that leaves you satisfied and yearning for more.

Honorable mentions to the staff at Vernick because they are the most pleasant and curteous staff people I've had to pleasure of encountering. Do yourself a favor, make rsvp ahead of time.  They book up quickly!  And go hungry and eat everything you possibly can!  And remember, there's always room for dessert so push through that "omg I'm so full I'm going to explode" feeling and order a dessert or 4!  

Thanks Vernick for the inspiration!  I can only hope my review does your exceptionally exquisite restaurant justice.
Went here for an anniversary dinner and it was EVERYTHING we hoped for! 

Service: From the minute we walked in, we did not lift a finger. We were greeted by the hostess and another person who opened the door for us and led us right upstairs to our table. Throughout the meal, our server was knowledgable about recommendations and quite friendly. They gave us complimentary champagne and a gazpacho soup with a mini cornbread that was just delicious to get us going. 

Ambience: Everything was very comfortable. We didn't spend much time downstairs, but everything from the wooden stairs to the lighting made it feel very upscale and intimate upstairs. 

Food: Unbelievable. We ordered the Maryland crab toast and arctic char to start, both reviewed on Yelp as some of the highlights. Just delicious!! The crab toast was so tasty, and even more notable was the tasty sourdough bread. Coming from someone who doesn't normally enjoy crab, I was happy! The char was so fatty and melted right in our mouths. Would highly recommend to sashimi lovers. Before our main courses, we got the caprese salad as recommended by the server. The mozzarella was homemade and so tasty.  I ordered the blackened sea bass, and once again, I'm not normally a big bass fan but this fish would satisfy anyone's palette. My boyfriend got the half chicken, the seller of the restaurant, and he said it was the best chicken he had ever had! Dessert: blueberry pie. The only underwhelming part of our meal. The crust tasted kind of dry and we were pretty full by that point anyway. 

Drinks: Aside from our complimentary champagne, we each ordered 2 drinks. I had Til the Money Runs out and some other specialty cocktail. My boyfriend had the Skylark and the Painkiller. None of these were anything to write home about. Surprisingly disappointing but nonetheless the food made up for it. 


Enjoy perusing the pictures from our meal. We want to go back every night... definitely lives up to its hype as a top restaurant in Philly!!
Came here for some late night eats at around 10:15pm (sorry for the late seating, staff at Vernick).  Our server was wonderful and was able to recommend many of her favorites and suggested a few top notch dishes.  

After I ordered wine and my companion ordered something a bit more stiff, we started with the complimentary amuse-bouche which was warm potato soup with parsley oil and a little cheesy puff nugget type thing.  Amazing and a perfect start for a cold night.  

We ordered two toasts- the first was a beef tartare with fresh horseradish and it was out of this world.  Probably one of my favorites of the night.  The second was the broccoli and bacon jam toast which was probably blessed by Jesus or something because it was heavenly.  Both toast dishes were charred so they were crispy - but they were still soft and didn't assault the roof of your mouth.  We also got the tuna poke raw dish and holy hell this was so good. Huge chunks of tuna dressed with cilantro and macadamia nuts and a sweet soy. 

To share a couple main dish small plates we got the steamed mussels with couscous and the buckwheat pasta.  Both were phenomenal.  The couscous was a perfect accompaniment to the mussels and was PACKED with flavor.  The mussels were a nice size and were so delicate.  The dish also had brussels sprouts which (now that I am in my 30's) I adore and they were the perfect addition.  Be careful though, that dish comes with a bit of a kick.  It was a bit spicy so if you're thinking of a calm dish to share with grandma, this isn't it.  I'd order it 10 times over though.  The buckwheat fettuccine with mushrooms was also perfect. I have an undeniable love affair with carbs and this one did not disappoint.  The homemade fettuccine was lovely and the dish was savory and filling.  

5 stars for Vernick Food and Drink.  I'm so happy I love so close!
As impressive as you've heard! The space both upstairs and downstairs is intimate, yet spacious. The staff was welcoming, friendly and professional from beginning to end. 

The food was inventive, beautiful and delicious.  So many things for this vegetarian to try. I have to go back for sure. The fromage blanc toast with cherries was beyond words.  The eggplant toast with tomatoes was yummy too. The carrot dish, and potato pave were good from the veggie section.  I also got the grilled heart of romaine that was very substantial and hit the spot.  Very unique dish! These dishes are great for sharing if you enjoy trying new and varied dishes. We also had the strawberry cannoli and olive oil cake for dessert. 

While this place is on the pricier side, it's definitely worth it. So glad I finally scored a reservation!
Last night my husband took me to Vernick for my birthday and it was a very memorable dinner. Walking into Vernick you automatically notice that it has a hip and trendy vibe. Once we were seated upstairs, our waiter came over and he was very knowledgeable about the menu.  My husband and I ended up ordering most of the dishes that he recommended and I was very happy with that!

We started off with the Beef Tartar and the Tuna Poke.  Both were delicious but we enjoyed the Tuna Poke the best out of the two. The Tuna Poke was very flavorful and tasted SO fresh. The Tuna was definitely highlighted in the dish and I liked that there were large pieces of the tuna. The Beef Tartar was good too but not as memorable. After this, we ordered the Grilled Heart of Romaine which was excellent - I have to say that this is one of my favorite dishes even though it was so simple. I wanted to order a second but thought that would be too much food.. but I'm still thinking about it as I'm typing this review! 

For our main course we ordered the Organic Amish Chicken which was excellent as well. The chicken was juicy and I liked that it came with vegetables.  We also ordered the Black Pepper Roasted Cauliflower to go along with the Chicken and it was perfection. For dessert we had the brownie with came with ice cream and it was just enough for the two of us to have a few bites.

All in all we had a wonderful experience and I can't to come back!
It was my mom's 80th birthday, and this is where she said she wanted to go. Nothing was available on OpenTable, but as the restaurant's website says, call for full availability. This is true of most good restaurants--not all of the inventory is ever on OpenTable. So...the day came, and we arrived a bit early. No problem. They led us to a table in the back (we didn't want upstairs, as my mom doesn't do stairs quite as well these days). We were in the corner, and there was an artistic pile of wood there that created a barrier and a sense of privacy. We liked it.

The menu is mostly small plates, divided into toasts, raw, vegetables and small plates, with a few larger plates as well. After consulting with our affable, knowledgeable server, we went for a pair of toasts (crab, and a chanterelle/eggplant), two raw dishes (venison tartare and an arctic char with dill, chili oil and crispy skin), a vegetable dish (beets), a small plate (a Korean-style short rib) and one larger dish, the half-chicken.

First off, pacing was leisurely--exactly what we wanted. We ended up being there for nearly three hours (and yet it didn't feel long at all), because they never brought out more than a couple dishes at a time. Service was outstanding in every way, with everyone who was taking care of us being friendly and efficient. My mom loved how they would wipe the table between courses too (which they also do at Zahav, another fave).

A bad service experience can ruin an otherwise great food experience, but it's also true that no matter how good the service is, if the food isn't good, you're not going to come back. The food here is amazing. The Arctic char we started with was sashimi-quality fish, with the dill and chili oil making the dish pop, and that crispy skin that came with it was something else. The venison too was delicious--and portions are generous too--as were the toasts. Even the bread for the toasts was wonderful and just the right texture. The short version is that everything was outstanding...until we got to the chicken. The chicken was, to put it simply, the best chicken I've ever eaten. It was wonderfully moist, impossibly flavorful, and perfectly textured. We were literally fighting over every scrap. We asked the server how it was done, and apparently it's first brined, then steamed, then finally crisped in the wood oven. Wow. Just wow.

That left dessert, which was also delicious. We shared (among the three of us) a goat's milk panna cotta (I think it was goat's milk rather than sheep's milk) with a fab crumble over it for texture (yum!) and a milk-chocolate hazelnut pie, which was delicious in its own right and topped by a cinnamon-chile ice cream that served as an awesome counterpoint. And next to the panna cotta was a candle for my mom's birthday. Perfect right to the end.

Thanks, Vernick, for making it a night to remember. While I live in LA, you'll definitely be joining Zahav on my "when I'm back in town" list, and I know my parents are already figuring out how they can work a return visit into their schedule.
Wow this place is impressive!! I've been wanting to try Vernick for a long time.  Finally made it over the weekend.. One visit and I'm already hooked!!  We went after 10pm so it was easy to get a seat downstairs near the bar.  The hostess was so sweet and friendly.  The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  We ordered the beef tar tar toast, it was mind blowing.  Light horseradish mixed in with a nice olive oil base. The toast was perfectly toasted.  I can't brag enough about this little app!!  We also got a small plate of whipped ricotta balls lightly boiled on a bed of rhubarb .. Also fantastic.  The ricotta was the perfect texture and oozed right out when you take a bite.   Cocktails were also delicious.  I never drink gin, but this grapefruit egg white gin martini was phenomenal.  Can't wait to come back for more.
deeelicious. great drinks. cool and attentive service. great food.

philly is not where you might think of sophisticated, innovative dining. vernick is just that and might have been my favorite meal on the east coast (nyc, dc, boston, philly). 

everything was very well prepared and cooked. the uni and egg tasted very home-y and comforting. beef tartare was the best i've had in a while with fresh horse radish. maybe ever. half amish chicken was perfectly cooked, moist, and marinaded to the tee. even the complimentary mini leek soup was delicious. 

i liked the general vibe of this place and was happy to get there around opening for bar seating. the martinis were pretty good too. 

highly recommend stopping by if you're in the city of brotherly love. reservations recommended.
I have had the best meals of my life in Philadelphia, so I expected a lot out of Vernick. I expected a flawless jaw dropping culinary experience which maybe I shouldn't have expected this since they are really good at making classic "New American" food different from Vedge or Zahav who are very specialized. We went here for a birthday dinner, which was thoughtfully acknowledged at the end of our meal with some aperitifs and a candle-- a really cute touch! 

Upon arrival we had to wait about 10 minutes for our table-- nbd. We were seated upstairs, the atmosphere is nice, but definitely cozy aka too squished and super loud-- which I was bummed by. I did not find the atmosphere very relaxing. We were sadly not asked if it was our first time dining there, and I should have dug in deeper w/ the server and asked how much we should order, but it was never described to us. It is definitely small plates and smaller portions like many of the reviews say. 

The cocktails were good, I ordered one with matcha which I was stoked about, then I got some sparkling rose, (because millennial pink DUH). We ordered the avocado toast as an app, I was ready to be wowed, nope. I mean it was super delicious but I have had better avocado toast at Charlie was a sinner-- and hey just my opinion! We then ordered hens woods mushrooms which were very tasty. Our "main dishes" came out, I ordered the sea bass and it was sooooo good, but so small. I also was super bummed that no house bread came with it to sop up the broth because aside from the crunchy broccoli in the dish it was the best part. 

I will absolutely return to Vernick, and I am excited to, but I think I will not mentally set the bar unattainably high next time and I will need to be wowed elsewhere.
I'm upset with myself for not going to Vernick sooner. Our waiter was excellent and provided a great recommendation for a bottle of wine. She was very knowledgeable and answered every question. We ordered a variety of dishes and she created a perfectly coursed meal.

We started with the beef tartare. It was so tender and the smalls cubes of cheese mixed in had a nice bite. The kampachi with ruby grapefruit was delicious and the pistachios added a nice crunch.  Next up was the red curry shrimp which was cooked perfectly. This might be my favorite dish as I loved the crispy rice.  We had the soft shell crab special during this round. The heirloom tomatoes were obviously so fresh because of the time of year! In the final round we had the lamb belly confit. The little peach colored sauce dots added a nice kick to the dish while the peaches and salad cut the fat of the lamb belly.  We also had the grilled corn agnolliti with claims. It was divine!

We opted to try two desserts. We could have split the blueberry pie because it was HUGE! I enjoyed the raspberry pavlova and it was beautifully presented. I've never had pavlova before but it might not be my thing.  

Overall, excellent food and service. I can't wait to go back to try more seasonal dishes!
Vernick makes me sad that I don't live in Philadelphia. Going here was one of my favorite dining experiences ever. The ambiance was chic yet not pretentious, warm and inviting and sophisticated. I came here for a romantic dinner and was not disappointed. 

More importantly--the food. Holy cow. I was here during a prix fix menu event and every dish was awesome. The menu changes with some regularity, according to their website, but I imagine everything is good. The Maryland crab toast still sticks out in my mind as something seemingly simple that was decadent and amazing. 

Also compared to my current town, DC, the prices are great. This meal would have been easily 25 percent more expensive in DC, and I'd have had to make a reservation much further in advance, probably for a meal that wasn't as good. Vernick really showcases how Philly has come far as a great dining city.
This place puts all my other five stars to shame. Not only was the food here amazing, but the staff, including the chef owner couldn't have been any nicer. I've been to a lot of places to eat in the city, but never before has the chef come and asked to take a picture of us before. We were blown away. 
Anyway, the food couldn't have been any better. We had the game and Brie toast as well as the pumpkin and brown butter toast. We also had the duck pasta , beets and ricotta and the chicken. I normally don't order chicken out, but I had heard the chicken here was phenomenal and I had heard correctly. My dining partner isn't really a meat eater and he said it changed how he felt about meat. CHANGED HOW HE FELT! It was that good. 
We finished with the special mint ice cream and the brown butter torte which was recommended by the chef (we sat at the chefs counter). I'd sit there every time now because it's like dinner and a show and these guys were precise and really informative. I went during dinner rush on a Saturday and they stopped what they were doing every time to answer my questions and explain what they were making. It's no wonder this place gets rated so highly. They deserve it. 
I'll be back. I want to try all the toasts!
Whoa, when my sister-in-law and her husband told me how amazing this place was and completely worth every penny, I was a bit skeptical (because there are tons of restaurants in Philly that are quite amazing). Man, were they right. From beginning to end, this place was an all around 5 stars. Walking in, doors were opened by the hostess, upon being seated, water glasses were filled, and menus were then explained. Food came out at such a reasonable time. I didn't feel rushed at all and never at a point where I felt like I was waiting forever for food or drinks.

Spanish mackerel - I'm not a big fan of raw fish in general, so I didn't eat much of it. My wife surely inhaled it though. I really enjoyed the chips that came with it.

Wagyu beef pastrami - This was by far my favorite. The beef just shredded apart and the flavor was right on point. I really wanted to order another one. Mmmm, *mouth drooling*

Squid ink spaghetti - another good dish. I love cockles (little mini clams), so this dish was right up my alley. I thought it was a little on the saltier side, but it paired really well with my martini.

Turbot fish - when the server told us that they only had limited supply of this fish available to order for the night, the wife and I had to jump on it. We were so glad we did. Our server was 100% correct on this dish. It was flaky and so buttery. I loved every bite. We ate this thing down to it's bare bone. My wife actually wanted to pick up the bones and suck off the remaining juices (but she didn't). 

Blueberry pie - I thought this was better than Maine's blueberry pies. Not too sweet. They didn't overload it with sugar, so you can really taste the natural sweetness of the blueberries. The ice cream that was served with it was quite interesting. It was some sort of flower flavored ice cream. I really enjoyed it.

Overall - I can't wait to come back. Totally worth it!
Came here late on a Tuesday evening with a group of 5 other friends for a birthday celebration -- although the service was a little bit spotty (we waited quite a while for a server to come take our order...I guess it was relatively busy but even so was a bit slow), the experience was otherwise excellent. The food was absolutely INCREDIBLE. 

We ordered a variety of small dishes and two of the large plates - definite highlights included the scallop toast with truffle butter; broccoli; sea bass; dark chocolate cannoli and rhubarb pavlova. Must come back soon to try the rest of the menu...
Why a single star, one might ask? Well, in relation to the price point, the disappointment couldn't be larger.

The service:

Not the best.  Honestly, we were sat, and the one servers had to cover for the second, and then didn't bother to tell the second that they did.  They took our drink order (after we'd been sitting for five minutes without water), and then our actual server just asked the same question again, "what would you like to drink?".  ::shakes head::

Biggest pet peeve: didn't ask us if we had any dietary restrictions.  Here we have a non-descriptive menu, where most of the options have many other ingredients that aren't listed.  Our server didn't bother to ask us if there was anything we couldn't eat or didn't want.  I mean, hey, we're from the Mid-West, and that's standard even there.  We expect better from a *real* city like Philly.

The food:

In a word: salt.  And by that we mean too much!  It destroyed our palates, and after the first tasting we were already discussing how "salt forward" the food was.  By the end, we could barely eat the food.  We aren't low sodium people by any means, but by the end, our mouths and throats hurt from the amount of salt.  We even mentioned this to our server after the first courses, and were told that the later courses would be better. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  Maybe it was a fluke, maybe it was because it was a Tuesday night?

Dietary restrictions are also hard.  We *should* have explained them up front, but we weren't asked.  It's weird to order something with a "crispy" egg, and that to mean a poached egg deep fried in Panko.  Honestly, there's the concept of the egg white being cooked until it's crispy.  It's just poor descriptions on the menu.  Basically you should ask the server for every little ingredient and technique used in every menu item because you will be surprised what the final result will be compared to what's written.

But hey, we're normal folk from the mid-west and we don't know how to eat at these *fine* establishments in *real* cities.

Overall, very disappointed.  We've had food three times better for half the price in any number of cities across the U.S.  But, maybe that's just us....?
Have been back about 10 times now since my first review and have had a great meal every time by far my favorite Philly restaurant. The problem is everyone else knows how great Vernick is so it's tough to get a reservation!

The trick I've found has either been to call (no OpenTable!) about a month before and they usually had a spot for two. My other trick is to show up at 5 when they open and usually they have a few tables at the bar with just as good of service. 

I've had great food here from their toasts, to their pasta (my favorite) to their dessert and cocktails. I haven't gone wrong yet. I don't feel it's too stuck up, they are welcoming and the food is amazing. I am a personal fan of the chefs counter if you can get it and appreciate cooking. Love it here.
Oh my lovely perfect Vernick.  Told Ryan the GM that I would give them 5 stars even though it's like against my entire moral code.  Morons on Yelp! giving everything 5 stars "Hey I'm an idiot loser who knows nothing and gives everything 5 stars! yay!"  Vernick actually deserves it.  Their food is so ridiculously good.  Every bite amazing and to be cherished.  Super-Chef Vernick is in the kitchen at all times, eyeing everything that comes out of there with a relentless precision that is uncanny, intimidating, fantastic and inspiring.  If it doesn't meet his discerning approval, it's going in the trash and the cook on the line may get taken outside for a back-alley beating (this is how a restaurant is supposed to be run when you have a dedicated  food genius killer at the helm - and these "pep talks" clearly keep things running smoothly).  I have never had a bad bite there, from the small plates to one of the best bone-in steaks I have ever eaten (wood burning oven folks) - they crush it like Alexander the Great will crush your puny army.  The service is nothing short of spectacular.  Everyone will try and remember your name, they are flawless with their witty banter, appropriate times to joke and be serious, appropriate times to engage you and then leave you to your awesome meal.  Amazingly - their drinks are just about as good as their food.  Vincent, one of the managers who runs the "drink operation" is one of the best mixologists I have ever had the pleasure of being served by.  The other ladies and gentlemen behind the bar are no exception.  They have competitions between the 'tenders to create new and inspired cocktails and see who is the best and who's just 1/100000th of a  millimeter behind - because they're all damn good.  Homemade bitters, Dolin vermouth like they've bought the entire world stock, homemade syrups...  They have a lot of classic cocktails (best manhattan I've ever had, best Sazerac I have ever had) - but also get crazy inventive (I've had the manhattan 10 different ways and can't figure out which is the best it makes my head spin).  Tell them what you like and they'll make a legendary cocktail to blow your brain out the back of your head (I've had to pick up pieces of my brain several times).  Wine and other drinks are awesome, rotating tap selection of some tasty treat beers - Ryan "sleeps on" what he's ordering for wine and it's excellent (legenadry Bandol Rose magnum - oh yeah).

My only complaint???  It's too damn good I spend all my money!!!!!  Love these guys hope they continue to run one of the best drinking and dining operations I have ever had the pleasure of visiting in the entire world (and yes -it's here in Philly).

To those of you actually giving less than 5 stars, I was on the verge of gnawing off my hand to prevent from clicking post because it's that difficult for me to do it - you all know nothing - go back to Buddakan or El Vez - losers.
Somehow vernick gets even better when you go back, even with high expectations!

The beef tartare was PERFECTION this time with just a touch of horseradish!

Other favorite dishes of the night were the sea bass and surprisingly the dark chocolate and passion fruit semifreddo! 

The service was again superb. Will be back soon.
If you can snag a reservation at Vernick, go in with no regrets.

I was fortunate enough to make a reservation on a Saturday evening at the chef's table, and it's such a fun experience watching the chefs and cooks prepare food for everyone in the restaurant (it's also slightly torturous, as you're left wondering "is that for us???"). Regardless, any table in the restaurant is worth having just to eat here.

While Vernick is definitely higher end, it's by no means a stuffy jacket/dress-only restaurant - the ambiance is warm yet lively, and the servers keep a watchful eye without being overbearing. Pacing was appropriate - never rushed, never lagging.

Vernick's focus is seasonal small plates, so expect fairly regular menu changes. I dined on a salad with a fried farm egg, grilled octopus with chickpeas, squid ink pasta, and Chilean sea bass with potato croquettes and mushrooms. Every dish was executed beautifully, and I left Vernick feeling satisfyingly full and happy.

If Michelin went through Philadelphia, I have no doubt that Vernick would hit honorable mention, if not 1-star; a James Beard finalist award will have to do in the meantime. It really is a special place that serves up a beautifully memorable dinner.
Honestly, it's got some of the best food I've ever eaten. 

My boyfriend and I came here on one of our nights in Philly to come and have a nice dinner. While we didn't eat their entrees, we had their small bites to eat for dinner, and by golly was it delicious. 

Ambiance: really quaint, romantic and overall cool vibe. They play live music in the downstairs area, which allows for bar seating as well as open front patio seating. However, to our benefit, we were seated upstairs right by the open window area so we had a great view of the street outside as well as far enough from the live music that we could both enjoy the music but not be too bothered with how loud it was. 

Service: was pretty impeccable. Our waiter was both distant and funny at the same time - just the right amount of care to make our dinner here worthwhile. 

Now on to the food: 
Uni with warm scrambled eggs: MUST HAVE. If you are even the smallest fan of Uni, you must have this dish. It is quite small but worth it to share. The Uni lies in a bed of yogurt and warmed scrambled eggs on the bottom. While the dish looks to have a small amount of Uni in it, I was surprised with how much was actually there. It was delicious, surprisingly so given I would never have imagined the tartness of the yogurt would go well with the creamy Uni and just eggs - but somehow they made it work. 

Foie gras on toast: so buttery, so delicious. It was the savory/ salty taste I needed. Absolute must get as well. 

Vegetarian lasagna: for a vegetable lasagna made purely of mushrooms and eggplants and all, it was surprisingly tasty, hearty and filling. While it wasn't my absolute favorite, it's a good portion for those who want to eat something that's all veggie.

Overall, it was a great restaurant and definitely worth it to come to.
Another wonderful dining experience in Philadelphia, and this one may be the best. I love the cozy warm atmosphere, the good energy of the young employees, the innovative menu and the excellent cocktails. Everyone was accommodating and friendly, even when I called for a solo table at the last minute. My server was really nice, knowledgeable about the menu, and efficient. Other servers brought me chef samples from the kitchen and helped with food and drinks - a real team. 

I chose the grilled romaine lettuce salad with figs and cheddar cheese -- I could have eaten two it was so good -- the black pepper cauliflower and the chili-glazed octopus. The cauliflower is a bit oily and heavy on the pepper, but I devoured it. The octopus is grilled and glazed with a sweet and spicy sauce that made it among the best I've tried. Everything I ate was spectacular, and there were so many other good options emerging from the kitchen that I know I will return.
Fresh ingredients, excellently prepared food, well-mixed drinks, and top-notch service make Vernick one of my favorite places in Philadelphia.  Now I know what all the hype is about.  Vernick stays busy for a reason.  

My husband and I were seated next to the chef's counter on the bottom floor in the back of the restaurant.  We received three amuse bouche from the kitchen throughout our meal, which was a nice touch. We ordered a lot of different small plates.  Here is the break down:

Potatoes with Shishitou Peppers - In all honesty I ordered this because of the shishitou (Japanese green bitter pepper), which is one of my favorite veggies ever.  However, the star here was the potatoes as they were perfectly crisp outside and fluffy inside.  Very simple, but very well executed and my husbands favorite dish of the evening.  

Oysters- Amazing!  I loved the vinegar sauce they came with the oysters were fresh and flavorful.

Roasted Half Chicken - Wow... now this was a chicken done right.  It was so juicy, tender, and flavorful.  The skin was crisp and well-seasoned.  It probably was the best roast chicken I've ever had.  It was also served with some shishitou.  Get it!

Maryland Crab on Toast - It was served cold, but the textures of this dish are really what made it memorable.  The sauce was creamy, the crab flaky, and the thinly sliced peppers on top were crisp.  It was different than I expected it to be, but I enjoyed it nevertheless.

Artic Char with Crispy Skin and Dill - I LOVED this!  The fish was fresh and flavorful and the crisp skin added interesting texture.  

Warm Ricotta cheese- Creamy and fresh.  Enjoyable, but not my favorite part of the meal.

Cardamom Date Cake with ice cream - Very sweet and rich, but with a nice spicy flavor.  I would have enjoyed it more if I wasn't so stuffed.  I usually don't like really sweet things, but this was good.

The drinks were also good, but I was so into the food they kind of fell into the background for me that evening. Chef Vernick was friendly and spoke to us briefly on our way out.  

 It takes a few months to get a table at Vernick at a reasonable hour, so start making your plans now.  It is most definitely worth the wait.  I visited a couple of months ago and I soon made another reservation to visit at the end of May. I am counting the days until I can have an awesome culinary experience again.
I arrived in Philadelphia with a list of a few places I really wanted to try. Vernick was one. A quick review of the menu online and I realized making a decision here was going to be the most difficult of the trip. These are the best kind of hard choices!

When I arrived very early, I was crestfallen. The bar was packed. I wasn't going to get in. Happily, the host asked if I'd like a seat at the kitchen window. It was a fortunate option. There was a lot of talent hard at work making plate after plate and I tried a number of them. The peppery asparagus cold soup was a delight as was the accompanying poppy seed muffin. Chorizo Verde was not what I imagined, but perfect. The Duck Breast was beautiful, with the greens just a touch on the salty side, however the blood orange and Chinese Apple slaw made up for it. Finally, a Pot de Creme that was luxurious. If the host hadn't said she needed the seat by 8:00, I might have ordered more ( maybe not!)

I worried that this place might suffer from too much praise. That wasn't the case. All was perfect and I'm glad I planned ahead and had dinner here. It was a real treat.
Vernick is everything everyone says it is and more.  When you make reservations (months in advance) for one of the top restaurant in a major city, you have expectations.  Vernick exceeded those. 

First of all, the service is stellar - we honestly spent 1/3 of our dinner commenting on how on point everyone was.  It was honestly like watching a well-orchestrated ballet.  Everyone was right where they needed to be, exactly when they needed to be there.  

When we walked in the door and "checked in" with the hostess, she immediately let us know our table wasn't ready just yet but that they had two seats available for us at the bar if we'd like to sit and enjoy a drink while we waited.  When our table was ready, a bit earlier than expected, they carried our drinks up for us and transferred our tab.  Impressive from the first second. 

Then there is the food - we are self-proclaimed foodies and almost every bite wow'ed us.  We honestly wished we had friends there just to share how good it all was!

We started off with the beef tartare and the striped jack.  The striped jack was easily one of our favorite dishes of the night.  The way the avocado and grapes played off of the jalapeno oil was perfection, sheer perfection.  In fact, I may make my guac with grapes and jalapeno oil from now on (if I can figure it out).  All of the flavors complimented the perfectly sliced striped jack in the most wonderful way.  On the other hand, the beef tartare (one of their toasts) was average.  I'm not sure if this is because we've had beef tartare plently of times before or if the striped jack just stole the show.  I didn't not like it, it just wasn't as memorable as the other plate that came in that course. 

Our next course was the highly recommended sea urchin with warm scrambled eggs.  I had never heard of anything like this and the flavor profile was intense.  This dish was very rich and decadent - I definitely recommend sharing - but everything layered so well.  The combination of the scrambled eggs (which were light and fluffy with the most wonderful flavor from the shrimp butter they were cooked in) with the yogurt and sea urchin made every bite a sensation.  

After our starters we moved to a small plate - the safe fazzoletti with duck prosciutto (+ apples and walnut pesto).  Why has no one ever made me duck prosciutto before?  The saltiness paired with the tart apples and nutty walnuts...More, please!  The pasta, housemade, was perfectly light and balanced out the other flavors in the dish with its basil and sage filling.  

Lastly, the wagyu beef ribs with hen of the woods.  Wow.  I tried the two sauces alone first and thought okay...then I tried the beef.  It had a gorgeous, salty crust on it.  It was borderline too salty, but not quite there (my husband, a somewhat salt fiend, thought it was perfect).  The seasoning and cook on the beef was amazing.  Then then you add the hen of the woods.  Why haven't I been eating these everyday?!  The mushrooms were the best I have ever had. THEN, it gets better, you combine a bit of everything and the sauces make so much more sense.  They complimented the meat and 'shrooms like it was their job. 

After our meal, the waitress surprised us with complimentary sparkling wine sine we were celebrating our 5th Anniversary - a lovely touch.  And we finished with dessert, the chocolate birch panna cotta.  This has aftertones of root beer in the most amazing way possible.  I'm not a root beer drinker, not really a root beer fan, but this.  This was chocolate birch perfection. 

If you can get a reservation, go.  It's well worth it.  The service is sublime and the food is a true conversation starter.  ENJOY!
Giving it five stars because I had dinner here with my boyfriend about five months ago and am still thinking about how wonderful it was, and also because the cocktail I had last night (the "Cranberry," a seasonal option) was outstanding. Reviewing now because I wandered in last night with a friend after her train home to NYC was delayed by over an hour and we spotted two empty seats at the bar through the window.  

Five stars because I found myself lusting after the food menu items even though we'd just finished a satisfying dinner, the bar is beautiful and stocked full of interesting elixirs, and the cocktails are creative and very well mixed.  My NYC friend, too, had eaten dinner here several months ago with other friends of hers who live in Philly, and we spent a couple minutes poring over the menu trying to recall what we'd each eaten and what offerings had rotated on and off since the late summer/early fall.

The only complaint I have is that our bartender seemed to have a couple of favorite "regulars" that she was more than happy to chat and laugh with, but she certainly did not go out of her way to be friendly to us at all.  She also randomly took my menu away at one point, which very nearly stopped me from ordering a second drink.  Perhaps she was annoyed that we did not order any food (especially since we spent a while discussing the food menu amongst ourselves)?  Most people at the bar appeared to order at least a toast if not more, and I understand that seats here are tough to snag.  But it left us feeling a bit unwelcome -- enough that it was the first comment my friend made after we settled up and walked out --which is not a great look for a place that is otherwise so perfectly polished.
Overview: One of the best restaurants in Philly, hands down. It's a deceptively large dining space that gets booked quickly so put your reservation about a week in advance. Wonderful selection of small plates, with a smaller selection of large plates. 

Tips: 1) Everything should be shared. Do not go to this restaurant only ordering for yourself. That would be doing a huge disservice to you and your dining mates. Discard your American eating habits at the door, and get ready to share some spit. It'll be well worth it. 

2) Have the host organize and cluster your dishes. They've done an excellent job each time and have paired everything very well. 

3) Rule of thumb is about 3/4 small plates per person. The large plates are about 2.5/3X the size of a small plate. 

4) Ask for some side bread. They toast up a wonderful sour dough which can be used with any dish on their menu, especially the eggs!

Enjoy!
Another perfect meal at a favorite neighborhood treasure. My friend and I went in without a reservation and sat at the bar. He had a margarita and I had a bourbon old fashioned, which really hit the spot on this cold night. 

We were presented a delicious seasonal amuse bouche of sweet potato soup with ginger creme fraiche. To start we shared a small plate of the raw, diced artic char with crispy skin and dill. It was so fresh, flavorful, and light - served with homemade crisps. Rarely do I see seared foie gras on a menu and so when I saw it on the special menu I had to indulge. The perfectly seared decadence  served with braised leeks and a chutney sauce. It was heavenly. My friend had never had it before and loved it also. For our large plates, he ordered the seared tuna which was light and wonderful, and beautifully fanned across the plate. And following my instinct to order delicacies not regularly available, I couldn't resist the sweetbreads. They were tender and perfectly cooked. What an indulgence to have foie gras and sweetbreads in one meal. Oh how I love this spot and their unique exquisite and delicious creations.
My dinner at Vernick was definitely the highlight of my culinary adventures in Philadelphia. I have been told that this is the place to be for casual fine dining and made a point to come check it out.

I was acknowledged right away upon entry and I sat myself at the bar for a refreshing Palomino cocktail as my aperitif. Two amuse bouches were complimentary to my order: A paella croquet with saffron aioli; and a chilled corn soup with lemon oil - both delicious. I was equally pleased with my foie gras toast, which had a nice blueberry compote and pickled blueberries on top.

My main dish of confit lamb with sliced peaches and jellied peaches was perhaps one of the lower points of the evening. While the lamb was extremely tender, it was oversalted, as were the pickled mustard seeds.

A dessert of mini brownies with dulce de leche icecream was the conclusion of my meal. While the brownie and the icecream itself were both delicious, the chocolate (?) crumble that sat underneath the icecream was overly hard and gave an unpleasant crunch to the dessert.

Overall, I thought the dishes were mostly well executed, albeit suffering just a tad from the tendency of American restaurants to over-salt ever so slightly for my palate.

Despite some of the little misses, I would still recommended a stop here.
Today's review of Vernick Food & Drink will be brought to you by the ghost of J.R.R. Tolkien. Enjoy.

It was on the 4th night of the month of November that I partook in food and drink from the place known as Vernick Food & Drink, a subtle restaurant decorated with dark hues and wood from the forests of Grenithall, where oaks are stout and strong, growing tall with green leaves that give the local people strength and courage. 

The menu's creativity was rife with magic and sorcery, strength and whimsy. The beef tartare, served over delicious toast, enraptured my tastebuds with the delicate taste of beef and horseradish. It has not been since the age of Teldorian that such a subtle flavor has met mine mouth. I was thankful that I could perceive it.

The height of Vernick's rouguelike cleverness came in the form of the house made mozzerella with mango and sea salt. This dish would hewn my expectations down, leaving them gasping and breathless, seeking strength in hope and finding despair in futility. It was delicious, something akin to a dish I once had when visiting Derahad, the dragonborn, lord of the westlands who wore a great golden helm. Upon that great helm was fastened the jewel of the four princes and it gave him power beyond his control. 

The tuna poke had more sway on me than the one, it- 

Boooooooo! What is this? Betrayal!

---

Ok I had to send his ghost back. This was getting ridiculous.

Get these items - beef tartare, mozzarella with mango and sea salt, tuna poke, potato ravioli, brussels sprouts salad.
Last minute reservations on a Thursday night offered a table either too early or later than what we really wanted but we're so glad we took the 5pm opening.  I thought we might be the only ones eating that early but there were at least another 3 tables taken and by 6 or so many more were filled.  We can see why.

The space itself is very comfortable and the staff very friendly.  Heather, our server, was both informative and a lot of fun.

There were 3 of us, so we got a chance to sample a variety of things - every one was a hit, from the special black squid-ink seafood pasta, to the chilled watermelon salad to the Fromage Blanc Toast.

Although the entrees were all exceptionally good, I think mine "won" - it being the Steamed Halibut surrounded by a fantastic basil broth, which was poured table-side.  Next in line was the Black Sea Bass, followed by the Pork Blade Steak.

The Saison Dupont beer, in a champagne-sized bottle, went great with both the fish & meat.  A drink you don't see too often, a Pimm's Cup, was also enjoyed with dinner.

So with the above drinks, a shared delicious parfait and 2 Cappuccino's, the bill with tip came to around $75 per person.

We are looking forward to dining here again but won't wait until the last minute to get a reservation.
Review Summary - Ambience: 5/5  Food: 5/5   Service: 5/5

Buckle up for another rave review of this place. 

The food was SO delicious. I came here with a friend who was a four-time Vernick veteran, and he picked out what he thought were the best things on the menu. He must have done a great job because a few minutes after placing our order the waiter came back to tell us that the chef "loved our order" and gave us a complimentary dish as a result (to this day I am not sure if this was the real deal or just a marketing ploy, but I'd like to think it was the former ;) ). 

We ordered the Sea Urchin with Raw Scrambled Eggs, Arctic Char Crispy Skin & Dill, 28oz. Dry Aged Bone-in Strip Loin, and one other dish that escapes me. If you've had a look at the menu you might notice that most of these dishes are appetizers, but with the two extra complimentary dishes we got from the kitchen, and the ENORMOUS strip loin, it was more than enough for the three of us. 

Needless to say the service was great. The waiters are all witty and helpful, they really bring out their personalities at work and I think that's fantastic. Overall, a MUST TRY!!
When visiting my friend in Philadelphia, we planned for a big night on the town starting with a dinner at Russet. When we got a call from Vernick about spot opening up at the chef's table minutes before our afternoon train into Center City, though, we had no problem running back to the car to chuck our BYO bottle. We're going to Vernick, baby.

When we arrived for our reservation at 6:30, we found ourselves waiting by the door for a good 10 minutes as there was some kind of seating snafu. I took some time to look at the bustling front space. The flat screen TV blaring sports somewhat mitigates the clean elegance of the bar.

When we were finally seated, we found ourselves with a prime view of the kitchen. The guy working immediately in front of us was on mushroom toast duty, but we could see a lot of cool stuff happening, including tweezing herbs onto crudos.

I wish we had been more hungry, as the menu is big and tempting, but our visit was a little too close to our Reading Terminal Market trip. We opted for smaller plates over entrees to try to sample more of the menu.

Our meal started with a tasty little soup amuse. Our first dish ended up being the black trumpet mushroom and miso eggplant toast ($16), which was substantial and so, so good. Such a deep umami flavor from the mushrooms and roasted eggplant. Great charred bread. If you wanted to fill up here, I would recommend getting the toasts-- they all look tasty, the portion is big, and the price isn't bad.

Next up was a special pasta ($20something?) with squid. There was both a slightly spicy tomato-based sauce and a refreshing, slightly salty foam. This was good, but not as special as its presentation.

At the same time, we received the sea urchin with warm scrambled eggs ($17). This was presented in a sea of yogurt, which wasn't mentioned (my companion is lactose-intolerant). The uni was good quality and so soft and sweet, but I didn't think the dish worked. Something about the warm scrambled eggs and the plain tart yogurt... it was three contrasting flavors that failed to mix, and three soft textures that were unsettling together. Surprised that this appears to be a signature dish for them when the execution was so off. Just too rich to enjoy.

Next, and probably my favorite dish, was the striped jack crudo ($17). The plating is classic nouvelle cuisine, but every component of it shined. You could taste the grilling in the grilled jalapeno oil, vegetal but not spicy, and the dots of avocado were as bright and fruity as they looked. The fish was lovely, and its soft texture worked well with the contrasts on the plate. 

We finished off with a panna cotta which was tasty but unexceptional.

I'm going to give a special shoutout to the drink program here. Very tasty cocktail menu, with everything that I want to drink. I had 'Til The Money Runs Out ($14) and it goes on my shortlist for best drinks of 2018 thus far. Pineapple gin, chartreuse, egg white, lime, bubbles... fizzy and tropical and a little bit herbal. I could drink twenty of these, but I'm glad I didn't as it packed a punch despite the light taste.

Wine list was also strong. On the recommendation of our waitress, I had a glass of German orange wine from Enderle and Moll ($16) that was complex but not bracing, exactly what I look for in natural wines.

Service at the host stand was again complicated as we gave them our coat check tickets which then got lost... so we ended up waiting 15 minutes again in a busy space. And missing our Uber. Not great, though they recognized that they messed it up. Service at the table was good and on top of it. Pacing was decent and we ended up spending about 2.5 hours here, largely at our own option. Watching the kitchen is a special experience.

Damages were not bad... about $115 for two of us pre-tax and -tip (so a small meal and a drink for each person). I think likely that this is one of the better spots in Philly but I didn't have enough to see the full talents of the kitchen. I'm dinging them on two rich seafood dishes that should've been home runs but failed to deliver. I would be happy to return and give them another shot.
We managed to get a last-minute reservation here back in June and I am so glad we did. Vernick was an amazing dining experience and I'd love to go back someday.

First of all, they started us off with a small cup of green soup and a little cornbread puff. I always appreciate when high-end restaurants give their guests a taste or a starter, because it shows that you're also paying for experience and great attention in addition to excellent food. These were both yummy, and light, serving to get us excited about our meal to come without filling us.

We started off with a few toasts, and people are not exaggerating about toast goodness here. I was nearly brought to tears by the fromage blanc and scape toast, and you would never believe how fresh and sweet English peas could taste. I gladly would have eaten the bread alone, because it was great, but the toppings were so interesting, yet simple. The meal, however, did not end with toast (although honestly I would go back just for that).

Upon recommendation by the staff, we ordered a few small plates and one large one. I don't remember all of the exact dishes we ordered, so forgive me if I get a few wrong, as the menu has changed. The special for the day was a pasta shaped a bit like a stereotypical candy -- I believe the shape is called a caramelle -- and filled with a delicious beef filling, with a blueberry sauce. I was pretty skeptical about blueberries in savory dishes as the only times I'd had that combination before, it was not good. Of course, that wasn't the case here; the flavors provided interesting contrast but in an enjoyable way. Squid ink pasta with lobster also came out this round, and even though I don't like lobster, I found myself reaching for another bite, a true testament to the flavors achieved.

Our next round saw the rest of our dishes -- a duck sausage, a potato pavé, and the branzino. All of these were good, but I have to highlight the potato pavé. The sauce was out of this world, and the potato was packed so thinly, which helped it get to that perfect texture of crispy on the outside, but soft and warm and pull-apart-able on the inside.

Finally, we of course couldn't skip dessert. It was my birthday dinner, so I got the blueberry pie, and yes, I did eat the whole thing. Despite being a freaking personal pie, it was incredibly light, which was kind of a theme through the meal; I'm guessing that comes from the seasonal attention to ingredients.

Overall, even if all you get is toast, Vernick is definitely worth the hype if you can get a reservation.
My boyfriend and I came here for a quick birthday dinner on a Wednesday night. I called Vernick at 8pm for a reservation that same night at 9pm and I was accommodated!! 

We started with a complimentary sweet potato soup which was delicious. We shared the trout salad, house made spaghetti and the sea bass. While I was devouring (read: literally inhaling every last piece of) the fresh spaghetti, my boyfriend was almost licking the sea bass sauce off the plate. He also loved the trout salad but I wasn't too crazy about it: the salad was good, but I think I just don't like salty trout. We really want to come back for the assortment of toasts they have! 

Everyone at Vernick, from the receptionist to the manager (I think?) to our waitress were exceptionally attentive and charming. I think this restaurant has the best service in all of Philly. They will make you feel very at-home, and you will walk away feeling full, happy, and excited to return to Vernick!
Incredible food and service.  We sat at the chef's table downstairs and watched all the dishes being made.  Everything seemed amazing.  I especially liked the toasts (#1 was the beef tartar, and then the mushroom/eggplant).  The downside is the high price point.  Given the small plates and desire to try everything, we're talking at least $100 per head with a couple of drinks.  But I would put this on par with NYC fine dining which deserves the price premium.  Plus every single employee there was fantastic, including the chefs who entertained all of our incessant questions.  Be sure to book far in advance.
I was very excited to try out Vernick as my accompanying friend had very positive experiences with the place. Unfortunately, we both felt very underwhelmed about our Tuesday night dinner.

Overzealous Charring: 
The toasts under our beef tartare was not charred, but burnt. I really do mean that the entire surface was black. The grilled octopus, while still tender, also had way too much of the crispy, burnt surface. 

Overseasoned: 
The uni with soft scrambled eggs and our arctic char were rather spicy and salty. Note that the uni and arctic char were RAW -- if I order something raw, I want to taste that fresh, raw ingredient. It's a waste to drown that freshness with spices. Especially for a potent taste like uni, you don't really need much else in pumping the flavor profile.

Overall, very fussy preparation that ruined the quality sourced ingredients. I would give this place a 0.5 star more for the accommodating server who was thoughtful on how to bring our order and took off a couple of dishes that we barely touched.
Oh man. It would've been a grave injustice to every nibble and morsel to stop eating, so we kept ordering at dinner tonight. And I regret none of it! This was as pretty close to my heaven as possible. Despite overeating, I'd do it again tomorrow night. And the next. And the next. It was that incredible. 

I'd tell you what we had, but it'd be moot because: you need to carve your own gastronomical journey, we pretty much ordered the entire menu, and one most assuredly cannot go wrong at this restaurant. 

Now what are you waiting for? Run! Save the walking for after you've eaten as much as we did here. (It was more of a saunter.)
One of the BEST restaurants in US! 
Ambiance great, service amazing and food was perfect!!! 
Crab toast was so well balanced with all the flavors and the amazing toast itself. 
Squid ink pasta with lobster and fennel was amazing! A little spicy, the perfect pasta texture and nice amount of lobster.
THE CHICKEN: you really must try it!! I judge people who order chicken coz..who orders that in a nice restaurant?!? But trust me, you will never get such an amazing moist juicy flavorful chicken in your life!!! That's because you won't brine it, steam it, inject it with the brine and roast it with so much butter and herbs..and you probably don't have a wood oven either! 
Chanterelle tart: it was good but not my favorite. Maybe I'd have tried the cauliflower that looked amazing. 
Macaroon with passion fruit sorbet and chocolate cream. Really good!! All the textures and flavors paired perfectly!!!! Nice size too!
We celebrated my husband's birthday at Vernick Food & Drink last night and it was the best time. As voiced by many fellow yelpers, the service here is pretty great, but it is slow. The food here is freaking amazing and they've got a very interesting and well curated wine list. 

One particular wine caught our eye and it was the 2015 Otskhanuri Sapere from the country of Georgia. Georgian wine is not easily found and the grape used to make Otskhanuri Sapere is a very rare grape. Having tasted the wine, it was rich, earthy - honestly quite lovely even if it didn't go with our food pairings! We just had to have it!

We started dinner off with the foie gras toast and sea urchin with warm scrambled eggs. The foie gras toast was heavenly. The portions were so generous. I could eat that all day. The sea urchin with scrambled eggs had three layers of: scrambled eggs, shrimp butter, a yogurt, and then topped with sea urchin. We were instructed to scoop from the bottom so you get all the layers when eating it. It was warm, creamy, briny and oh so delicious. 

Then we had the squid ink sorpresine with tuna bolognese. It was a well put together dish, though I have to say it was on the salty side. 

Our final dish was the roasted branzino stuffed with fennel and orange. An absolute stunning dish. The fish was nicely charred and already deboned. We ate half of it and decided to pack the rest to go as we wanted to save some room for dessert.

For dessert, my husband and I shared the meyer lemon tart and the dark chocolate cookies. Our server brought out the lemon tart with a birthday candle on it since we were celebrating his birthday. Aside from making it known that we were celebrating a birthday on the questionnaire on Vernick's online reservation platform, I wasn't able to leave any instructions to bring dessert out with a candle. So I am really glad they did that.

Overall, the food was phenomenal and the staff was very nice and professional. We can't wait to come back.
Amazing food!! We had a beef tartar toast, Parmesan dish with artichokes and the veal for mail. All of them outstanding. If I had to rank the dishes, then I would say that Parmesan dish was my most favorite and veal was the least favorite. But again, all 3 of them were outstanding. For desert we had chocolate layered cake that was disappointing. It was not bad, just nothing special. I just expected that given the amazing food, the desert will be better.


Make sure to either make a reservation or come in early as we saw a lot of people who weren't able to get a table due to a long wait.
2 tips:
  1- Don't try and book on OpenTable, just call the restaurant.  The hostess told me they only book a few early and late tables on OpenTable.  
  2- Maryland Crab Toast!  Order it!!

I came to Vernick in 2012 for a quick glass of wine and the crab toast.  I have been talking about the crab toast ever since- it blew me away!  I moved away and came back and spent way too long trying to get a reservation on OpenTable before I just called and got an 8pm dinner reservation for last night.  Well, the crab toast is still delicious- fresh crab, well seasoned, on delicious toasted bread.  We almost ordered a 2nd.

We started with a thimble of creamy mushroom soup and a small roll, a gift from the kitchen which certainly whet our appetite.  We then had my beloved crab toast, the romaine salad, which was accompanied by another gift from the kitchen- an earthy mushroom salad.  Our next course was sage pasta with duck prosciutto- it was really different, kind of a deconstructed ravioli, really nice.

Our mains were the stars (after the toast).  The man had the delicious pork chops served over a tangy carrot mustard wasabi puree.  He's a lover of pork chops and orders it our frequently- and this was one we'd order again!  I had the halibut which was hard to describe- I don't want to say rich because it wasn't heavy but had a smoothness and was really beautifully cooked.  It was served with a salty mushroom consume and parmesan foam- it looked very modern but was really savory and satisfying.

Dessert: The mini-brownie and the chocolate mousse.  Both were an sweet end to a delicious savory meal. Don't stay on the surface with this mousse- there is a fantastic peanut butter crispy fudge like layer under the mousse and beautiful lacy cookie, so dive right in!

Service: Really great!  Bustling staff, lots of refills, knew the menu well and could make recommendations.

Ambiance:  I love an open kitchen.  It was refined but still warm and friendly.

Drinks: Great cocktail and wine list, and certainly some wines I wan't familiar with that were fun to try.

Overall: I've heard from many people that this is one of the best restaurants in Philly and I would agree!  I've heard rave reviews about the Venison, tartare and scallop ceviche that I may try in the future.
Best restaurant in Philly hand down! The crab toast is amazing as well as the broccoli toast. The appetizers are always changing. love the beets and the grilled romaine. For entrees it's all about the chicken. I am not a huge meat eater and I never order chicken out but the first time I went here I tried just about every item on the menu. I find myself craving this chicken, so I have to get It every time. If you are lucky enough to visit when blueberry pie is on the menu PLEASE order It! You will thank me
Welcome to the neighborhood, neighbor!

I've been three times and enjoyed my experience all three times. 

The first was when they first opened any things were a little slower.  I ordered a Pim's cup - which is unlike any Pim's I've had before and unlike any alcoholic beverage I've had before.  These cups of joy taste great and I think could be dangerous. 

Over my three visits I'll give you the run down on what we've ordered.
- Beef Tartare with Fresh Horseradish on Toast: this was a great amount of fresh beef that the whole table loved (all three times) if you like meat and are comfortable eat fresh raw beef... don't pass this up. Get it! I believe I've uploaded a pic.
- Maryland crab on Toast: I love this, I think there is a generous portion of crab and the thin thin slice of Jalapeno with whatever sauce or mayo that is between the crab and toast goes perfectly. I believe I've uploaded a pic.
- House Made Mozzarella, Rhubarb Jam and Sea Salt: Wow this is the standout shocker for me.  I wasn't thinking much of it when we ordered but my oh my is it good.  I believe I've uploaded a pic.  I wasn't too sure of rhubarb.  It comes in my CSA every other week and I usually give it away since I don't know the point of it... I now know! 
- Hamachi, Grapefruit & Jalapeno:  The table liked this.  I thought it was good.
- Artic Char, Crispy Skin & Lemon: This is the only dish I wouldn't order again.  Not because it wasn't good or made the way I believe Vernick intends for it to be made... it just wasn't for me.  I like Artic Char and raw doesn't usually turn me away.  For this, I think I like my Artic Char cooked.
- Dressed Beets: Beets are always great.  How could you go wrong? Well you can't.
- Grilled Shrimp and Avocado Salad with Sweet Chili Dressing: This is great (better than Parc's) I really liked this.  Although I think three shrimp was a little skimpy... four would have been perfect. 
- Seafood and Shellfish Roast: Yum.  I thought this was a great dish to share.  A generous amount of assorted fish, shellfish, potatoes, etc.   I can't remember if there was bread served with this to grab all the juice... boy those Pim's were good!


I'll be back, several times over.  I was impressed that on my first seating here when the owner stopped by to see how we liked it.  It's a new restaurant in town and he wanted to know our honest opinions.  This is amazing. This is what restaurants should do! Cheers to you!

Vernick since about the week it's opened has been lively and bumping with hip people.  I'm very proud of my neighborhood and I glad welcome you to the area.  I'm sure I'll be in to see you weekly.  


Also everytime I've been in we've had two or so dishes brought to the table on the chef/house.  One was a raspberry soup, once a sweet pea soup, and a few assorted other items... i don't know how long this will last or if it's a staple.
FINALLY got to dine at Vernick's! I spent weeks waking up super early to try and get a 6:30-7:30 reservation to no avail (they only allow reservations 60 days in advance). I finally caved and settled for 5:45 reservation on a Friday night (still 60 days out though). It was well worth the wait; this meal was fantastic!!!

There are two sections of the restaurant - the bar area and the dining area. Each area could probably seat about 25 people (which explains why it's so hard to get a reservation). The dining area is very small and romantic with an open-kitchen concept.

The menu has a lot of unique dishes, so we decided to order multiple smaller dishes to share rather than two entrees. The menu is broken down into five categories: On Toast, Raw, Vegetables, Small Plates, and Large Plates. 

From the On-Toast section we ordered the broccoli with bacon jam and a lobster/celery/avocado special. I didn't try the broccoli one because I don't eat meat, but my boyfriend loved it. The lobster/celery/avocado one was delicious and actually quite large.

From the Raw section we ordered arctic char with crispy skin and the sea urchin with warm scrambled eggs. I would recommend both. The sea urchin probably isn't for everyone - especially those who don't like different textures - but I enjoyed it.

From the Vegetables section we ordered the black-pepper cauliflower and the potato pavé. Both were amazing, and I'm not usually a potato person. I would definitely order both again.

From the Small Plates section we ordered the tuna with mint and the duck prosciutto. Again, I don't eat meat, so I didn't try the prosciutto, but my boyfriend loved it. The tuna was the best I've ever had; high quality with the sides seared every-so slightly. The pepper on the sides and the creamy mint concoction on the side really elevated the dish - this one was the clear favorite for both of us. 

I already made a reservation to come back in another two months!!! I believe they change the menu frequently, so I'm excited to try some new dishes next time!
This place is as good as it gets!  Sit at the chefs counter or the bar and take it all in.  I suggest going early (They open at 4:30pm, and doing a sit in.  Order one app, then one drink, and keep going from there.  The food was ridiculous.  Steak Tartar Toast, Peas and Bacon....  Honestly, they made things that sounded sort of boring, taste amazing.  The drinks are top notch as well.  Wines and beers on point, but their bartenders really shine in their craft cocktails.   A+
Outstanding execution and inventive flavor profiles.

Ordered the Sea Urchin and Scrambled Eggs, Rabbit Pappardelle, and Cocoa-Encrusted Lamb.

The Sea urchin and eggs had an incredible flavor profile. The server instructed me to get a scoop with all three layers: uni, shrimp butter, and eggs. The flavors are insanely deep, marine, and intricate. The uni is sweet and briny, some of the freshest I've ever had. The shrimp butter is cool and lightly savoury. The eggs are so smooth and creamy. They are almost a sauce vs an egg. More like the style of eggs made by Gordon Ramsay.

The star of the pappardelle dish was the fresh pasta and butter sauce. The pasta is very fresh with a doughy and floury taste built to absorb buttery sauces. The rabbit was well executed, but didn't bring interesting flavor to the dish. 

The cocoa encrusted lamb was perfectly executed to medium rare. The exterior was crispy. I enjoyed the dish, but found the cocoa crust to be too powerful for the lamb, which was lean and light on flavor. The lamb neck was the best of this dish. It was fatty, tender, and full of lamb-like savour. 

The service was friendly and helpful. However, the course timing and replenishment of drinks/plate clearing was slower than I'd expect at Philly Mag's top restaurant. 

The experience at Vernick was excellent from start to finish. Dishes were interesting, well executed, and balanced flavors well. Definitely check it out.
Oh, Vernick. TAKE ALL OF MY MONEY. Yes, it's that good, my favorite restaurant! The best combination of unique dishes and flavors. 

The service could have been better as we asked to switch tables but were denied without any visible attempt to accomoddate. We watched multiple tables sit open through the meal. The staff did not make attempts to explain the dishes but rather seemed rushed to take the order. That being said, the food makes up for anything lost in service. Get the uni and crab toast. Get anything. You will not be disappointed.
A billion percent delicious. A little heavy on the salt. Perfect service. If you need a place that will nail it for a special occasion, this is it.
Alright, it's official. Vernick is currently my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  From the amazing food and perfectly mixed drinks to the excellent service and great seating options, I can't get enough of Vernick.  If I was rich, I do believe I would dine here every week.  

My last meal here was just as delicious as my first.  This time it was my husband's birthday and I'd requested on our Open Table reservation to be seated on the second floor by the window since we had been seated by the kitchen during our last visit.  They granted our request and it was lovely because the window was open since the weather was gorgeous.  We had a nice view of the street below.  Sitting downstairs is great too because you get a view of the action in the kitchen, and I highly recommend that as well.  It just depends on what kind of experience you're in the mood for.  

I ordered a punch to start.  It was a special created for that day with lemongrass, coconut milk, vanilla, and some other ingredients I can't recall.  It was creamy, refreshing, and well-balanced like a punch should be.  I was much more impressed with the drinks this time than last time. I think I ordered better since I asked a lot more questions.  I also tried a milk punch that had apparently been around since Ben Franklin's Day.  It was strong and complex with layers of spice in it and not what I was expecting, but I liked it.  

Carrot soup with a small cracker was brought out as an amuse bouche.  It was creamy and very flavorful.  I usually am not too crazy about cooked carrots, but that was really good.

It's hard not to order the same things when they were so good the first time.  We decided to try all new dishes with the exception of the half roasted wood-oven chicken and crispy potatoes with shishitou (small Japanese green peppers) that were so amazing last time.  If you go here, ordering these is a must!  The chicken has flavor like you wouldn't believe, and the potatoes are crisp and cooked to perfection.  

The first of the new dishes we ordered was the poke.  The poke here was better than the poke I had in Hawaii.  No joke.  I was impressed.  The quality of the raw tuna and the combination of the seaweed and crispy macadamia nuts makes for an excellent starter.  

The mackerel ceviche with coconut milk and avocado ceviche that was on special was different from any ceviche I'd ever had.  It was creamy due to the coconut milk and it also had more liquid than I was used to, and was more like a cool Thai curry.   

The fromage blanc and pickled ramps on toast has layers of flavor.  The cheese is so creamy while the ramps are crisp and a little tart, and the savory leeks placed on finish off this magic combo.  

This was the first time I'd ordered pasta here, and it surely will not be the last.  It was an egg fettuccine with spring onions, peas, and morel mushrooms.  The morels were extremely flavorful and the texture of the pasta was perfect. The peas were super fresh. We couldn't get enough of this dish!

For dessert I had the Panna Cotta with Apricots. It was fresh, creamy, and slightly sweet, with a tart fruit sauce that complimented it well.  It was topped with two little meringues and had little cookie pieces sprinkled on top as well.  My husband ordered a dessert drink.  It was fizzy and creamy at the same time and almost like an alcoholic old fashioned soda.  

I can't wait to go back to Vernick again.  It's not a cheap night out, but everything is so good that it's worth it!  Remember to make a reservation way ahead of time because this is popular spot in the city.
I have met many a bartender over the years, and I have met a handful of "mixologists".  I have met people that call themselves mixologists that I consider bartenders, and last night I met a bartender that I would consider a mixologist.  Miss Latiffa works her magic behind the bar at Vernick, alongside Vincent.  I thoroughly enjoyed watching her work in what I would call refined simplicity.  She stirred, shook, mixed a drizzled her way through a wide variety of libations with efficiency.  She wasn't rushed and didn't hurry, but she kept up with the demands and still found time to banter with the clientele sitting at the bar.  One key clue to her talent, the different way she would shake depending on the purpose of the shaking - to mix, to chill, or to serve another purpose.  Most bartenders shake everything the same, she has a full variety.  I enjoyed the show.

Oh, and btw, the food is fantastic.  Vernick was highly recommended by the bartender at the Le Meridian, and it did not disappoint.  I started with the complimentary shot of tasty tomato bisque, then moved on to the Arctic Char from the raw section of the menu - excellent.  After that was the Steak Tartare on toast from the "Toast" section of the menu - I thought I was having a MO (mouth orgasm).  Finally I had the small plate special of the day, wild mushrooms with a small battered egg on top - another wonderful dish.

The interior is well done.  There are 3 separate and distict areas.  The front is the bar area with a decent sized L shaped bar and a handful of tables - fun and vibrant.  The back has a casual dining room with views of the kitchen - loud and chaotic with the sounds of cooking and the wait staff rushing back and forth.  Upstairs features a more upscale dining room - a little quieter with softer lighting.

Rarely do I give a 5 star review after a single visit, usually waiting to see if they deliver with consistency.  But in this case I am confident that my next experience there will be just as great.
Vernick is one of those place that looks to and definitely impresses in every aspect of the dining experience.  

From the start, I walked in without a reservation and was given a wait time that ultimately was not very long at all.  All told, I waited for less than 10 minutes, enough time to review the menu and come to some ideas on dinner.  I was warmly suggested to wait next to the bar seating area next to a candle light with a menu in hand.

Once I sat down, I was again warmly greeted by the server and asked what I wanted to drink.  We discussed dinner options and settled on the Warm Scrambled Eggs with Uni, a Hamachi Crudo, and the Roasted Half Chicken.

Before the Warm Scrambled Eggs with Uni arrived, an Amuse Bouche soup in mini shot glass was a refreshing start to what was to come.

The Warm Scrambled Eggs with Uni was nicely prepared although under seasoned.  Don't get me wrong, I can appreciated the effort involved in the making of the dish, I enjoy soft curds on my own and know how painstakingly slow the process is to make soft egg curds.  The texture of the eggs were spot on, the creme fraiche was creamy and the Uni on top was fresh.  I think the Uni was expected to offer more flavor to the dish but just couldn't, or the flavor was just too subtle given the lack of seasoning in the eggs and creme fraiche.  Even so, like I said, I can certainly appreciate the effort.

The Hamachi crudo in contrast to the first selection was awesome and didn't lack for flavor at all.  It was beautifully plated and one of the suggested options by the server.  

Finally the Roasted Chicken came as advertised to round out the meal.  Even the half portion was definitely a large enough to be split by two.  The techniques used to roast the chicken clearly represented in the fact that the generally drier parts of the breast meat were impressively juicy.  The side potatoes that accompanied the chicken was perfectly roasted as well.  Both the chicken and the potatoes were seasoned well.  Needless to say after finishing the roasted chicken there was no room for anything else.  

From start to finish, the entire experience was outstanding from the initial greeting to the final goodbye as I was leaving.  This was one of the best experiences that Philly has to offer for sure.
Stylish Place.
Very Accommodating staff.

Now onto the FOOD...

Maryland Crab on Toast.
Arctic Char/Crispy Skin/Dill.
Beets/Sheep's Milk Ricotta.
Mushroom Salad/Crispy Egg/Frisee/Porcini Cream. (Disappointing... I think they mistakenly went a little too heavy handed with the salt. It could have been a hit if it weren't for the mishap. No harm, no foul.)
Warm Parmesan Custard/Caramelized Baby Artichokes.
Roasted Organic Amish Chicken/Lemon & Herb Jus.

I would say that the two dishes that we really REALLY LOVED were the Crab on Toast & the CHICKEN!!
THEE dish I would UNDOUBTEDLY return for is the CHICKEN!! OMG!!
JUICY & TENDER and Seasoned PERFECTLY!!
The BEST Roasted CHICKEN I have EVER HAD!!
My mouth is watering just thinking about that CHICKEN!!
There is NOTHING like it!!
I can't even believe Roasted Chicken like that EXISTS!! 
So darn good...
I went to Vernick with my in-laws for my MIL's bday. We had a reservation for 8:30 but we arrived about ten minutes early and got a drink at the bar. I highly recommend their cocktails - I had the Old Cuban, which is Vernick's take on a mojito. It was one of the best cocktails I have had in a looong time. The bartender was great - quick on service and cheerily answered my FIL's questions about the different types of bitters they use. 

To start we had a salad- the special (a strawberry goat cheese) which was eh, seemed like a salad you could get anywhere. However, the crispy and creamy mozzarella plate was amazing. I considered snatching it away and hiding in a corner to eat it by myself - Gollum style - but I luckily wasnt quite drunk enough yet to do that. I'm a gluten free vegetarian so I didnt have the peas and bacon on toast, but I was assured it was excellent in a want-to-steal-it-away manner. We also got the grilled icerberg salad, which was great as long as you got a bite of everything on your fork (fig, cheese, etc), otherwise it was just nicely charred lettuce. 

The chef offered to make me a special plate, which I appreciated. However - and this is the reason I am withholding a star - it wasnt clear from what the waitress described that he was basically going to make me a roasted veggie plate. I was a little disappointed - no rice or anything else - just a plate of veggies. Delicious veggies, but I expected more...

The fam loved the whole roasted chicken and fish of the day. Had an excellent dark chocolate cake for dessert (well, I just had the frosting) and without any prompting, the waitress thoughtfully included a candle for the bday. Overall, a very satisfying meal.
I love coming here. I live right around the corner and usually I think of it too late to make reservations so my fiance and I usually sit at the bar. Food is delicious every time we go, and staff are always really friendly and knowledgeable.
This place was amazing! I've had my eyes on this place, and decided to go this past Saturday night. We arrived around 9:00 pm with no reservation. We waited about 40 minutes to be seated. We were accomodated with seats at the Chefs Counter as the table wait was taking longer than expected. I actually enjoyed the experiencing of watching the food prep at the counter. I'd request seating here again.

We started with the maryland crab on toast. Delish!!!! The chef then sent us out 2 cups of tomato soup on the house. I'm not a tomato soup fan, but OMG this soup was amazing!!!! I will definately order that on our next visit!

I had the baked half chicken which was cooked to perfection! My husband had the sea bass which was amazing fresh and moist! We also order the peppered califlower and seasoned greens on the side. Both were great,

Service was top notch!

Nice intimate dining experience. Will definately return.
The evening was outstanding! This restaurant receives 5 stars even with some minor issues. 
The first greeting was warm. But, we were asked to wait at the bar because our seats were not ready. We were 10 minutes early. We did not want to order drinks yet, so we said we would just wait. Then when the awkward feeling started to creep in we said we would sit outside. Magically our table was ready on the 2nd floor. Which made me scratch my head, plenty of open tables, why make us wait at all? The only thing I could think was they were trying to push bar orders. 

We got a great seat by the windows. I ordered a mixed drink that was strong and flavorful. It was something to sip slowly. It came quickly. 
The wait staff was efficient, not obtrusive in any way. But, it appears you must have tattoos. I think all but one or two did. But, service was outstanding. 
The food, what we came for was outstanding.
We first received an amuse bouche of a finger sized corn cake and a melon juice. 
I ordered a Steak Tar Tar for an appetizer. And it was a profound course. It just oozed with flavor. The horseradish did not overwhelm the flavors of the steak and cheese. It complimented every bite. It was just a subtle undertone. 
My wife ordered Artichoke with an aioli with Saffron. It was mustard yellow. My wife devoured the course. I had a bite to see what it was like. The aioli was creamy and spicy. She received one head of Artichoke that had been grilled. 
The second course was well timed and not rushed at all. Another mark of a good restaurant is not sending one course after another or with a course still on table. 
I ordered the warm parmesian custard. It was out of this world delicious. So many subtle flavors that came out of the dish. The cheese, chanterelles,  pesto, balsamic vinegar, radish, etc. It just all blended and flavors just exploded at different intervals. I think this is one of those courses that will stay with you, it was that good. 
My wife had a special Dorade with a coconut and asparagus sauce. Expertly prepared and delicious. I had a bite and it was wonderful.

The main dish we had a special of the night of slow roasted pork belly and tenderloin.
It was well prepared and delicious. And clearly a course for sharing, we had trouble eating it all. The pork was tender. The peach and other items helped make it more interesting. 
We would have liked the pork fat to be a little crispy, it was very tender and my wife did not like the fatty nature of it. 
Dessert I ordered a blueberry pie. You receive a round personal pie. It was a large portion and my wife had some, even though she indicated she wanted no dessert. It was tart and sweet and a good end of the evening. 
By this point, my wife was itching to go. She found the wood chairs uncomfortable after a couple of hours sitting. 
So, this tells you how good this food is. The couple of minor issues really did not affect the rating.
Plain and simple top 3 restaurant in Philadelphia hands down! 
 The food here is simply amazing. Such fresh ingredients with amazing flavor. I ordered the brisket special and never in my life have I had such a tender flavorful piece of red meat. Sooo good. Also tried a couple of the toasts my favorite was the avocado and radish
 Ambiance is nice. Nothing really fancy just a clean restaurant with great service. If in the city of Philadelphia add this restaurant to your must try
Had an excellent meal at the bar here at Vernick.  The food was excellent on each plate that I sampled.  Wine list is really good too with several excellent choices by the glass.  Service was super friendly and fast.  I would definitely come back here for a meal.  The cooking here is sophisticated and modern.  Lots of deliciousness coming out of the kitchen.
Made a reservation here months in advance but when we showed up on a weeknight around 6:30, there was ample seating at the bar. 

Really enjoyed the fromage and kumquat toast, the cheese was creamy similar to a burrata texture and well seasoned. The crab toast had too much oil, wasn't seasoned, and I just didn't care for the overall taste. 

For the vegetable dishes, I really enjoyed the potato pave and artichokes, but could have done without the eggplant. 

The chicken was huge, juicy, and paired deliciously with the hot sauce. It was served with grilled peppers and endive. 

The waiter paired all of our food together and brought it out in 3 courses. There was a shot of soup served before the meal that was delicious but the flavor is escaping me

Dessert was  salted brownie with dolce de leches ice cream and the ice cream of the day, chocolate praline. Also ordered the cherry fennel ice cream which I wasn't a fan of. 

The price for all of the food mentioned above was only $60 per person (without alcohol) which is extremely reasonable for a filling and satisfying 4 course meal.
