STOP!   Think twice and don't believe the hype... If you say you are great you better be, if you screw up - own it.  SAVE YOUR $$$

The crux of the issue with Vetri was that they ran out of the good stuff and because we were the late seating, got the vegetarian selection. FAIL! 

It was a weird experience, and it is hard not to give them the benefit of the doubt when the reviews are so solid, but I need to speak the truth. First the reservation was for the wrong day and this might have been a simple mistake. We were told it would be 45 minutes and of course it became 85. They did compensate a bit and put out an excellent cured meat selection and vegetables with reduced balsamic. This was a nice beginning and the high point. 

Here is my 6 course chef tasting (FYI I said don't hold back, I eat anything) 
1... Tomato salad - it was tasty, lightly dressed with a nice mix of vegetables (I don't think this was even on the menu) 
2... Sweet Onion Crepe with White Truffle - this was excellent and the truffle around it was a great mix 
3... Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce - fresh pasta, amazingly unique 
4.... Heirloom Tomato Risotto - another vegetable dish that was just not that interesting and certainly not worth the calories.  Most of the plates went back. I think they saw this as a sign. 

AT THIS POINT I WAS NERVOUS 4 out 6 tastings done and not a single protein. And the final dish was... 

5... Dry Aged Ribeye - it was fine, but definitely the least exotic and boring entree. And in a city with some of the best steakhouses in the world, I would have considered this for an entree. 

At this point we saw some serious scurrying going on in the kitchen and they brought out 2 dishes to share. I'm assuming this was what they had left. 
... Baby Goat with freshly stone milled polenta - This was excellent.  I never thought I'd like Goat, now I love those cute little animals.
... Bass - it was OK (not sure where this was on the menu) 

DINNER DONE - FAIL 
On the menu was lobster, whole fish, octopus, sweetbreads, quail, duck... Talk about the ultimate bait and switch, we were served none of it. 

6... Desserts was another sorry story of "We ran out of chocolate."  What?  On a price fixe?  Am I allowed to say I ran out of money?  They were nice enough to give us a tasting, but there were no stand outs. 

Another disappointment was that the entire table did the Grand Wine Tasting, so we hoped this would push the food over the top. The wines were excellent- tons of refills, the problem was they were selected for a bad boring tasting. 

Service was the high point and our waitress was as good as we have had. My suggestion for them is if you see a dinner going south, stop it. Be intuitive enough to intervene and flexible enough to make your customers happy, this is what the best restaurants do. They should have explained the problem, not charged us a premium for a boring and lazy menu. At a top Italian restaurant our same meal would have cost a quarter of the check without wine. And there would have been more food to eat and we would have chosen better. 

I feel bad saying, but this was the worst chef tasting I have ever had and the cost for a mainly vegetarian meal was crazy. They ran out of food... I ran out of stars, suck it up, don't rest on your reviews and own it. 

TIP: Consider not going on a Saturday night, as Chef Vetri is not working. 
TIP 2: Pick exactly what you want from the menu 

I welcome anyone from Vetri to respond to this review and explain what happened and why I had the world's most expensive almost vegetarian meal.
I've had 4 months to write a review about Vetri and I'm still at a loss for words for how I should describe my meal.  Is there a level above perfect?  Because there should be, and it should be called Vetri (Merriam-Webster, update your dictionary now).

My grand plan was to surprise my boyfriend for his birthday with a meal at Vetri.  Easy, right?  But one does not simply walk into Vetri.  No, this took some serious plotting.  I contacted the restaurant over a month out to see if they would be able to accommodate me, since yours truly has a plethora of food allergies.  "No problem," they said.  I then proceeded to stalk them on Open Table for a solid week so I could snag a reservation (I swear I'm sane) and then I anxiously waited for the date to arrive.  

Vetriland was everything I imagined it would be: impeccable service, exquisite food that I will never forget, amazing drinks...it was a beautiful dining experience.  I recommend pacing yourself as you go throughout the courses because this is a marathon, not a sprint.  Savor each bite and sip slowly or you won't be able to enjoy dessert.   

As if the whole meal wasn't enough, we were given an autographed, hand-painted menu and a brief tour of the kitchen.  All in all, it was the perf...er...Vetri evening.  Thank you for making me an unforgettable meal and helping me win the girlfriend of the year award.
We finally made it to Vetri, a first for both my fiancé and me (with the exception of a preview night for their fabulous upstairs renovations). Of course, the entire evening was absolutely wonderful. 

I'm the kind of person who checks out a menu before I go to a restaurant, and I typically know exactly what I'm going to order. At Vetri, you are presented with a menu of possibilities and asked simply to mention anything that you definitely do not want, or even that you definitely do want. Despite my Type A tendencies, I absolutely loved sitting back and letting the kitchen run the show. 

We opted for the lesser of the two wine pairings, which was still very pricey. The pairings were spot on and every wine was terrific. I was impressed. I'm sure the higher-end pairing is mind blowing. 

Course after course arrived during the evening, and everything was perfectly paced. I can't recall every single thing that I ate but every course was exciting. My favorites were the pastas, and there were lots of them. Another big standout for me was the antelope. I had no idea what to expect but I was really pumped to try something new. The meat was absolutely delicious - tender and lean and super flavorful. I was pretty full by the dessert course, and I'm not a huge sweets person anyway, so I mostly focused on my dessert wine, which was great. 

As for a return visit, of course, I'd absolutely love one. However, with the cost for two topping out around the neighborhood of $600, it's going to be a while (or an unexpected financial windfall!) before it will happen again. Until then, I've got my memories!
Ooooooh god. OH god, omgomgomgomg.

Yeah, it was a special night. And yes, I most certainly waited for the special moment to draft this review. 

My obnoxiously attractive, smart, and awesome boyfriend (ahem) took me here to celebrate the momentous occasion of my medical school graduation and uh yeah he's a keeper. But enough about him. This meal was everything I hoped/dreamed/planned/anticipated it would be.

Let's preface this by saying that I, probably like most people who dine at this restaurant who aren't oblivious and or obnoxious, was anticipating the event for all of the days approaching it. Also, being the self proclaimed Philadelphia/generalized food snob/poor person that I am, have been coveting a meal here for some time. It was worth the wait and anticipation in every way.

I honestly didn't want to read too many yelp reviews beforehand because I wanted it to be kind of a special surprise in a way that many of my preplanned and exceedingly researched meals are not.

We walk in at reservation time, waited about 15-20 minutes for our table to be ready, and meanwhile offered (a couple glasses) of complementary sparkling wine. I didn't mind the wait, lets put it that way. Our table right next to the front windows was set far apart from the others-there are not too many seats in this restaurant. 

Crusty bread, appetizers, vegetables with an amazing balsamic cream sauce, house cured olives-this is just the "before the actual courses come out" offering. After that, we were both treated to 5-6 different plates each (aka, I ate maybe 11 different dishes that night). Highlights were most definitely some of Vetri classics. They are classics for a reason. Sweet onion crepe is unreal, as is the spinach gnocchi. I appreciated the sweetbreads dish and all of the pasta courses I ended up getting. What a lucky girl I was that night.

The dessert before the dessert as well as the actual dessert were just perfect. And by that point I was way over indulged to even pay attention to what I was eating. Just kidding, that would never happen. 

If you dine here, you are obviously either treating and or being treated by a very important person/business partner/client/special event etc etc etc. Make the splurge and get the fancy wine pairing. Yes, the fancy one. Whatever they're calling that these days. Or, make it even more exciting for you and your date and do one of each wine pairing. Either way. Drink fancy wine, eat ridiculous food, and make sure you have over 3 hours to do-because you don't want to be rushing this one.
"Meet me at Broad and Spruce and dress nicely" was all she said to me.  Apparently, my birthday dinner was supposed to be some sort of special occasion.  I put on my fitted shirt, pants, tie and laced up my shoes.  I could tell this was going to an evening to remember.

As we walked east on Spruce, she asked if I knew where we were going.  I shook my head unknowingly and then she stopped me and said "we're here."  It took me a minute to comprehend where I was and then my hands started shaking.

When the door swung open we were greeted by well dressed staff members and sat in the corner table.  A glass of prosecco was handed to us to begin our meal.  She looked at me from across the table and said "Happy Birthday"  I had to pinch myself to make sure this wasn't a dream.

The appetizers presented were a selection of cured meats, foie gras and vegetables with a balsamic reduction.  Each item was exquisite, highly precise and delicate.  We perused the menu and instructed our server to "surprise us."  With the recent opening of Alla Spina, we chose the beer pairing.  We chose wisely.

My toro wrapped around burrata was the opening part to the symphony of this meal.  Thinly sliced and dissolved on my tongue leaving only the creamy burrata.  This dish was executed flawlessly.  "Are you crying?" she said.  Of course I wasn't.  There's no crying in Vetri.

I have no doubt that the staff at Vetri has sold their soul to make their spinach gnocchi.  This was the origami of pasta.  Perfect and precise in every way.  I knew they weren't playing fair when I tasted this dish.  The brown butter and ricotta salata just changed the game entirely.

Crumbled lamb over house made pappardelle, sure why not?  How about poussin roasted with pig belly?  I was beginning to think that the Vetri staff was playing some sort of joke on me.  It turns out they weren't, the place is just that damn fantastic.  When all was said and done, a polenta chocolate cake with a candle came out just for me.  I'm not used to this kind of attention.

When I ventured out that evening, I wasn't prepared for the best meal of my life.  I now know what great food is supposed to taste like.
After seeing all the 4 and 5 star ratings, this is the first time I feel as though I have to defend myself for writing a slightly negative review.

First of all, I don't make a habit of spending $155 per person for dinner (and that's before drinks, tax and tip).  In Philly and most other cities, you really don't have to spend that much to have an exquisite and inventive meal.

That said, we have been to "High End" restaurants in Philadelphia, as well as in cities from New York to Washington, DC, to Chicago to Napa Valley and San Francisco, etc., and although some of them have been outrageously expensive, we felt the cost, however way over the top they were, had been worth the overall experience. This was not the case at Vetri.  

The only option now at Vetri is a tasting menu.  We had been here some 8 years ago and the experience was exceptional so we had no problem at all putting our choices in the hands of the Chef.

When finished dinner, in addition to a substantial Hors d'oeuvre plate, we had tasted some 11 different selections but here was the problem - none were even close to being "mind-blowing" and I'm sorry, at these prices, they should be!

In the other not-named high end restaurants we have been to we could not wait to see if the next course could live up to what we had just experienced and in most cases they just kept getting better.  Everything we had here was just Good to Very Good.  I would venture to say that none reached the "excellent" range that should have been achieved.  We have had far more exciting and imaginative dinners in Philly in the past year while spending at least half the cost of tonight's. 

The setting for dinner is a very warm and pleasant room and the staff could not be friendlier.  The food presentation was beautiful but . . .

With so many restaurant choices in our city, we will not be in any rush to return and for some reason, I feel bad about that.
***Marc Vetri's Vetri serves rustic and good Italian cuisine utilizing high quality ingredients, but it lacks the finesse and truly delicious cuisine of fine dining Italian restaurants like Quince (San Francisco) and Spiaggia (Chicago)***

Vetri is one of the most renowned Italian restaurants across the country.  The restaurant has a small, rustic and neighborhood feel, but it features the tasting menu-esque approach and amuses of a fine dining restaurant.  I had several courses at Vetri and while I liked a good number of them, I left not enjoying Vetri as much as other upscale Italian fine dining spots I have been to like San Francisco's contemporary Quince and the traditional but still delicious Spiaggia in Chicago.

My dinner at Vetri started with a series of amuses including crudite with a strong balsamic dip.  There was also a plate of assorted bites including sheep's milk cheese, a vegetable tart, cured pork, and foie gras with brioche and fruit paste.  The bread offerings included a standard sourdough and a very good and unique semolina focaccia, which had a texture and flavor similar to Yorkshire pudding.

The first course was a very rich sweet onion filled crepe with truffle fondue.  The fondue was creamy and aromatic and the kitchen did a great job reducing down the onions so that it almost became like a marmalade.

The fish course was Mediterranean sea bass with a crispy skin (as well as flaky and moist fish) paired with a lemon and fava bean risotto.  It was a simple but good dish.

Two of the pasta courses I had were signature courses at Vetri.  There was soft and pillowy spinach gnocchi in a brown butter sauce.  The nicely cooked gnocchi was topped with a good Parmesan to contrast the sweetness of the sauce.

I also had almond tortellini filled with rice.  The pasta was good and I liked the truffle sauce, but having pasta filled with rice was kind of odd because of the starch.  The consistency of the rice grains was also a little unusual for a pasta filling though maybe this is common in traditional Italian cuisine.

The third pasta course was not a signature Vetri item, but it was an exceptional dish and my favorite of the night.  It was a dry pasta (durum pasta shells) sauteed with porcini mushrooms and escargot.  It was interesting having the escargot and mushrooms together because they had similar textures.  With the pasta being a mushroom pasta too, there was a great mushroom flavor throughout the dish and the flavor of the mushroom went really well with the escargot.

My main course was a young goat over polenta.  Like a lot of the courses at Vetri, this course was very simple and only featuring 3 or 4 flavors but impactful flavors (though definitely not the elaborate courses you get at some of the more modern fine dining restaurants).  Like the fish course, Vetri handles proteins well here.  The goat was juicy and had a great crispy outside.  With the crispy outside and juicy, and easy-to-shred meat, this goat was a lot like crispy duck confit.  And like a lot of duck confit dishes, the goat here was overly salty.

The cheese course featured a good variety of cheeses including goat cheese and a good blue cheese as well as garnishes like buttery milk toast, local honey and strawberry jam.

The palate cleanser was a cool and refreshing raspberry sorbet topped with honey and a fresh raspberry.

The main dessert was a molten cake-esque chocolate polenta cake with good vanilla gelato.  It was a simple but still satisfying dessert.  In addition, really exceptional to-go biscotti was provided at the end of the meal.

Service was great--very, very nice staff and the food came out at a good pace.

The dining room had a small and intimate feel (it felt very much like a neighborhood restaurant and not a stuffy and/or luxurious fine dining restaurant).

Prices were high.  Though a lot of the food is rustic, Vetri is charging fine dining prices.  The menu approach is a tasting menu, but they show you a menu of the dishes available that night so that you can urge the inclusion of some dishes while also picking items you would like to avoid.

While I enjoyed a lot of the food at Vetri (especially the excellent pasta with escargot and porcini), I left a little disappointed.  A lot of it had to do with expectations.  I was expecting Vetri to deliver the creative Italian cuisine of Quince or the simple but distinct, delicious and make-you-want-to-keep-digging-into-what-you-are-eating flavors of Angelini Osteria, but Vetri was a noticeable notch below both of these restaurants.  Vetri is definitely a good Italian restaurant though I am not sure I would say it is one of the country's best Italian restaurants based on this one visit.

I am not sure what the parking situation is in this neighborhood.
In the last ten years, the Philadelphia dining scene has truly stepped up its game, so, even though Vetri is (or was) in the upper echelon of dining experiences, it now has serious competitors that provide gourmet tasting menus but at much, much more digestible price.

Unless you're flush with mucho dineiro, this place is a once-every-few-years-special-occasion kind of restaurant. Regardless of how perfect a dining experience is, it's always a little painful to fork out over $600 (with tip) for a meal for two. Go with someone you love (or someone else that will pick up the tab, unless that's one and the same) who is not a picky eater (aside: is there anything worse than a picky eater?) and that has a real appreciation for vino.

When you go here, you have to go all out.  Since you're shelling it out already, you might as well go full steam ahead.  Go for the Grand tasting menu with the grand wine pairings that will seriously blow your mind.  To be honest, I almost enjoyed the wine more than I did the food (more on that, later).  The staff here are so well-versed in their wine selections, it was a pleasure to hear them describe each pairing with detail and authority.  Once you are able to marry both that wine and the food, you know you have arrived.

The highlights, are, of course as everyone says, the pasta.  Rich, but light, earthy, fresh, buttery, and oh so succulent.  It takes everything in your body and good upbringing to restrain yourself from scarfing it down in two bites (although the portions are just that, two to three bites worth - or five to six conservative bites).

Everything here is well-conceived, perfectly executed and beautifully presented.  The staff is a dream.  Everything from the amuse-bouche, to the meal procession, wine service, pre-dessert, dessert and send-off is effortless and lovely.  And for that price tag, it should be.

This meal never had a low point for me, the preparation, taste and execution was consistent, right down to the fudge they send home with you.  The truly high point of the meal, are the Grand wine pairings.  Simply put: out of this world.   Maybe, that is the true test of master chef, a menu where the food and wine dance impeccably together and bring the best out of each other.  However, there were times where the wine clearly outshone the food, both in complexity and depth - and I often wanted more of the wine than I did of the food -- and I cannot believe that's the intended reaction a chef would like me to have (putting my obvious love of wine, aside, I do love food more).

So including that, the other things which are holding me back from awarding Vetri the full five stars that it definitely deserves in the grand scheme of Philadelphia restaurants are that for starters-  at the price point that Vetri charges, I would have appreciated a couple extra courses, and perhaps a palate cleanser half-way through the meal would have been nice as well.  I had no problem with the portion sizes or the duration of the dinner, but when pre-dessert came, I was not ready for the meal to be over.  I thought I deserved and paid for just a little more.  Also, as I noted in the beginning, in a town where gourmet eateries of Vetri's caliber are offering similar fare but at a more affordable cost, shouldn't Vetri strive to offer more or offer what they have to cost a little less?  My two cents.

Either way, a worthy Philly dining experience.  Warm up your credit card (or two).
OK, so I just wanna get this out of the way....everyone knows the complimentary glass of prosecco is not offered to guests in addition to an apology for waiting for a reservation, right?  It's straight out of Italian dinner culture, sort of like an amuse bouche, except for your stomach.  More like an amuse digestif.  

That said, Vetri is out of control.  It's like someone went to Italy, ripped a restaurant out of the ground, took a handful of impeccable servers, a cellar full of wine, and foraged for fiddleheads in March, and then flew it all back to America, and then decided to smush it all into a brownstone in Philly.  Like....whaaaaaaaat is going on in this place?!  Maybe the foyer is really a teleport.  Maybe the chef is actually a wizard, or that talented rat from Ratatouille and isn't French at all.  Or maybe it's just the best fucking restaurant on the East Coast.  I don't know.  Anything is possible.  

I took my boyfriend here for his birthday, and though we were on time for our reservation, the table ahead of us was not.  While waiting in the foyer, which was air conditioned, which was great because it was like five thousand degrees outside, we were offered water, prosecco, or both.  The twenty minutes or so it took that table to leave and be bussed just ensured us about two re-pours on our glasses each, and some hushed, excited conversation.  And I don't know why people get so pissed off about having to wait to be seated at a restaurant.  Like...what's the big deal?  Do you hate the company of the people you dine with so much that the presence of food is a necessary distraction?  Anyway...

When we sat down, we were given a plate of salumi, a bowl of fiddleheads pickled, and with some parmesan cheese, and another plate of baby vegetables with a balsalmic vinaigrette so thick I would rather call it a mousse.  We were given the menu to look over, ensured our server that we would eat anything, anything at all, ordered 2 quartinos of lovely wine (particularly the rosata) and relaxed as dish after dish of the best tasting food I've ever had was rolled out in front of us.  For our patience in the foyer, the chef prepared us THREE EXTRA entire dishes that weren't even on the tasting menu (well one wasn't) and all were incredible.  Like....the food was so good I almost cried.  I was closest to crying over the beauty of food than I ever have been before.  Ok, I cried. 

Just...just go ok?  Please?  It's expensive as hell, but I couldn't purchase the ingredients and make anything on that table as well as it was made for me.  It's cheaper than culinary school, anyways.  

I've never been so relaxed in a dining situation.  It was a time warp.  I don't even know how long we were there.  It doesn't even matter.  I felt like I had been welcomed into the home of some gourmet worthy friends and fed intoxicatingly delicious food from their pantry of local and imported eats, and then gently pushed out the door with a prized brownie and a full tummy.  I can't wait to go back.  I canNOT wait.
Vetri has been on the list for a while. I am glad that Philly opened up indoor dining when they did. I was able to make the trip to take my gf for her birthday dinner. This is definitely a special occasion kind of establishment. So save your pennies and go to Vetri when you want to splurge. I truly believe that if Michelin gave stars in Philadelphia, Vetri would be one of the frontrunners. For me the entire experience, start to finish, was 5 stars. We showed up about ten minutes early for our reservation and were given two aperol spritz to enjoy while we wait. We were called in shortly thereafter to be seated. 

As we walked up the stairs to our table in the upstairs dining room we were greeted by any staff we encountered on the way. While this is without a doubt fine dining, there is no pretentiousness lingering in the air. You feel as though you are being welcomed into someones home. Our waiter, Bobby, just made sure the entire experience was well rounded. He was very welcoming, extremely knowledgeable, and attentive. Everything from ambiance, staff, music, etc, set the tone for an incredible dining experience. 

Now on to the good stuff (the food). I won't cover every single dish specifically, but I will touch upon my personal standouts, as I couldn't pick a definitive #1 (that's a good problem). The prosciutto and the maple smoked duck breast were the perfect way to get the jowls salivating lol. The sweetbreads dish was bomb. They still managed to hold on to a little of the crispiness while covered in that delicious cream sauce.  The pappardelle with rabbit bolognese is an unassuming dish that packs a very well balanced flavor explosion. The stuffed guinea hen (prosciutto and foie gras) was another amazing dish. We also had tenderloin tartare, lobster tagliolini, and eggplant Milanese. We opted for the wine pairing and it was definitely worth it. Every wine was great and paired well with each dish. Even the dessert wines (which I am not normally a fan of) were great!  For desserts we had the molten peanut butter cake with Concorde grape gelato and the coconut semifreddo. The play on peanut butter and jelly was great. It's what you wish every peanut butter and jelly sandwich you ever ate tasted like. The sorbet that accompanies the semifreddo is the perfect refreshing palette cleanser to end the meal. Great meal (from the amuse bouche to the petit fours), great experience. I would highly recommend it. If you ain't treatin' yourself, you're cheatin' yourself! ENJOY!!!
Okay, the food is fantastic, but Mr. Vetri needs a lesson on good or even basic manners.  My husband made a reservation to celebrate our anniversary nearly 3 months in advance.  Two weeks prior to the date, we received a call from the restaurant informing us that they could no longer honor our reservation because one of their "regular" customers wanted a Saturday night reservation.  They did offer to reschedule our dinner 6 weeks later.  Needless to say, we went somewhere else.
Let me start in reverse ... it's getting late and I'm sitting in a small brownstone housing an intimate restaurant, I look past glasses of wine that aren't quite finished, and sitting across from me is the tall, dark and handsome gentleman who has taken me here.  I sigh and realize this is probably the best meal I've ever eaten. I think a lot of people have had this experience at Vetri, minus perhaps the gentleman.  So, while I'm not alone, I am glad that I'm in that company.  

Although I can't imagine eating one more thing, the gracious waiter sets down a small plate of petit fours, we look up at him with wide eyes and say we can't possibly. Before we finish our sentences he quickly assures us that he will wrap them up so that we have something to take home. Along with our dessert and a cellophane bag containing two chocolate laced biscotti, we are presented with a printed copy of the wine pairing list that we enjoyed and the tasting menu of everything we've had the pleasure of trying tonight.  

I won't go in to everything that went into this masterpiece of a meal. But some standouts were the first course, with many small bites, such as tuna crudo, foie gras served on a small crisp wafer, then the branzino and the house milled bread.

The waiter is a professional, knowing when to stop by and when to let us linger and enjoy our meal and animated conversation. He describes our wine with such clarity, I stop to wonder where he's been trained, but at the same time he's unassuming and likable and clearly enjoys his work. This is demonstrated when he comes over mid meal with an excited look to proudly say they unexpectedly got in some black truffles that morning, and sets down a small plate of fettuccini with black truffle ragu.  I tell him when he returns that I could possibly eat only this for the rest of my life, and be happy.  Philadelphia, you never disappoint, I could endlessly visit your wonderful supply of quirky, fun, inventive restaurants, but I think now that they were perhaps the orchestra tuning, and that Vetri is a symphony in full swing.
Vetri has been touted as "possibly" (Batali) the best Italian restaurant on the East Coast. If that means it's a restaurant capable of making some of the most delicious morsels of food then yes Vetri could be deserving of being touted as the best Italian restaurant on the East Coast. But if "best" means the total dining experience that exceeds all other italian restaurants across tens of thousands of square miles then it would not be true; Vetri is not the best. Vetri either isn't the best, or, every other italian restaurant on the East Coast is worse.

Of course, more preliminaries aside, none of this would matter much were it not for the price tag. My wife and I chose the grand tasting menu with the grand wine pairing. It was my 40th birthday, we were in Philadelphia, and this was supposed to be THE place. Two hours and fifteen minutes later we were back on the street, $700 poorer, and wondering what in the heck just hit us.

When we spoke with the restaurant when making a reservation they were very careful to elicit our specific needs and desires. I made a point to mention that my goal of the evening was to receive a bit of education about Italian wines. I have some expertise on wines from other countries on the continent but admittedly my knowledge is a bit short on the wines of Italy. Nevertheless, I have a well-trained palette for pairings. I know by mouth what goes with what. While there may be some cultural relativity involved with such notions, I was sure to share my preferences: at this time of year (summer) I prefer mineral and earth complexities and the foods to go with those. I made it clear that wine and season were to lead the way. "Of course sir." Now I know Vetri is going to serve very earthy food, probably little to nothing from the sea, but the food of the earth has its mineral complexities.

Who was I kidding? I was asking a bit much, I know, but it was worth a try. But they asked. They offered.

Three food items were among the best plates of food I've ever tasted. The bolognese was made from ground hanger steak (yes!) and was perfect. The most comforting comfort food I've had. Maybe not the right season for it, it being 90F outside, but it could not have mattered less in this case. Perhaps their rendition of bolognese has no season. The foie gras pastrami with strawberry mustard was chill-down-the-spine deliciousness. The gnocchi was simply the finest gnocchi I've had this side of the planet. The texture of the gnocchi was better than perfection. It was downright dreamy.

The problem? Well, never did a single bottle of wine from the grand pairing ever make it to the table. This, for a person who had requested that wine lead the way. Instead prepoured glasses of wine merely appeared.  Never saw a single bottle, never saw a label, a vintage, a description of the wine. And it all happened so fast. I was going to relax, not sweat it, and wasn't going to press the help. But in hindsight I should have. But I should never have been in that position. But. Too many buts with the wine. Numerous high alcohol selections, some with too much sweetness for the foods served. Many of the pairings were seemingly erroneous. Yes pairings can simply be wrong, especially when you have a cellar expansive enough to finely tune the glass to the food, and there are far more right selections. They're even harder to appreciate when you're blitzed by your meal.

Vetri simply loses a star for the rush--a meal like this should be a three hour experience--and a star for the failed pairings. It gets no extra push for the deliciousness of some of the food as that is offset by the extraordinarily high price. I'd add a star for my wonderful company, my lovely wife, but I'm not reviewing my extraordinary wife here. This is a meal that should make a food and wine obsessive like myself wealthier and wiser. Now that I think on it, it sure has, but not in the way I had hoped.
Finally took the plunge and splurged at Vetri. Was it good, yes. Was it the best meal I've ever had? No. Best meal I've ever had in Philadelphia? No. Best meal I've ever had in the 19107 zip code? Sorry, no again. Am I a bit disappointed after reading all the accolades and reading Vetri's interviews, etc.? Yes. Am I glad I went? I think so. But would I return, no.

Anyone who knows me knows I'm a bit of a foodie. Vetri's been on my "must try" list for years. And with the spate of closing that've recently hit some Philadelphia favorites, I wanted to make sure I got to experience it...just in case.

The service was great: polite, smiling, complimentary prosecco upon arrival, etc. I was also super-impressed with the de-crumbing skills.

The decor was lovely: simply ornate chandelier; large floor-to-ceiling mirror between the windows on Spruce Street; hand-blown, heavy water glasses; an impressive espresso machine on display on the sideboard; and incredibly delicate (wish I owned them all) wine, spirits, and beer glasses.

The food...overall, every dish that was not meant to be sweet was on-the-edge-of too salty (a few aspects tipped over into simply-too-salty, e.g., the potatoes under the goat). What the kitchen got very right: the bread (e.g., the grain bread that came out first was awesome--I would stock my house with that bread, with the grains adding interest and texture without being dry), the Tuna Crudo (loved the celery leaves, crisp Granny Smith apple slices, and parsnip, though my fellow diner thought the mixture overpowered the fragile flavor of the tuna); the Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter (pillow-like gnocchi rivaling those found at Ristorante La Buca); the Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce (fantastic texture and a sop-every-last-drop-with-your-bread sauce!); the pre-dessert sweet cream gelato with fruit and lemon poppy-seed cake (tasted like a whipped-cream gelato with zesty, slightly sour fruit and a perfectly cooked cake); and the Chocolate Polenta Souffle (perfectly executed).

As I stated initially, it was a good meal. However, there are other restaurants with as good service, better food (where every dish makes you sigh with happiness and start thinking about who you can convince to go out to dinner with you so you can go back again), and a lower price tag. Perhaps those other restaurants don't have the specific luxury that Zahav offers; however, I'll take service and food over white tablecloths and beautiful glasses any day.
If you're really into food and dining out, Vetri is a must. Besides earning you foodie cred, it's an opportunity for a memorable evening. A special occasion is a good excuse to go, and the staff will make a big deal out of it which will add to the charm of it all.

When you're seated, take a sip of your complementary prosecco, take a deep breath, and relax. This is a 2-hour slow-paced tasting experience. The portions are tiny, but there are a lot of them.

Look over the menu to be sure you're not going to get something you know you'll hate or miss out on something you know you'll love. But don't spend too much time on this process. Keep an open mind because you might be surprised to love something that didn't sound appealing. 

The price is steep, yes. But you're paying for quality ingredients, impeccable service, and combinations of flavors more interesting than spaghetti and jarred sauce. It's important to remember that taste is subjective, and no one can guarantee that you absolutely love every single thing. If you expect to have visions of the Virgin Mary with every bite because you're dropping $$$$, and you'll be disappointed with anything less, you might as well stay home and order a pizza. 

And if the cost scares you, do what I did and save up your loose change for a couple of years. True story.
Everyone should come here at least once. Even if it means eating kimchi and rice (or whatever it is non-Asian people eat when they're trying to save money) for 30 days straight, it will be worth it.

Yes, it is true that Vetri now only offers the full tasting menu at $135 a head. Add in the wine tasting menu, and you're over $200 a person, not factoring in tax and tip. I thought I was being clever, so I decided to forgo the wine and pregame with a few pints at Monk's a few blocks away. Not the classiest of things to do, but dealing with my lack of class is something I have to do every day.

Be aware that the menu changes seasonally. They offer you a menu with several options for each course, so expect to get any one of those items. You can inform your server if you have any particular preferences or diet restrictions, and they are very accommodating. My dining companion and I received different items for nearly the entire meal, so I was able to sample about 11 different dishes. 

If you see the spinach gnocchi, order it. Marc Vetri is a master of pasta, but even this is out of the ordinary for him. The gnocchi melts in your mouth, releasing the fresh spinach that is somehow still slightly crisp. The golden onion sweet crepe with white truffle fondue is also completely mind-blasting. Everything from the seasonal vegetable plate to the post-meal macaroons was delicious and perfectly executed, with excellent service and ambiance to match.

The only sour taste I got was the one left in my mouth when presented with the bill (incidentally, they also miscalculated *slightly* and almost charged us $200 extra!). But quality isn't always easy to come by, so start collecting your loose change (or loose Benjamins) and, please, direct yourself to Vetri.
"Possibly the BEST Italian Restaurant on the East Coast"

Great food... but was it worth the $?  Eh... I'd rate it 3.5 stars.
Tasting menu of $155 each.  Both bf and I thought it should cost about $90 to $100 each instead of $155.  I expected to be wow'ed.... but it was just pretty good.  Maybe my expectations were too high.

On the tasting menu, some memorable dishes:
- Chestnut Fettuccine with Wild Boar Ragu
- Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce
- Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter (tasty but way too heavy on the butter)

I think the tasting menu had too many dishes (I think we had like 8 dishes per person)... but it felt like quantity over quality.  For $155, I expect some high end ingredients like fish eggs or something.  An example, for dessert, one of them was a Panettone.  It was basically whole Panettone cut in half with a sweet sauce on the side.  It was the equivalent of 4 portions of desserts on 1 plate.  When the dessert was served, the bf said "this is so wrong".... and our waiter couldn't help but break a smile.
On our brisk ascent up the stairs of Vetri's tiny row home, I caught a glance of the potted plants, neatly kept shutters, and modestly proportioned sign.  A quiet confidence that does very little to give away the quality of food within.

A small dining room with an even smaller capacity for parties of 6, it took a while to coordinate our visit.  Decor is well coordinated and actually quite demure given the price tag.  A relaxing, welcoming atmosphere that helps detach you from the center city bustle.  Service is excellent, no surprise there.
  
Some things I remember from the meal.  A platter of bite sized cured meats, foie gras, and salad was first.  Served family style, it was a good way to try a lot of small items and get things started.

Little monkfish, fried whole, arrived in the table center.  No need to coax us in with the deftly intact lore hovering over its grouchy under bite, the presentation was all the enticing we needed.  Delicious, creative, and a perfect fish to serve whole since the edible area is free of bones. 

Asparagus flan tagged along with the monkfish, and really got overshadowed in spite of being smooth and flavorful.

Sweet onion crepe with truffle fondue was delicious and among the consensus favorites.  

Lamb Chorizo with fava and mint.  Subtle kick, excellent when there was a mint-heavy bite.

Spinach gnocchi with brown butter was a table favorite with its deep green color.

Almond Tortellini with truffle sauce.  Like an almond cookie in delicate pasta, it was interesting despite being a little less complex than some other courses.

Braised veal breat with endive salad was good on its own, but the Barolo pairing really helped take it to the next level.  

Speaking of wine, we opted for the grand pairing and for the most part it was outstanding.  An nice mix of wines focusing mainly on Italy and its immediate neighbors, they were an excellent complement to the food.  Passito with dessert was exactly what I was hoping for.

Vetri really stuck to a strong Italian inspiration in their dishes, which may seem kind of obvious, but at the same time the drive for creativity and presentation at this level of restaurant can at times strip out all traditional cultural references from the food.  I liked that they retained some of that feeling, even though it sometimes left the dishes suffering from a shallower flavor.
 
Pacing was perfect, translating to just over 3 hours.
 
Some dishes weren't as big of a hit, but that happens even at the best places.  It can be hard to tell where a great restaurant leaves off and great company kicks in sometimes.  I'll say that we undoubtedly had a fantastic time, and I feel confident saying Vetri is among the best dining experiences in the Philadelphia region.
I wish i could give zero stars. Awful. This place is resting on its rep. They ran out of everything. It sucked and was way too expensive. Do not bother.
We were charged full price though they clearly ran out of all protein and we had all vegetarian meals. the risotto tasted like rice a roni and I refused to eat it. Absolutely sucked. Too bad, we expected so much more.
tl;dr a Philly fine-dining veteran, Vetri serves up incredible Italian food with a generous side of nostalgia

Vetri is no stranger to conversations about the best restaurants in Philadelphia, promising an unparalleled take on Italian dining. I've been meaning to give it a whirl for years, but life has blocked me out last-minute each time I've scheduled a reservation. And, ironically enough, the wake of the pandemic was finally my time. Indoor dining mid-COVID is a new challenge for restaurants and restaurant-goers, alike. Fortunately, Vetri did a phenomenal job of ensuring social distancing throughout our visit -- most notably, were separated from other tables by both plenty of room and by physical dividers.

Walking up the stairs to Vetri's dining room felt like being welcomed into an old-school Italian home. A center island and espresso machine are on full display in the space, and the lime-green walls are highlighted by Victorian guardrails and wooden accents. The semblance of traditionality is sharply contrasted by a deep red blown-glass chandelier, while 50s music plays unobtrusively in the background.

We were welcomed with a complementary spritz, a summer crowd-pleaser with an orange liquor base and a slice of fresh fruit. As we browsed the menu, our server eagerly highlighted some of her favorites. We opted for the Beef Tenderloin Tartare, the Sweet Onion Crepe, the Swiss Chard Gnocchi, the Corn Anolini the Dry Aged Pork Loin, the Roasted Baby Goat (a $35 upcharge), the Chocolate Polenta Souffle, and the Panna Cotta with Poached Peaches and Raspberry Granita.

To kick off our meal, we were ushered a bowl of focaccia and whole-grain sourdough. The airy center of our bread was contrasted by a delicately charred crust, complemented by a salty butter. We then were offered an amouse-bouche: cucumber-zucchini gazpacho with a tempura squash blossom. Each bite tasted like summer, transporting me to childhood afternoons rolling down grassy hills.

On to our antipasti, the tartare sported a blast of acidity from the red onion and capers. Admittedly, I would have preferred the crisp of traditional toasts over the somewhat doughy gnocchi friti, but the dyanmic flavors were a strong win. Meanwhile, the crepe was magical--the condensed onions almost had a jam-like consistency and the smokiness of an open fire, bound by a rich pasty and truffle cream sauce. By transforming the essense of onion into something brand new, it's no wonder that this is one of the Vetri's classics after 2 decades.

To the pasta course, the gnocchi themselves were heavenly pillows, with a richness of butter and ricotta that gave way to the delicate flavor of the chard. Meanwhile, the anolini highlighted the sweetness of summer corn, echoing the sweetness and happiness of the best corncake of my childhood. This was doubled by the zing of salt from Osetra caviar. 

For the entrees, the goat was the fancy rendition of a holiday roast: the polenta itself could stand its own, and the meat. (especially the crispy skin) was loaded with flavor from spices and flame alike. This was arguably the best dish I've had the pleasure to enjoy this year (and well worth the $35 supplement). On our other plate, the espresso reduction and the duo of honey nut squash were the standouts, adding a desserty dimension to an otherwise standard slice of meat.

Finally to dessert, the souffle was masterfully cooked, the dynamic dark chocolate finding the ideal balance between dense and gooey, and complemented by a vanilla gelato and cocoa nibs. In contrast, the zing of the summertime fruits brought the lightness of the last days of summer to the panna cotta. Lastly, we were offered 2 flavorful final bites: a fruit-creme truffle and an almond cookie.

At $110 for the COVID 4-course tasting menu (a relative steal compared to the $165pp just a few months ago), Vetri undoubtedly is a meal fit for a special occasion. But just the goat alone is reason enough to splurge on the experience. While I wondered if I would be missing out on the full Vetri experience, I nonetheless and left feeling contently full (rather than overwhelmingly so). Most importantly, Vetri left me with a memorable experience, both in exciting new memories and in ones I haven't recalled in years.
Anyone who says that this restaurant is "shockingly average" does not know anything about fine dining.  I have eaten in famous restaurants all over the world, and this one is right up there with any of them.  I will admit that if you are looking for a "scene" or a "trendy atmosphere", this restaurant is not for you.  However, having said that, I will say that there is no other restaurant in Philadelphia that produces food that is as interesting, fresh, and delicious as Marc Vetri's.  The service is impeccable, the menu ever-changing, and the preparations fascinatingly nuanced.

I went there tonight for my tenth time.  I took a few friends out for a celebratory dinner.  We ate their famous charcuterie plate, a special preparation of nantucket bay scallops, pig's foot ravioli, pork belly papardelle, spinach gnocci, shoulder of baby goat, salt-cured branzino, a cheese plate, lavender gelato, and chocolate souffle.  We ordered "family style" and enjoyed every single bite.  In fact, we ordered "seconds" of the papardelle and scallops because they were so delicious.

Some advice before dining at this restaurant.  First, eat family style.  It is the best way to taste as much as possible of the diverse menu.  Second, let them help you choose the wine.  The employees of this restaurant are well-versed in the nuances of their wine selections and will help you find a reasonably priced bottle that pairs well with your menu choices and preferences.  Third, when you eat here, "go all out".  That means, get ready to eat a lot, and prepare to enjoy yourself thoroughly.  This is a restaurant tailored for those who enjoy a cozy, comfortable atmosphere, nice people, and good food.  Again, if you are looking for a trendy restaurant, go to Morimoto.  The food won't be NEARLY as good, but you'll find all of the wannabe hipsters you can handle.

I know this is a strong review, but I believe every word of it.  There are a lot of excellent restaurants in Philadelphia that may enjoy more "street cred" (think Le Bec Fin, Morimoto, Buddhakan, etc.), but certainly do not deserve it.  This restaurant is absolutely terrific, and if you walk in with an open mind (and granted, an open wallet), you will absolutely enjoy it as much as I do.

Enjoy.  This will be one of your better dining experiences, anywhere.

--WEM
Stunned, yes stunned I say to see tracey saying this place is overrated. I've never heard anything but good, and my meal was five stars all the way. 

I too attended the grand tasting on a Saturday evening. My guest and I were the first ones there and the welcoming glass of prosecca was presented to us as we waited for the staff briefing to finish up. Lovely touch and very tasty.

We opted for the wine pairing and I agree the somellier was plesant, knowledgable, and great to talk with. Highlights of our meal included a hot asparagus flan with an egg yolk core, stunning to me as the yolk didn't curdle or dry out.

The single best piece of fish I have eaten anywhere, ever, was the skate presentation. I'm not a big fish eater unless it's Sushi, but i could eat this every single day. Thank you Mark Vetri for reminding me what well prepared fish should taste like.

The other highlight was the pig trotter ravioli. Something I mentioned casually to my waitres sthat i was hoping to try and here it was. So light, so fresh! Is that a hint of orange blossom I tasted? Amazing.

Yes, it was pricey. For two of us with wine pairing and tip it was about $600, so don't take your penny pinching Aunt Sally, she'll be heels up in the dessert cart when she sees the bill, but of you can afford it do go, it was one of the best meals of my life, and I was envious of the family next to us who coud afford to bring their seven and eight year old daughters! 

Lucky kids!!!
... Review continued ...

Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce
Domaine Gerard Thomas, Bourgogne 2011

Easily the GF's favorite dish - the almond tortellini were cooked perfectly al dente, redolent with almonds and crushed amaretti cookies, which added a nice textural sweetness to each bite. The truffle sauce helped to add an additional depth of flavor that was not overpowering. It was paired with the Burgogne, an aromatic and intensely fruity chardonnay. 

Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter
Poggerino, Chianti Classico 2009
 
My favorite Vetri dish is easily the spinach gnocchi with brown butter. The initial attack is all nutty cheese - Grana Padano and salty ricotta salata with hints of nutmeg. But then as the pillowy gnocchi envelops your tongue, spinach is readily apparent. The brown butter adds to the richness of each bite and it is at this point, I realize that the bite of spinach gnocchi alone is worth the price of admission. Truly a revelation of flavors. 

A perfect pairing with Chianti, the acidity and tannin in the wine helped to balance the heft of the gnocchi. Perhaps it was the Chianti that pushed it over the top, but it was at this point when I realized I was feeling the 'joy' involved with wine tasting.

Pappardelle with Cockles and Tardivo
Vie di Romans, Sauvignon 2009 "Vieris"

At the halfway point, the pappardelle was presented to the GF. The GF was in love with the perfectly crafted and cooked pasta. And despite her wariness of bi-valves, she enjoyed the flavor the cockles lent. The raddichio helped to balance the dish and the pasta was paired with a sauvignon blanc that was intensely fruity, with a long full-bodied finish.

Lasagna alla Giudia
Vie di Romans, Sauvignon 2009 "Vieris"

I received a decadent lasagna that contained baby artichoke and bechamel within baked pasta sheets. Parsley and mint helped to add an herbaceousness freshness to each bite. The crispiness of the pasta sheets helped to add texture.

As with the GF's pappardelle, the lasagna was also paired with the Vieris sauvignon blanc. 

Ricotta Ravioli with Wild Pecan
Yves Cuilleron a Chavanay, Roussanne 2012
 
We were also simultaneously presented with ricotta ravioli with shaved wild pecans. The gossamer thin pasta was filled with clean flavors and orange zest helped to add a unique brightness that simply enthralled the GF. The ravioli was paired with Roussanne, which was redolent with honey and fruit.

Milk Braised Lamb with Mint 
Anima Libera, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano 2007
 
For our final savory dish of the night, we both received the milk-braised lamb, with the GF receiving the bone-in lamb. As expected, though not as tender as slow-braised lamb shank, the grassiness of this lamb perfumed each bite in an intoxicating manner. The milk braise helped to temper each bite along with the meaty cannellini beans, which the GF appreciated. The classic mint pairing offered a refreshing note as well.

The lamb was paired with the Anima Libera, which was intense with spice, plum, and blackberry. Quite complex in its intensity, it was seemingly a nice choice for the lamb.

At this point, we were offered the option of a standard dessert or the cheese plate. Despite our mutual love of cheese, we opted to go with a standard dessert in deference to the GF's sweet tooth.

Blood Orange Sorbetto 
Honey, pistachio

As a palate cleanser, we were offered a blood orange sorbetto, which was heightened by the honey atop. For something so simple, the honey really added to each bite, with the pistachios offering texture.

Piccolo Pasticceria

We were also brought a plate of piccolo pasticceria or mignardises. Clockwise, we were offered torrone with pistachio and almond, an apple button cookie, biscotti with chocolate, pistachio, and almond, chocolate-covered balsamic-vinegar chocolate, orange tuile with lemon curd, quince cookie, ricotta hazelnut cheesecake, and in the middle was a peppermint marshmallow with chocolate. A melange of various bites, the balsamic vinegar chocolate and the marshmallow were clear favorites.

Elio Perrone, Bigaro 2012

We were also served Bigaro, our favorite rose and a great way to end any night. We first had the tipple at Amis, so it was capricious that this sparkler made its way here. It was a refreshing and effervescent way to cap off the night, but in addition to a bonus pour from the staff, there was more to come!

GM/Sommelier Bobby Domenick presented us with the entirety of panettone. As huge slices of panettone were served, Chef Adam Leonti himself came out to serve a heaping spoonful of sabayone made from prosecco - certainly a nice touch. 

And as expected, at the end of the meal we were presented with a take-home bag, replete with hand-painted menus and some almond coffee cake bites for the next day. 

Certainly come to Vetri Ristorante for the amazing tasting menu, but you'll find yourself returning for the unparalleled service. Kudos to the entire staff!
If you want to spend $200pp for a memorable meal, then take Bolt Bus to NYC and go to Per Se.

While Vetri has the undisputed best Italian food in the city, our overall experience was disappointing.  They say the tasting menu is 7-9 courses, and we only got 7 which was poor salesmanship, especially since the tables on either side of us got 9 courses.  At Per Se, they say you get 9, but then you get at least 12.  Its all about expectations.  While nearly all of the dishes were rich, flavorful, and exquisitely prepared, I left hungry due to the skimpy portions (something I'm ok with if you get enough courses).

The sommelier here was one of the best I've come across.  He was relatable and not stuck up.  When we told him we wanted an affordable wine that would be versatile enough to pair with several courses, he brought us the least expensive bottle on the menu which was terrific.  He was incredibly informative and Vetri is lucky to have him.

I'd love to go back if someone else was paying, but in this price range I'm loyal to Thomas Keller.
The emperor has no clothes. 4 of us on the grand tasting, the only thing grand was that it almost cost a Grand! Beige expensive food, not well prepared in a cute but cramped space. Love Osteria, hated this...
Have gladly paid and eaten in the best restaurants in the country, this is not one of them.
Second visit; dishes tasted as below:

Proseco

Canapes - Balsamic Soaked apples, Herbed vegetable torte, House made chorizo, Black pepper salumi, Foie gras pastrami with coriander and black pepper fennel moustarda over brioche

Crudites - Fennel, Zucchini, Carrot, Radish, Balsamic Crema

House Bread - Focaccia and Filone Italian yeast bread with Gaeta Olives and Butter

Monkfish in Carpione - Dredged in rice flour, Fried in olive oil, served with pickled carrots, fennel, celery

Lamb Chorizo with Favas and Mint, chili oil

Bandera Quail with Rosemary Potatoes and Grapes under a Sauce of cognac, cipollini onions, chicken liver, sage, and cream

Sweet Onion Crepe with Truffle Fondue

Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce, Toasted Almond, Parmesan

Sweet Pea Agnolotti with Prosciutto, Robiola Cheese, Ricotta Salata

Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter

Fettucine with Morels and Parmesan

Duck Confit Ravioli with Pinot Noir, Thyme, and Currants

Rabbit Papardelle with Cacio Al Tartufo, Carrots, Pecorino, and Black Truffle
Roasted Capretto with Stone Milled Polenta

Line Caught Alaskan King Salmon with Strawberries and Asparagus

Maialino with Fiddlehead Ferns and Mostarda, crispy skin, sage, pancetta, and Vidalia onions

Cheese Board - Honey from Abruzzese, Red Wine Applesauce, Toasted Milk Bread, Bagoss, Verde Capra, Testun al Barolo, Casatica, Pecorino Foglie di Noce

Coconut Sorbet with Chocolate and Almonds

Pistachio Flan with White Chocolate Gelato

Chocolate Polenta Soufflé

Oatmeal and Blueberry Trifle - Served in a Mouth-Blown Kosta Boda Glass

Petit Fours - Chocolate Apricot Macarons, Strawberry Gelee, Cocoa Fudge

Brulee Marshmallow Meringue


...I'd been to Vetri before as a solo and this time I went back with friends who'd been as well but having e-mailed the restaurant to inquire about an extended tasting what we received was more-or-less every single dish on the Vetri menu that evening, each diner receiving a different dish for each course and each dish exquisitely prepared and presented - some identical to our prior visits and some entirely new.

Simply stated, when I walked into Vetri on 5/26/12 it was my second visit - the other visit, nearly 21 months prior, my favorite Italian meal of all time by a small margin. When I walked out of Vetri on 5/26/12 the prior meal was my second favorite Italian meal of all time - the Maialino, Monk Fish, and Sweet Pea Agnolotti all amongst the best new dishes I ate during my trip through DC, Baltimore, and Philadelphia in May of 2012...and that isn't even mentioning the repeat dishes such as the gnocchi which rank amongst the best ever.
Le Bec Fin? Striped Bass? Susanna Foo? Is Vetri next? I am so sad and so disappointed. My husband and I went to Vetri last night to celebrate our one year wedding anniversary. Our table was not ready when we got there and we were offered a glass of prosecco as an apology. Instead of the complimentary glass we were offered, the maitre d opened a bottle of prosecco pre-ordered for us as a surprise in the hallway. The other couples also waiting were treated to complimentary glasses. The waiter was incredibly smug, rude and unengaged. The food was delicious, so yes, I am giving it three stars. Unfortunately, it is not even close to worth the hype. I will never be able to say whether or not this was an "off" night, because for 400+ dollars for two people, we will not take our chances and try again.
We went to Vetri for our second wedding anniversary.  I wish I could give this place an extra star, because this is as good as it gets.  I should go lower every other review I made by one star so this place stands out.  

I made my reservation two months in advance on Open Table.  I originally tried calling the restaurant, months in advance, but they told me they only book through open table.  I had to put my credit card number in and I would be booked $155 a person if we were a no-show.  The next day I was contacted by Vetri staff to describe the style of the meal and to inquire about food allergies.  

When we arrived, we were promptly seated and a complimentary glass of champagne was brought out for our anniversary.  The wait staff was incredibly friendly and so professional.  Again, they asked about food allergies and presented us with menus.  We were asked if there was anything we definitely wanted or anything we wanted to avoid.  I said I was in for the adventure and I was warned that there was goat and snails on the menu.  My wife really wanted to try the sweet onion crepe and the spinach gnocchi.  I secretly wanted the ribeye, because that is my favorite cut of meat, but I thought I would be cheating myself if I got that.  

The food started coming out and we were presented with three plates.  My wife and I both were given the sweet onion crepes with truffle fondue and another plate of fish for the both of us.  Throughout the night more and more plates kept on coming, even the spinach gnocchi.  

We kept looking over at the other tables and chatting with those people as they looked at our food too.  We were all getting different foods and we would compare notes with each other.  By the time our entree came, my wife had a sad look on her face.  Our awesome waitress asked what was wrong and we mentioned that we are sad the final entree is here and we were hoping we would have gotten snails.  She apologized immediately and told us she would get some for us.  Not only did she get us the braised snails, but she brought us a complimentary glass of wine that she thought paired really well with that dish.

While awaiting dessert, we heard some screaming from the table behind us and all of this liquid splatter onto the floor.  Staff were scrambling and I thought someone bumped into this guy and spilled something on him.  After a few minutes staff came to us and apologized. Apparently this man was pretty drunk and vomited on the floor.  The table behind us were asking for the check, trying to get their drunkard out of this nice place.  Our waitress brought us a Vetri cookbook with a lot of the recipes from that evening to make up for the "horrible" experience, but it wasn't even that much of a diversion.  By the time dessert came, pretty much nothing could have ruined that evening.
This place is FANCY. I had the pleasure of being taken here (cause I'm not loaded) and it was  a wonderful dining experience after I spent the first 10 minutes overwhelmed at the fanciness. 

They start you off with complimentary champagne (after I finished it is when I felt less overwhelmed lol) and then it begins! There are like 6 courses. A tasting plate, an entree, two pastas and two desserts I want to say.  You will be stuffed after. 

What makes this an experience is that there is no set menu. They ask you your dietary restrictions and get an idea for your preferences and bring you whatever. It's really cool! I found all of the flavors in all of the dishes unique (always a plus) and rich. My favorite was the mint linguine. 

The main server walks you through all the steps and is so familiar with the food coming out as well as the wine list. Thoroughly impressed with how they described everything. 

Considered one of the best in the country, I highly recommend if you got some money to blow!
i haven't eaten here yet but this review is based on an incident we had with this restaurant while making a reservation for our anniversary.  we would be traveling from ny to go eat at vetri.  

after my bf made the reservation for this restaurant about a month ago for sept, the restaurant called back twice.  when my bf picked up, he found that the phone call was to inform him that the restaurant is tasting menu only that costs xxx amount of money and if it was ok with him, esp with drinks and everything.  

now i dont know if this is their standard protocol, or if someone made a judgement call of their own, but my bf has a very generic hispanic last name, so that makes me a little suspicious.  we found this phone call to be very rude.  we have both been working in nyc fine dining restaurants for years but  we have never encountered this sort of situation.  it's just so disappointing because ive been a huge fan of chef marc ever since i began cooking, and friends that have worked with chef marc tell me the experience is amazing.  i've been wanting to go to vetri ever since i started cooking and now the phone call leaves us with a bad taste in our mouths before we even have the chance to go there and taste the food.
Definitely one of the best meals I've ever experienced. The food was delicious, the service attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere warm. 

We were a table of 4 on Saturday night experiencing the chef's grand tasting menu which was $135 a person. You are given a glass of prosecco to sip while looking a the menu. You have a chance to let them know if there is something you would prefer not to eat. For most of us, it was baby goat. Everything else sounded good or at least interesting.

 I want to give props to the sommelier. He was very knowledgeable about all wine regions even trivial ones that my Dad mentioned. The first bottle of wine we ordered wasn't to his liking so he wouldn't serve it. This was a $90 of bottle which he could have easily served us.  

 The highlights of the meal were:

-  fried onion pearls. They were like an upscale onion ring
- sweet onion crepe. So sweet and yummy.
-  Sea bass. This was the first time I've had sea bass and I liked it!
-   Beggar purses (see below)
-   spinach and semolina gnocchi. the gnocchi was the best i've ever had. it was almost too rich to eat
-  chocolate souffle. drool

There was one item that I didn't like. It was mint fettuccine with clams. The texture and the flavor didn't really work for me so I just let it sit in front of me. One of the waitresses noticed it and replaced it with beggar purses with meat inside and brown butter and cheese on top. It wasn't on the menu, but it was delicious!  Probably one of the best things all night.

 When the dessert course arrived, my step-mom had a candle in her cake since we were celebrating our birthday. No one told the staff it was her birthday so they must have overheard us talking about it.  It was a really nice surprise.  

The night ended 3 hours later and completely stuffed. They sent us home with a white nylon bag with a copy of the menu and mini biscotti to enjoy later. Such a nice way to end a  great evening
Since moving to Philly last year, I have had one "four-bell" restaurant at the top of my list to try, and that is VETRI.  We decided to finally check Vetri off our list on a recent, otherwise idle Wednesday night.  The Vetri experience exceeded any expectation I could have imagined... far and away the best restaurant I've ever been to in Philly.

It's an unassuming restaurant on a quiet part of Spruce Street, just off Broad.  Inside is a wonderfully simple and intimate space.  The calming pastel walls and soft, wooden beams and panels make you feel comfortable, as if you were welcomed into the home of a dear uncle living in Tuscany.  Peering into the kitchen, you see how small that space is as well... it really does feel like home here.

The service was truly outstanding the entire night.  Bill, our sommelier, was so kind and patient.  My girlfriend, friend and I are far from wine snobs, and he seemed to understand this and found us the perfect wines without pompousness so often found at high-end restaurants.  My favorite wine of the night was a Scarbolo "Campo del Viotto" Friuli 2006 Merlot... it was the best of 4 different glasses I tried that night. Co-owner Jeff Benjamin stopped by at one point to check on us, which was also comforting.  Our main waitress and other waiters were incredibly attentive the entire evening (I believe we were there for 4 hours!)... one person on staff even ran up to Broad St. to buy my friend a pack of cigarettes.  Outstanding, outstanding service!

I haven't even talked about the food yet.  We decided to forget about costs and make it a night to remember, so we created our own tasting menu-- that is, we essentially ordered and shared (almost) the majority of the menu.  Here's some of what we had:

-Antipasti: foie gras pastrami, golden sweet onion crepe (highly recommend), spinach gnocchi (must have), persimmon salad, and cauliflower flan (recommend... very unique)

-Main dishes: chestnut fettucini w/wild boar ragu (amazing dish... very Northern Italian!!), roasted turbot (very tasty fish), and my favorite dish of the night, veal served on a warm stone.  The veal was so juicy, tender, and flavorful... and how awesome to eat it off a stone.  I had the option to cook it further by simply turning it over after 5 minutes or so.

We wound down our evening by sharing desserts (honestly, I forget what exactly I had other than it had tons of chocolate and, surprise surprise, was exceptionally good). I had a glass of madeira wine, which was fabulous. 

If we weren't among the last guests in the restaurant, we might have stayed all night and helped the staff shut the place down.  We clearly turned our dinner there into an all-night, pricey experience, but I think it's very possible to go there and have a relatively short and simple meal as well.  Regardless, Vetri is a very special place that I hope to return to again and again and again during my time here in Philly.
Ok...ok. The food is good, really really good. But $457 and some odd dollars for everything after it is said and done is a bit much, especially since my fiance doesn't drink. I feel the majority of the reviews for this place are great because people feel they have to justify the money they spent so they don't feel like a jerk afterwards....SO HERE IT IS I FEEL LIKE A JERK. 

The ambience....eh, I felt like I was in my home where I grew up which was nice but instead of mom bringing out mac and cheese from the box with hot dogs, some chubby little waitress kept bringing out dish after dish of delicate pasta's, truffle ravioli's, crab something or an other. At one point I didn't finish something and I told the waitress it was only "ok", she brought out something different for me to try. Ma, sure didn't do that growing up. "Eat it go hungry was moms motto" 

So all in all the food again is great but for about 1/3 of the price you can so somewhere else and get JUST as good food without dropping a STUPID amount of money. I'll leave it on this note, when we left my fiance said "Ah man, I could have bought a pair of shoes with that money". ,not "Oh babe, that truffle oil was amazing with crab ravioli" 

Marc, you're great and all but it is your place...no salary of a chef, overhead can't be that much. I didn't have some exotic monkey brains that were flown in from Madagascar right? I had some ravioli's.... I know truffles are expensive but everywhere else makes it affordable.
It honestly baffles me when reviewers take stars off of Vetri because of: 

a) the price; and

b) the fact that the only thing that you can order is the seasonal tasting menu.

In response to people groaning about the price: 

Vetri is the best meal I have ever had anywhere, period. I saved up to take my boyfriend there for his birthday and it was worth every penny. You should expect to spend money because you decided to make a reservation at Vetri. It has been repeatedly called one of the best restaurants in American and the best italian restaurant in America. These accolades are not an overstatement, the food at Vetri was phenomenal and left me satisfied for the entire next day (more about this when I address the anti-tasting menu people). 

Also, we got the wine pairing in addition to the tasting menu. I recommend doing this; seriously do not skimp. You are already at Vetri so experience it in its entirety! 

In response to those who apparently feel the need for more variety than a seasonal tasting menu: 

Again, you made reservations at Vetri - knowing in advance (because the maitre'd informed you on the phone) - that the restaurant only serves guests the seasonal tasting menu. That being said, who cares? Marc Vetri is a freakin' genius and makes delicious food. Every course of our meal (which was 12 courses) elicited a "This is the best thing I have ever eaten response." I am not going to go over the highlights because the menu changes seasonally, and it would be absolutely cruel to tease anyone with descriptions of the dishes. 

Having said this, go to Vetri - but do not think that you are spending under $500 if you are getting the wine pairing, so follow Scar's advice and be prepared.
Decided to take another visit to Vetri to celebrate a number of things, including getting through wedding planning alive (those of you married folk KNOW that is cause for celebration).  At our last visit, we did ala carte, so we were excited to do the tasting menu this time (since now that is all they offer).

This was sort of an impromptu visit- we made our 645 reservation the night before for the Fourth of July, which was pretty awesome because everyone else in Philadelphia were either at the beach or standing on the Parkway.

For anyone who is unfamilar, Vetri offers a 6 course tasting menu for $135, with optional wine and beer pairings.  ** Note- I just learned from the website, they are increasing their price to $155 in September 2012 **  They give you the menu at the start of the meal and ask if there are any particular dishes you do/do not want to taste.  We didn't get the wine/beer pairings and we told the waitress to surprise us with the dishes.  And so our journey began....

First, they brought out complimentary glasses of prosecco along with a bowl of crudite and this amazing balsamic vinegar jam.  They also brought out a plate with some salumi, foie gras on crackers, and a vegetable tart. 

The next course was our fish dishes.  I had a piece of fatty tuna wrapped around burrata cheese and my husband had a dungess crab salad with peaches.  Both were excellent.

Then came two pasta/vegetable dishes each.  Between us we had: the spinach gnochhi, the sweet onion crepe, the corn and mushroom ravioli, and the almond tortellini.  By far, my favorite was the sweet onion crepe.  We had it the first time we visited as well.  MAKE SURE TO GET THIS DISH!

The next course was another pasta dish (I can't really remember what exactly was in there) and a piece of grilled beef with some grilled vegetables.  Good but not as memorable as the other dishes before them.

Next, we had our meat entrees.  I'm going to be committing blasphemy here, but I have to say the meat dishes were not my favorites :(  only because I mostly tend to eat vegetarian when I can.  My husband, however, was in full-on carnivore mode and devoured it.  But I digress... So the two dishes they brought were the pouisson (basically a little chicken, for unclassy peeps like me) and a goat dish with creamy polenta.  Don't get me wrong, they were very very very good, but I would have rather had extra servings of the pasta-- I know that for next time.

Finally, we moved on to the dessert portion of our meal.  They brought us this black cherry sorbet and some petit fours, following by two desserts-- a pistachio flan and a strawberry strudel with greek yogurt.  The pistachio flan was by far our favorite. I was really tempted to ask the waiter to wrap up the plate so I could lick it clean at home.  I'd promise to bring it back the next day!

OK, so the food is beyond amazing.  To comment on the ambiance-- I love how this place feels-- super cozy and totally not pretentious, despite the ultra gourmet food and hefty price tag.  Same feeling about the service-- all the waiters were friendly, warm, and knowledgable.  Such a great combination!

Overall, this is a place where you will drop a few Benjamins.  However, you will have a truly memorable and delicious experience.  I, like most who have visited, highly recommend it!
My review will likely include a lot of the same info from other reviews here on yelp.

Was the meal fabulous?
Absolutely

Was it over $700 fabulous?
Not really

When you go to Vetri, you're prepared to drop a pretty penny.  The service is amazing, and so is the food.  It is an experience that everyone should try if they're ok with the pricepoint.  With that being said, I have had meals of similar quality for much less.
Happy birthday to me!

We enjoyed (see photos):

~Stuzzichini (appetizers) with Prosecco (pastrami-spiced foie gras on toast was killer!)

~Vegetables with basalmic crema

~New Jersey tomato and corn tortino

~Piedmontese carpaccio with figs

~Sweet onion crepe with truffle fondue (Vetri classic)

~Four Story Hill duck stuffed with chorizo

~Spinach gnocchi with brown butter (Vetri classic)

~Almond tortellini with truffle sauce

~Agnolotto with pistachio vellutate

~Lorighittas with Frutti di Mare

~Culirgones with corn and chevrot

~Roasted lamb with Nebrodini and Moliterno

~Capretto with stone-milled polenta (Vetri classic)

~Pre-dessert of blackberry and sorbet

~Pre-dessert macaroons, etc

~Cheese course, including Époisses de Bourgogne & amazing an sweet green pepper marmalade

~Birthday cake
Leaving Vetri I was reminded of when I ask a friend who has a terrible child if they regret having kids. They always tightly smile and say no, but we all know the truth and the parent has to lie to justify the cost. After spending an evening at Vetri and spending $600, one must smile and say it is worth it. It truly isn't. In fact, we now use Vetri as a currency comparison. Such as, we went to an amazing Thai place and it cost 1/20th a Vetri. I would much rather go to the Thai place 20 times. Save your money and spread cash around to restaurants that actually reflect the cost of the food.

Food was very good and service was excellent, but all my desires to go to French Laundry or expansive places has vanished.
Let me start off by saying that the house staff was wonderful.  They were friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  Having said that, the food was a real disappointment at times.  SOME of the pasta dishes were the only truly delicious items to grace the table.  Between my dining companions, we had the following dishes which were tasted by all, so this is not solely my opinion:

foie gras pastrami with blueberry jam: tasty

wild fowl sausage with salt cured egg yolk, basil, and potatoes: tasty

spinach gnocchi with shaved ricotta and brown butter: shockingly lacking in any flavor, although the gnocchi itself was light and wonderful

almond tortellini with white truffle sauce: AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS

pappardelle with pork ragu: not bad, but too much acid, and the pappardelle was a tad mushy

fettuccine with octopus bolognese: would have been just ok, but too much salt made it un-enjoyable

chicken liver ravioli with trumpet royale mushrooms: good, although the liver flavor was a half-step too much and should have been balanced better

garganelli with sweet corn and scallions: very sweet corn flavor throughout, very nice summer dish

roasted capretto (baby goat) with soft polenta: this dish summarized the experience.  It was just ok.  There was nothing amazing about it, but nothing terribly wrong.  Again, too much salt.  One expects more from Vetri, though.  

shaved Berkshire pork with melon: this dish was downright awful.  a total miss by the kitchen.  literally sliced pork (seemingly unseasoned) in a POOL of olive oil and not-yet-ripe melon cubes.  It went half-uneaten, which at this price point, should say something to the kitchen.

chocolate polenta souffle: this was a molten chocolate cake, not a soufflé !!! nor was it special in any way.

stone fruit tart with almond sorbet: bizarre.  The too-tough pastry was worked too much, and had an odd hint of meat flavor.  The plums were unflavorful (how does this happen in a restaurant like this?!  Did they not taste the plums?) At least the almond gelato was good.

Overall: we spent $120 pp inc tax and tip and won't go back.
Top notch service. Great wine selection. Made a solid negroni despite not having a cocktail menu (I was skeptical). Delicious bread. A lot of the experience was great. I wish I could give a 3.5 rating as this is what it really should be, but Yelp does not let me do that. 

I repeat - I am giving Vetri a 3.5 rating (not a 3, not a 4). And also note - we came on a la carte night as we have been unable to commit to a date outside of this and figured it would be a good gateway to wanting to come back for the tasting menu.  

We had a number of great things, don't get me wrong. But the low point for me was the main entree which was very disappointing. The kanpachi crudo, the tortellini pie - to die for. Both were amazing. We then had the swiss chard gnocchi w/ brown butter and the ricotta ravioli with mandarinquats. Also quite awesome and delicious. But then we had the bollito misto and the capretto w/ stone milled polenta. And neither delivered IMO. Both were quite disappointing and not memorable in a good way. 

Thankfully, the wine and the lemon posset (dessert) at the end really helped get the experience back on track. But that said, I left wishing I would have ordered more of the different pastas that are on the menu (since I could not stop thinking about the ones that we did have). And I keep wondering if it is worth the $320 (including tip) that we spent. 

I have been to a number of great restaurants that have hype surrounding them (for example: Disfrutar and Tickets in Barcelona, and O Ya in Boston to name a few) and have not been disappointed. Because of that, I have to be honest with myself and say that Vetri did not deliver on the 5 star experience that I was expecting based on the hype and reviews. They had me expecting more, but I was left expecting more.
I almost did not write a review for Vetri. It's the kind of experience that leaves you speechless. From the beginning to the end, every dish was divine and the service's attention to detail was stunning - Vetri represents the pinnacle of Italian cuisine.

We arrived a bit early for our 8:45pm reservation. The dining room was running a bit behind, but the maitre d' made all guests comfortable by promptly greeting people as they walked in, taking coats, and offering glasses of prosecco. Once we were seated, an enormous platter bearing four different types of hor d'oeuvres arrived, and we met our server, Diana, who explained each type to us with a clear passion for the food she described. All were delicious, especially the salumi.

After our first delectable bites, Diana returned to explain the menus and to discuss wine. As others have mentioned, Vetri's menu is full of choices; however, it is best enjoyed by perhaps choosing one or two items you must try, and leaving the rest to the discretion of the chef. I was impressed by how personalized each menu was - we did not all receive the same dishes for each course, which I loved because we got to trade bites! Also impressive: Diana did not take any notes at all during the menu selection and everything came out perfectly. When one member of our party agonized between the dover sole and the quail stuffed with foie gras, Diana and the chef went above and beyond by making sure that everyone at the table got to try both.

Every dish was excellent - our favorites of the evening were the sweet onion crepe with truffle sauce, the kale ricotta gnocchi and the ravioli stuffed with aromatic almond risotto, the dover sole accompanied by capers and a light tomato sauce, the wonderfully al dente mezze rigatoni with duck ragu, and the almost overwhelmingly decadent quail with foie gras. The desserts were excellent as well - I especially enjoyed the fluffy and creamy cannoli cake and the tangy lemon tart. At the end of the dinner, I was left in awe of how each dish was so spectacular individually, and yet the whole meal had a lovely flow and cohesiveness to it.

Diana was also extremely helpful when it came to the wine list - she was able to describe the particulars of each wine and really made every single one she talked about sound appealing. One member of our party opted to do the wine pairing while the rest of us shared a bottle. However, Diana felt that our choice would be too heavy for our first course, so she gave us a pour of a white wine that had been aged in stainless steel. I've never been to a restaurant before where the server, recognizing that the choice of wine might detract from a dish, opts to bring out a different wine for that course. The attention to detail was just incredible. Other standouts (as relayed to me by our wine pairing member) included a red wine aged in cement and another red wine that was a mix of "playful grapes" from central Italy. 

This review is now much too long, and yet I still feel like I have not conveyed how incredible this meal was. At $155/person (plus wine), Vetri is one of the more expensive dining options in Philadelphia, but they certainly make it special. To enjoy such an intimate, personalized menu of such high caliber, and to encounter probably one of the best servers in the city all in one dinner was truly a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Finally got an elusive Saturday evening reservation to Vetri, after about fifteen years of trying off an on, with little success.  The service was outstanding; you'd be hard-pressed to find better anywhere.  It's a VERY small place; the original location of Le Bec Fin, actually.  Very cute room, maybe ten tables or so, and somewhat less formal than I anticipated based on the price.  The room has a very romantic atmosphere, and despite the very loose dress code (the male diner next to us was wearing a t-shirt, and had his pants down so  you could see his boxers) was very reminiscent of a small family-run italian restaurant you'd find in Italy.  

The chef welcomes guests with a complimentary flute of dry prosecco as well as a house cured meat amuse consisting of four offerings including house cured salami and foie gras.  A very nice beginning.  

We found that included in the $155 pre fixe was soft drinks and coffee/tea afterwards, which was also a nice change from the traditional a la carte options.  

The menu is a pre-fixe, however the general theme is that the chef chooses from the options for the guests.  My GF and I each received different courses, and we shared.  You are able to select your options if you like, and can provide any preferences or allergy information as well.  We felt no pressure at all to adhere to the chef's choice, but chose to do so and be surprised with the selections.  

I didn't take a detailed inventory of each dish, however there were a total of six courses, including dessert, plust two additional courses that were shared, the (rather large) amuse, and a pre-dessert.  So, it ends up being more like nine courses if you count the two shared options as one per diner.  

Every dish was impeccably prepared and served, and we enjoyed everything.  That being said, despite a good experience, we both felt the value for what is (unless you take into consideration the Morimoto omakase that can go north of $200 if you so desire) the most expensive restaurant/pre fixe in the city was somewhat a disappointment.  Having sampled similar pre fixe menus in Philadelphia, New York, and abroad, I think this one falls down in the area of value, though certainly not in preparation nor execution.  

While we had a nice evening, the meal just didn't seem to rise to the same "special restaurant" level that you'd find at Le Bec Fin, The Fountain, Lacroix, etc., based on the cost.  It's definitely worth the visit, but may not have the same "revisit" appeal for everyone.
Ok, so clearly I am out of the main stream in terms of my adoration of this fine establishment.  In truth, I would give it 3.5 stars, but that is mostly due to my preference for dining styles.  I have always been a fan of - the more flavors in life the better, and when you dine w/ friends at Vetri, you certainly get your share of variety in sharing tastes.  So where's the beef as they used to say?  And I don't mean in the hoofs and horns kind of way.  I think my issue is with the Gatling gun approach to rolling through the courses.  Although I wouldn't say we were 'rushed' per se it didn't feel at all leisurely or particularly elegant, although we were there for a good 2.5 hrs. 
 
The flavors were indeed very good.  Some were excellent, but most were just so so considering the level they should be in this league.  The wait staff was extremely knowledgeable about the food and especially about the wines.  But they seemed really rushed to drop the plates, explain the offerings and run away.  

So after a $155 tasting fee, and $135 for the premium wines, I'm not feeling the sense of $360 per person value (after tip).  And might I add the pours for the wines could not have been much more than 2 ounces, although some may have been 3 oz, but not a drop more.  I have NOT looked up the prices for the bottles, but this seems awfully steep.  If you are pouring 2.5 oz from a 750 ml bottle you are getting 10 pours per bottle.  With 7 pours for 7 courses you are paying about $20.00 per glass at $135.  Are each of these bottles valued at $200 or more?

So at the end of the day -  glad we went to check this place off.  But wouldn't pick it a second time around.  I would however rush back to Osteria, another of Mark Vetri's establishments.  Felt the service and food there were above par compared to Vetri.
Full review in blog - highlights below

Opened in 1998 and consistently named as one of the 40-best restaurants in the country by Gayot the intimate 40-seat space serves as host to a Beard Award winning chef, wine program, and service staff...it has also been called the best Italian restaurant in America by both Alan Richman and Mario Batali.   With such high praise Vetri had been number one on my "to visit" for approximately 8 months - in other words, since I dined at Per Se.

One of four amuses would be the Foie Gras Pastrami with peach mustarda on brioche.  Smooth as butter, spiced precisely like pastrami, and accented by the sweet compote - a beautiful bite that I could have certainly tolerated in greater abundance.

Dish two was the Sweet Onion Crepe with truffled parmesan fondue and parmesan gratinee.  Utilizing caramelized golden onions rolled with cheese into the form of a crepe and then sliced the round is then topped with grated parmesan and broiled.  Subsequently plated onto an inverted bowl in a shallow pool of truffle accented fondue the presentation is actually quite subtle - but the flavor is anything but.  Aromatic without being pungent, salty without overpowering the nuance, crispy on the exterior and smooth within - perhaps the best thing ever done with an onion.

Dish three, Spinach Gnocchi in Brown Butter was everything I'd hoped for and more.  Having been told jokingly by a friend the day before that I should keep my hands above the plate to make sure these perfect dumplings didn't float away my first bite awakened me to exactly what he meant - light as a cloud yet so densely packed with flavor that they did not even seem real.  Made of only sieved spinach, egg, and a "spot" of cream the four balls rested unassumingly in a pool of scalded butter with shredded smoked ricotta atop yet somehow the whole was much more than the sum of its parts - the best gnocchi I've ever had, even if they contained none of the ingredients of traditional gnocchi at all.

Dish four, Almond Tortellini was anything but simple and restrained - as a matter of fact, its complexity given the minimalist ingredients was perhaps more impressive than the gnocchi. Packed to almost bursting the pockets of pasta were soft and smooth while the interior of risotto and creamy cheese provided a nuanced contrast.  Topped with crunchy toasted almonds and lightly sauced with a reduced white truffle sauce the entirety of the plate was everything Vetri promises about ingredient purity and simplistic technique of preparation - flawless.

Dish five, was "Capretto" or Baby Goat on soft golden polenta.  With crispy skin giving way to smoky grilled loin (I was told I got "the best piece") the flavor of the goat was much less meaty than the version at Komi and the skin was far less crispy - it was almost like a different animal.  Pairing the mesquite grilled flavor with the buttery smooth polenta was a nice variation in texture, but overall I think I fancy a less refined approach for goat.

Dessert was signature Chocolate Polenta Souffle with Vanilla Gelato arrived.  Not technically a soufflé in presentation the dessert was fantastic in smell and taste, but most interesting in texture.  Utilizing Italian cornmeal in the almost "lava cake" presentation the interior was not precisely molten, but more like the interior of a soufflé while the exterior possessed a crunchy coating not unlike a canele.  Paired with creamy vanilla gelato that tasted almost as if it were yogurt based this was classic "chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream" done, like everything else, simply and expertly.

When it was all said and done I made my way from the final stop on the tour of Vetri very happy but at the same time thinking that when (not if, but when) I come back I would likely not go for the Degustazione again.  While a great deal at $145 for 9 courses plus Prosecco, amuses, mignardises, and take home muffins (essentially the same number of courses and gifts as The French Laundry at $240 and Per Se at $275) there is a certain kind of "plate envy" that occurs when you see a menu with 15 options that sound great and you only get 8 of them - a nagging part of me that wished I'd have offered to pay double to try everything, or to go during the week and order the grand tasting plus multiple supplements.  Some may call the previous statement gluttonous...that's okay, I'm fine with being labeled as such when every single course at three different restaurants was good to great while the service and setting was equally grand.
if i were on death row, do you think i could ask for the grand tasting menu from vetri as my last meal?
the sig-o surprised me for my birthday with dinner here... so already things are off to a great start.  the place is a classy-lookin' home, and although it almost feels like you could just sit back like you were in grandma's living room, the constant roving of servers and bussers and sommelier makes you realize that this isn't grandma's.

vetri does several things well: pasta and anything ridiculously rich and calorie-full (i'm looking at you, spinach gnocchi and sweet onion crepe!)...  
so needless to say, this goes on the list of the top 5 meals of my lifetime.  i came home, and didn't move for about 2 hours.   

so yes, i loved it.  would i go again next week, next month? probably not.  maybe in a few years, to celebrate something again.
When I go to dinner I expect to buy dinner, but going to Vetri means paying for an experience! 

In past visits the offering was a chefs choice menu with several courses, usually including a pasta. On this recent visit diners could choose their selections. 

Fish, pasta, and offerings far outside of traditional fare. Exquisitely presented with various sauces or complimentary flavors that will take you on a culinary adventure found in very few places nationwide. 

A small venue of a hundreds year old row home allow a host of knowledge, passionate, professional servers with complete understanding of the dishes to fill in every detail of what you are eating. 

Get the wonderful wine pairing from the resident sommelier and let her take you through Italy and describe varieties you likely haven't tried. 

Fun. Just fun and palate expanding. An experience you'll cherish.
Phenomenal service, as expected from a restaurant of this caliber. Decor and atmosphere is more traditional with a home feeling (think wood molding and wainscoating). Their tasting menu offered a variety of Italian dishes - each one beautiful and very carefully plated. Between my wife and I, we got to try around 12-15 different plates. Each plate is unique in taste and texture, and we liked the majority of them. Although plates are small, we were full by the end and had to wrap up our desserts to go.

There are a handful of these type of high end price fixed menu restaurants in center city, but Vetri is not my favorite. Although the service is exceptional and the food is very good, I don't think it is good enough to justify the price. I left very satisfied but slightly disappointed because I feel that Vetri is a little overrated.
This is for the pop-up dinner with Georges Perrier on Friday July 24th

So for those of you that aren't aware, Marc Vetri does pop-up dinners on the 2nd floor of the restaurant when the room isn't rented out. He doesn't announce that he is doing this until the day of the pop-up and he uses social media to let everyone know. You need to call the restaurant, leave a message, and hope that you get a call back. This was the first time I had been in town when this happened. I happened to be on social media (Instagram) when he posted about it and I called. I got a call back within minutes and was able to score 2 seats for the 8:30 pm seating (there is a 6:00 pm and 8:30 pm seating). 

We arrived on time and the staff was still setting up the table. Once ready we were all led upstairs into the upstairs kitchen, here Marc Vetri, Georges Perrier, Brad Spence, Vetri's sommelier, and other members of the staff greeted us with chilled asparagus soup, kuchi oysters topped with lemon gelato, and glasses of prosecco. During this time we chatted amongst each other and with the chefs. Everyone was extremely friendly and we were all able to get a sense of what we were in for dinner. After about 10-15 minutes, we were asked to move to the dining room to take our seats. They assign seats so that you don't have to worry about jockeying over them, the table is very large and there were 18 of us seated, while it was cosy it wasn't cramped. 

Chef Vetri came out and talked us through some of the things they would be serving and just commented generally that he loves doing these dinners and that everything would be served family style, which is pretty amazing. I ordered some red wine to go with the dinner and they also had white wine and the selection was quite nice I have to say. Then the food started to arrive, crabcakes from La Bec Fin, mashed potatoes, polenta, seafood salad, rigatoni with bolognese, beef bourguignon, bread, and probably a few other things that I am forgetting. 

Basically this was like a dream, it happened way too fast, I kept eating and eating and eating because the food was just spectacular, there is no other word, maybe flawless. 

After the carnage, Vetri came back out and just chatted with everyone for about 15 minutes which was awesome. The meal ended with a fruit soup accompanied with gelato. The perfect ending really, light and refreshing. I also had a digestif which was great and I think I might be hooked on those now. 

So basically this was one of the best dining experiences that I have had so far and I can't wait to go back for another one of these pop-ups, this is the way to dine.
Brought my boyfriend here for a surprise birthday dinner on a Thursday night.  Our reservation was for 8:30 and they seated us right away.

Before coming here, I was debating on whether to go for the tasting menu or go a la carte.  I gave the birthday boy the choice and he opted for a la carte.  Looking back, I think it was a good choice for us.  We are not huge eaters, tend to eat semi-veg, and typically do not eat this late in the evening (yes, we are 28 going on 88).

We started with two antipasti to share- the sweet onion crepe and the wilted green salad with egg and pancetta.  Both were delicious!  My favorite was the sweet onion crepe.  The bread they brought out was pretty good-- but the olive oil was awesome!  It tasted like it was freshly pressed in the kitchen!

We both ordered pasta dishes for our main courses- he got the chestnut fettucine with wild boar ragu and i got the spinach gnocchi.  I tasted his-- tasted like beef stew fettucine-- but that is a good thing!  I was very full from my gnocchi and actually had to bring home some leftovers.  

For dessert, we got the lavender gelato with olive oil.  Which was awesome as well.  And since it was my boyfriend's birthday they brought him out a selection of petit fours and a tiny little piece of cake with a candle.

I honestly think the price wasn't too too bad.  Like I said, we are not huge eaters so it was plenty of food for us, but I could see how maybe for someone else it may not be enough.  We each ordered one drink (me a glass of white win, him a beer) and the total including tip was around $125.  

Next time a special occasion comes around, I would definitely come back to Vetri.  I would probably go a la carte again next time and get a few half portions of the pasta, so we can try all their pasta specialties.
Perhaps we were at Vetri on the worst night they ever had. I hope so. Vetri has been great for the city and we live nearby. But what we had was a first class price, not a first class experience. One fellow whom Vetri thought fit to welcome wore a t-shirt and cargo shorts, though he was a picture of refinement next to a four-top whose one member vomited on the table and floor, a kind of real-life reenactment of the Monty Python scene. We unfortunately had a front row seat for this. The staff grabbed the linens, and once the people were gone re-set the table -- without wiping any surfaces until I spoke up and insisted. The meal? Well...Some very nice moments for sure, but with two bad misfires. A badly prepared ribeye, raw and chewy, unseasoned -- a complaint the GM later responded to by saying they've had "great feedback" from others (presumably from such experts as the guy in the cargo shorts) and a cheese course with goat cheese so overripe it was separating, with ammonia smells that would have been appropriate and very welcome had they come from the floor and the table where the vomit had just landed. That staff thought it appropriate to keep rolling out the courses to us, was more bad judgment in a situation they hadn't of course created but handled ineptly. It was as if it was time to turn the tables over. All this for a mere $630 including tax and tip, with the GM later, having had time to, um, digest the whole thing, offering to make up for the disaster "next time," including helping with a reservation to get in. What do you say to an offer like that, thank you, master, and may I have another? Oh, and they gave us a cook book, a memento to remind us of the experience should we ever manage to forget it. We anticipated a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and I hope that's exactly what it was.
My husband and I went to Vetri for our anniversary back in April, and decided to do it up right with the chef's tasting menu and the wine pairing.  It was worth every penny.  It is by far the most we have ever paid for a meal, but I wouldn't hesitate to do it again.  The only downside is that would require another big celebration to justify the price tag.

I liked how small it was; it felt both quaint and exclusive.  The tables seemed a bit close together, but not prohibitively so. The waiters are very aware of their space here, and I saw no problems navigating to the tighter spots for them...  unlike other restaurants (brassiere perrier?) where you are blantantly cramped, and the waiters are always bumping into you when serving the surrounding tables.  It was good enough for lower personal conversations, but close enough that we struck up a friendly conversation with our neighbor as we were finishing up our meals to compare/rave about the different items we had.        

Our meal was very relaxed, I didn't find the waiters intrusive at all.  I enjoyed hearing about the different wines included in the pairing, and I especially liked that a list of the wines served were included with our tasting menu to take home.  I found myself at a few points trying to pace myself with all the food and wine, that I created a small backlog of glasses.  The waiters weren't rude at all, or trying to rush me to finish them, which was very comforting, since I felt silly with 3 wine glasses in front of me.  

On to the food:  Excellant, Superb, Best I've ever had, Ruined me for other restaurants as there is no way they could top it.  Etc...

With our tasting menu we were able to try a lot of their items.  Some were not as good as the others, but the others were so good, it more than made up for it.  Also, my husband and I debated if the things we didn't like as much were because they weren't a dish we particularly liked, or just because they werent as over-the-top phenomenal as the other things.  

Our favorite items were the spinach gnocchi and the short rib ravioli.  10 stars.  It is unreal how the gnocchi melts in your mouth.

We also enjoyed the sweet onion crepe, duck terrine (tasted like Bologna, but in a good way), crispy sweetbreads with rhubarb &amp; crudo with local radish.

Our entrees were still good, but not great.  We had the Baby goat and Bass fillet.  These came right after the gnocchi &amp; ravioli though, so that might've had something to do with it.

We also were not impressed with dessert.  My husband had a chocole polenta souffle, which was decent and I had the Zucotto "tuscan parfait" which I barely ate.  

I'm very interested to try out Osteria, which is Mark Vetri's other restaurant.  I know it's not supposed to be as good (how could it!), even though it ranked higher in the Philly magazine top 50 (#1 for Osteria to Vetri's #7).  But if it has the same flair, its bound to be great.
My wife and I have dined at 3 other Vetri restaurants, including Osteria maybe 4 times.  His food and service have been consistently top notch.  So when we finally made it to Vetri, I was surprised at our experience here.  Although the service was impeccable, the food was not consistent.

When we first saw the interior, we were impressed with how intimate and rustic it is.  There is a huge coffee maker right in the middle of the dining room, which kind of sets the tone of "this is a casual trattoria"  and "you better have a cup of cappucino at the end of your meal!"

As soon as we sat down we were given a complimentary glass of Prosecco, a plate of hors d'oeuvres, and a cup of crudités with a marvelous dipping sauce.  The plate's highlights were a beautifully prepared salmon layered with cream cheese that was gorgeous and a foie gras on toast that was heavenly.

The service all throughout the dinner was absolutely exemplary.   I think every single person in the front of the house visited us at least once.  Other reviewers have noted that the staff is very knowledgeable about the wines.  I would say that about some of them, others just have a good speech.

We did the grand tasting with the grand wines.  All of the wines were beautiful, most were paired well with the courses.

Now the courses:
Conchiglioni with lobster.  Gorgeous sauce, but it overpowered the lobster, whose flavor was already muted by being a mousse.  Green coriander seeds added an explosion of flavor, but the whole dish was not well integrated.

Sweet onion crepe with truffle fondue.  Gorgeous, it reminded me of "eating" French onion soup.  Concentrated flavors without the broth, but better by a wide margin.

Spinach gnocchi.  I have a thing about gnocchi, as maybe most others do.  If it is gummy, it is no good.  This version was gummy.  It was floating in tasty broth and there was actual spinach in it as opposed to spinach juice.  Flavors were ok but nothing special.

Almond tortelloni.  Marvellous.  It reminded me of the Sienese almond confection.  This dish was heavy, aromatic, sweet, it could have been dessert!

Duck stuffed with chorizo.   There were cherries, a cherry reduction I think, and a bit of greens.  Unfortunately the chorizo overpowered everything else, including the wine, a Nebbiolo.

Goat with polenta.  The goat skin was crispy and fantastic, but the goat was rather tough and dry.  When stewed, goat is so tender it melts in your mouth.  Not this version.

We had cheese for dessert along with the sweet dessert.  The Epoisse (French not Italian!) was fantastic.

Although I am being critical of the food, I was enjoying myself and even ordered EXTRA wine from the menu.  Yum.

I'm not sure why the food was so inconsistent.  The chef was there on this night.  It was puzzling and we are hesitant to ever return, particularly given the price point of $290 each before tax and tip.
My husband took me to Vetri for my birthday, and we had a wonderful time. The service, the intimate ambience of the restaurant, and the food were all to die for.  The dishes were very well thought out, and had so much  flavor in every bite. The food definately lived up to it's reputation as being the best of the best in the Philly.

The only reason I gave it four stars was because the restaurant double booked our reservations, and asked us to come in for an earlier reservation. This is difficult to do on a Monday evening when you're coming from work, and you just find this out the afternoon of your reservation. We ended up rushing to the restaurant, and arriving late. Although they were very gracious about our late arrival, it was still slightly irritating to see the many empty tables in the restaurant all night up until we left. I would have thought if they "double booked" our reservation and forced us to come in earlier, the place would have been packed. This definately affected our dining experience as we came into my birthday evening very stressed out and frazzled.
We are so overwhelmed by our night at Vetri, and I'm sure I could fill pages upon pages with praise for the kitchen, the servers and every element of ambiance, so I'll keep it brief.

If you're already going (and ready to splurge) - GO FOR THE WINE PAIRING. It was SO finely orchestrated - each course (each dish!) had it's own pairing and brought out the flavors in the food so perfectly.

Each bite was different, each dish full of flavors, all creating an ongoing symphony of taste. We left full, satisfied and dreaming last night of onion crepes and big, buttery spinach gnocchi. 

Three cheers for Marc Vetri, and what he has built in Philadelphia. We will be back, with friends, and will not stop saying great things about Vetri Cucina.
Now that I've eaten there, here's a review of my experience at the restaurant.  Although I'm updating the review instead of re-writing it, because I believe in first impressions, I'm not going to hold it against the food/ service!

We arrived on time but had to wait for our seats for about fifteen minutes.  I kind of like seeing that because it means that diners are enjoying their time at the restaurant and want to hang out for a bit.  The hostess offered prosecco to those of us waiting, which was a nice gesture.

The tasting menu was definitely much more than the expected five courses.  We weren't exactly counting (until we looked back upon the meal) and were just focused on the food, but we stepped out very full!  For the amount of food and the quality of ingredients, the meal was very much worth the money.  There was also a candle for us at the end of the dinner for our anniversary.  But although the experience was lovely, nothing really stood out, except for this one pasta...but even now I cannot recall what it was (just that it tasted delicious).

The food was simple and straightforward as I'd hoped, but it was so uncreative.  What I mean by this is that 1/3 of all the dishes had brown butter as its sauce.  So it wasn't really sauce but just pasta dredged in brown butter.  Also I'm very fond of the milk solids, but it was mostly the clarified butter that was in the plate :(.  I'm still excited to try other Marc Vetri restaurants, but I'm not sure about going back to Vetri.
A nice experience with lots of food and a very friendly staff. The food is good and you will be stuffed. There are also three bread courses. I really liked the focaccia. The kidney, snapper crudo, and almond tortellini were my favorites. The guinea hen was also very tender although a bit salty. Overall, a nice experience, but a bit pricier than it should be.
Vetri deserves consideration in the same category as 2 or 3 star Michelin Guide restaurants (there is no guide for Philadelphia).

Our party of three chose to forgo selecting our courses and instead allow the chef to provide us a full tasting menu experience.  We had myself (no restrictions), my wife (no veal and no octopus), and our friend (ovolacto-vegetarian).  The staff was graciously accommodating to our dietary restrictions.

We also chose the wine pairings.  What follows is my experience, but I tried several of the other dishes served to my companions and they were all amazing.  Photos to follow...

First course;  Crudités with balsamic olive oil Dijon reduction, Potatoes over garlic aioli, Buffalo mozzarella with EVOO, a Spinach/grain tort, and Foie gras on brioche toast with strawberry reduction. Flavorful and warm palate.

First bread offering;
House tomato focaccia with butter and finishing salt.  Delicious.

Second course;
House cured local beef bresaola over watermelon cantaloupe salad.  Light, sweet, and savory.

Third course;
Braised Octopus and pork belly.  Lipstick peppers.  Chicharron and lime salt.  Very well prepared.

Second bread offering;
Semolina focaccia.  Intriguing taste and texture.

Fourth course;
Trio of pasta.  Swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter, almond tortellini with truffle sauce, and corn agnolotti.  The three dishes complemented each other very well.

Fifth course;
A second pasta course.  Busiate pasta with pork shank and green peppers.  The hand rolled pasta was delightful and the sauce mild enough to allow the flavor of the fresh pasta to shine through.

Third bread offering;
House made Sourdough.  A nice palate cleanser at this point in the meal.

Sixth course;
Elysian Fields rack of lamb, with a lamb sausage wrapped in greens, and pickled/charred Swiss chard.  Perfectly cooked.

Palate cleanser;
Thomcord grape sorbet (made with olive oil).  Delightful.

Seventh course;
Sweet corn panna cotta with peach and polenta crumbs.  Simple and elegant.  Perfectly prepared.

Finishing;
Caramel bonbon, Plum macaroon, and Chocolate espresso almond opera cake.


Absolutely worth the price and time to visit.
My husband and I have been going to Vetri every year for his birthday since 2005. It continues to prove itself with exceptional food, service, and experiments in fine Italian cuisine that are just out of this world. If you can go for the tasting menu, do it. It gives you an incredible sampling of what Marc Vetri and his kitchen staff have to offer. The service is polite, professional, and always accommodating with special requests. The wine paring is also great, but will leave you heavily intoxicated as well as leaving your wallet in an even more empty state.

Vetri is not cheap. So if you're on a budget, save it for a special occasion. It's well worth it. Reservations can be hard to get, so call ahead at least a few weeks for a weekend. They start taking reservations 2 months in advance.

For a more budget-friendly option, Vetri's 2nd location, Osteria, is also amazing. And, yes, I am happily hopping on the Marc Vetri bandwagon. Not only is he incredibly talented, but really nice too.

Final thoughts...
the spinach gnocchi = absolute heaven
My husband and I went to Vetri last night to celebrate my birthday. The atmosphere was cozy and refreshingly low-key for such a refined meal. 

We were greeted with glasses of Prosecco and asked our food allergies and aversions. We informed the servers (I say servers because we were asked for this information multiple times which seemed like a good sign) no shellfish and no beef so we can share everything. I was served TWO shellfish courses that ignored this request. I am mildly allergic, but it could have poisoned my husband if he tried to snag a bite. And a dead spouse makes for a terrible birthday present...unless you hate them. Then maybe it's just what you always wanted. But, I am digressing. 

The first time it happened I just let it go and shuffled the food around. The second time a server was happy to replace it. But really, when a meal costs upwards of $400 dollars including tax and tip, this shouldn't happen. You should be able to trust what you are served. I think this can be a consequence of a serving style where everyone pitches in. Things get lost in whisper down the lane. This seems to have happened to other reviewers as well, so I'm not alone. 

That said, everything we could eat was absolutely delicious. So to be fair, I'll split the difference in my rating between the very good and the very bad.
My expectations were high for this place. On service and ambiance it certainly did not disappoint. Service was impeccable to say the least. Lots of helpful food and wine pairing suggestions from all. At the end we opted for the tasting menu (truly seemed like the best way to really get a feel for the food). The wine pairings were perfect with the menu offerings but the options brought out to us were hit and miss. For example for one of our appetizers we ended up with a fried tempura dish. Although it was tasty, it seemed fairly boring for a dish at Vetri -the food mecca.

For the main course we ended up with the goat which was tasty ,but quite small.. At the end of the day I walked away slightly hungry and $400 poorer. For the price and quantity of food offered there's better dining options in the city...
I have been wanting to try Vetri for years. Maybe my hopes were too high, but I was a bit disappointed - especially given the $155 price tag. 

The service was excellent, particularly the wine service. 

The food, on the other hand, was uneven. The scallop and the gnocchi dishes were incredible, but the other dishes - wild boar pasta, roast, some awful bone marrow dish my friend received, and the desserts were not good enough to warrant the price tag. Moreover, I felt like each dish was heavier than the next. I wish the menu was better balanced with a few more dishes that had a lighter touch. After the scallops, it was all meat, pasta and heavy sauces. 

Finally, I was with two friends and I hated that we each received something different at each course and we had no input on who received what. I understand respectingt eh vision of the chef, but what about serving the tastes of the customers?  

I go to a lot of high end restaurants and a lot of multi course dinners. I'm not uncomfortable spending well over $150 for a meal, BUT, I also expect a meal in this price range to be amazing and I was far from amazed at Vetri. 

And I'm actually a little surprised it has done this well for so long. There are so many other great choices in Philly. I expect to pick one of me the next time I am looking for a good upscale meal in the area.
I was VERY lucky to attend a private event at Vetri last week and I've been raving about it ever since! Our event started in a spacious kitchen with prosecco and appetizers, followed by an interactive cooking demo by Marc Vetri himself featuring homemade almond tortellini [which we'd later have with dinner]. Marc was funny, friendly, and super knowledgeable. 

Following the demo, we were led up a few steps to my future dining room/private event room. Seriously though, the 20+ foot dining room table surrounded by espresso machines, liquor carts and a wine cooler wall was amazing. Dinner was perfectly timed with just enough time between courses to digest. The portions were small but I was [almost] painfully full by the end. The service was nothing short of 5 star; my wine and water glasses were never empty, my napkin was refolded when I used the restroom, and the servers were never more than a few feet away.

Our event dinner menu featured beef carpacio, a sweet onion crepe with truffle fonduta, swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter, almond tortellini with truffle sauce, risotto cacio e pepe, peking duck with pear, and pumpkin cassata. Everything was absolutely amazing and I highly recommend each dish if you're considering hosting an event there. If you do, please invite me? I'm a stellar guest, I promise. :)
I must have gone on an off night. Though the service was impeccable, professional, and sweet, the food was rather fair. The highlights were the sweet onion omelette with truffle and the pistachio flan. Other dishes were just eh. The fish dishes were greasy and the pasta dishes drowned in cheese missed their mark. The fresh veggies dipping in a coagulated balsamic was odd. I really wanted to fall in love but the last straw was the burnt panettone.
PROS: High-quality, sophisticated dishes, great service
CONS: Expensive!!!!!

The main dishes and pasta were really good --- probably as good as it's gonna get anywhere. The desserts were a bit weird. I took a huge bite of the sheep/goat milk gelato... and it was just... salty, with no ounce of sweetness. I guess I should've mixed in the fig 'stuff' beforehand to add some sweetness, but I was not warned... haha. The staff was very accommodating with dietary restrictions and nice overall. Now, was it worth the $200 per person hefty price tag (after tax and tip) ? Sort of. I would happily and willingly pay $100 per person for the food, but I guess now I can say I've been to Vetri and scratch it off my list of things to do in life.
I'm glad I finally made it to Vetri. We waited for 1 month for a reservation (a little ridiculous) but the wait was worthwhile. We did the Saturday grand tasting course. The course comprised of tasty, seasonal dishes. The smoked froie gras amuse bouche, red snapper crudo amuse bouche with sprinkle of sea salt, sweetbread with porcini mushroom, veal ravioli, dry-aged ribeye, chocolate souffle were perfectly seasoned and prepared.

Service was by far the best I've had in anywhere in Philadelphia. The staff was attentive, not pretentious, but very knowledgeable about the food, and, most importantly, really enthusiastic about the food at Vetri (but not in an annoying way). With every change of the course, the silverware was switched, the table was cleaned with scraper, and the water was filled.

If you haven't been there and is waiting for a place to splurge a little bit in Philadelphia, you should definitely come here.
Ok...  So I've eaten at Vetri probably 8-10 times so I'm very familiar with it.  Usually crush the grand tasting with wine flight on the weekend.  This place used to be one of the best spots in the city, but since Marc Vetri has left to go full Steven Starr money grubber opening up crappy spot after crappy spot (Except Amis that is banging) the place has just dropped off.  It's not like the food is bad, but it's the biggest rip-off in the city.  I've probably only paid for a bill here once or twice, which is the only reason I have gone so many times.  If it was on my dime forget it.  I remember one meal which friends were paying for, we had a goat course which was just dry and horrible, and we had the spinach gnocchi which I've had there 6 times and they were tasteless and mushy.  I'm sorry, if you're charging north of $300 per person, then everything better be spectacular every time - no it better be LEGENDARY every time.  It's just not the same as it used to be. Vetri used to hand paint the menus and plan all these ridiculous menu items, now it's basically standard stuff with the occasional new item.  Wine flight is usually unremarkable as well.  Save your money and go to Spraga for the chef's tasting counter, or Vernick (crushes all Vetri restaurants) or La Croix for 4-courses for $75.  Way better ways to spend your money than think you're the coolest kid on the block going to this wack overpriced pretentious donkey paradise.
To start, the food:  Chef Vetri is absolutely brilliant.  His interpretations are true to Italian tradition, each dish focused on a few great ingredients even as his dishes clearly take meticulous care and many hours of preparation.  The result is a diverse feast - from scallops to pastas, vegetables to baby goat - of superb quality, start to finish.                                

As to other aspects of the experience, a mixed bag.  The decor is nice and simple, but at $300+ per person including wine, you'd expect better, especially in seating for a three-hour meal.  The wait staff is generally very good, even if not all of them are as well versed in Italian cuisine and wines as you might expect.  From the person who greets you to the waiters and (especially) the person who brings your bread, they are super-professional, courteous and kind. 

The true disappointment is the captain/manager, the only person wearing a jacket.  At Vetri, they ask you for what you like from a long list of starters and mains, and the chef adds in surprises.  So I was naturally disappointed when our two guests asked for specific dishes and their requests were ignored.  Even a hint to the starchy manager that she "loves" a particular dish went ignored, almost abruptly.

All told, worth it for the food, but also a bit lumpy in the experience.
Marc Vetri is the Brown Butter God. His food is absolutely amazing. 

We went back over the weekend and it was a fantastic time. This time, I wanted to point out how nice their staff is. Every one of them treats you like you're  a regular. They want to make sure you like everything you're eating. If you're not, they send it back and get you something new.

Steve, the sommelier, is still as nice as ever. I wish I could afford to be a regular here!
I don't know how long I've been saying that if the world was ending or if I was dying, the first thing I'd do is rush to Vetri. Thankfully, neither scenario happened, and I was privileged to finally dine there last night. 

With that being said, I obviously preemptively put Vetri Cucina on a pedestal surrounded with unrealistic hype. I had butterflies the moments leading up to my visit of combined sheer giddiness and nerves, that I would somehow be let done. I'm ecstatic to report that my dining experience at Vetri was one of the top dining experiences of my lifetime, and I found it to be truly everything everyone says it is, and more. 

Upon entry to the restaurant, I was actually a little uncertain. The hallway was narrow, and I had to walk through a crowd to get to the hostess stand. That literally was the lowlight of the evening, and that's not even horrible. Every aspect of the evening was stellar from there-on-out. 

Where to begin? Well, to start, I wish I was taking notes. Our server was so knowledgeable that I wish I could've written down everything he said about the food and the wine. The wine paring was extraordinary from the thorough to description to the actual pairing. I had the six-pour pairing and I'd absolutely recommend going that route. I didn't view the actual list until after the meal, I didn't realize that they literally listed the wines and dishes they paired with on the page. This is a great keepsake, and guide for my own future pairings. 

After our aperol spritz, we started with a few "snacks" and a vegetable crudités platter for the table. We passed the veggies and helped ourselves to the snacks from the center of the table. Our next course, after the bread, was our antipasti. I didn't realize the plate in front of me was my tuna crudo, and mine alone. Theoretically, a group could share and pass everything. We did, to some extent, however we mostly ate the plate in front of us. Based on specific wine pairings, this does make sense.  

Taking a step back, before our tasting journey began, our server gave us some time to discuss the menu and our preferences. I was told to "not be shy" if there was something I really wanted to try. While the tasting menu had the element of surprise at every course, the meal was centered around that initial conversation with the server. From just looking at the menu, there were a few standouts that I simply needed to try. 

After the antipasti- we moved on to multiple rounds of pasta. Mamma mia! The swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter was one of the most exquisite things I've ever eaten in my entire life. The gnocchi melted in my mouth as the flavor of the brown butter sauce lingered. This was served with the tortellini with truffle sauce that would've been a knockout on its own. I received the mafaldini with lamb shank ragu as my second pasta course. This was my must-have, and while delicious, the gnocchi still takes the cake. Special shout out to the delectable seafood in the tonnarelli al Frutti di mare that I sampled for one of the other plates

At this point in the meal, I was starting to hurt, however there was no looking back. No food down, no food left behind. Of course, I had to sample the next round of bread that came out- the sourdough. No regrets either. 

I rallied in time for our secondi; in my case, the milk fed veal with asparagus- yet another standout from my initial menu review. I've said this before about veal, however, we have a new winner. This was the BEST veal I've had in my life. We had two different preparations of this tender, tender meat. One was more tender and filet-like, the other was delectably fattier with a slight crisp. There was a dollop of sauce, however I preferred the veal in its own juices. 

Finally, we reached dessert status. Based on our groups eagerness to try everything, our server ended up bringing us one of each dessert option. The pistachio flan was placed in front of me, and the pistachio that oozed out of the flan upon dipping my fork was a highlight. We literally based the plates around the table and it was great to try a little of everything. I hit crazy status when the little pastry tray was placed in the center. Did I need to try one of everything? Probably not, but when at Vetri, you try to eat it all. 

While the food was phenomenal, the staff added to the entire experience. Aside from our fantastic server, the team work and collaboration of guest service was apparent. We had so many people interacting with us throughout the meal that were aiming to please and perfectly harmonized with the actions of their colleagues. 

I was smiling on the outside and smiling on the inside. This meal is a true highlight in my culinary life.  So, I'm so thrilled the world isn't ending and I'm not dying. While I've checked a major item off my bucket list, it's only left me with the taste for more of the finer Vetri Cucina dining experience.
Excellent food and good service the night we dined here. A couple of the dishes were too salty but otherwise very good and well prepared. We went with whatever the chef decided to serve as oppose to selecting our own courses. 

There were too many courses and more than enough food. So much that I was unable to finish the main entree, pork, except for a few bites. Dessert was very good but we had to take one of them with the 4 additional bite size pieces the restaurant gave as take out. 

This is really a special place as many like ourselves were celebrating birthdays, anniversaries and important events.  If you're in Vegas, the chef opened a branch there. We will have to check it out on our next trip there.
Over-hyped and underwhelming translates to significant disappointment. Based on Ruth Reichl's recent review which considered Vetri to be one of the best Italian restaurants on the East coast, we visited last night and tried the tasting menu. While items sound interesting: sweet onion crepe, duck terrine with quince mostarda, chestnut fettucine with wild boar ragu, etc., it was the spinach gnocchi that wins the prize. The gnocchi was excellent, though the many of the other 8 dishes seemed overdone and incongruous. Many small plates were technically well executed, though together lacked coherence. The restaurant itself is a bit too homey, with commercial radio playing in the background and sound reverberating off the walls. The entrance to the restaurant is too small and a 30 minute delay spent standing in confined quarters adds little to the experience. 

If this is the best of Philadelphia, I would recommend saving at least $200 and trying ANY other neighborhood restaurant. -The ambiance will be similar and while the spinach gnocchis will not be the same, you will have a much more pleasant dining experience and you might be pleasantly surprised.
It's hard to get a reservation here and it should be. I've found if you're in the neighborhood, you can pop in around 8:30 and ask if they have any openings. I've gotten a table twice that way.

This is one of my favorite restaurants. Why? It isn't the decor. It's pleasant, small, a little crowded and sometimes noisy.

However the service has always been good and the food is exceptional.

What would I recommend? Homemade pasta. The stuffed tagliatelle with foie gras and sweet onions, squash gnocchi with brown butter and pancetta and the chestnut fettucine with wild boar ragu they were serving in December were memorable. The gnocchi seems to melt in your mouth.

The goat is also different and very good. Crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. I've had good fish and the desserts are well done.

But order a variety of pasta, more than one, it's what they do best.
Food: 3.5 (objectively 4, but too few exceptional dishes to justify the price)
Service: 5+
Ambiance: 4.5

Food:
We dined at Vetri recently.  We came expecting the best dining experience in Philadelphia.  Although the service and ambiance delivered, the food was uneven.  There are no bad (or even mediocre) dishes, and quite a few good ones.  But almost nothing is truly exceptionally creative.  In general, the quality of the food descended as the meal progressed, and each section of the menu appeared to have some options that were clearly better than others.

The amuse bouches were generally interesting and delicious, with a few standouts, even if none were overwhelmingly novel.  In particular, the squid tempura and the foie gras were both great beginnings.   The other amuses were fine, but not worth noting.

The antipasti continued this theme of uneven delivery.  The veal tartare with sweetbreads was a hit for all diners (even for those who do not like tartare).  The tartare complimented perfectly with the sweetbreads, creating well thought-out combinations of texture, flavor, and temperature.  Slightly less novel but still delicious was the onion crepe, which primarily tasted like a fantastic French onion soup delivered in an interesting pastry format.  

Much less successful was the tortellini pie.  Despite the dog and pony show of bringing out the entire pie beforehand, and how delicious it looks, the finished product mainly tastes like an uninteresting twist on combining a nicely-executed but unexceptional baked ziti with some extra cheese and some extra dough from a Pillsbury crescent roll.  That is, the flavors were relatively straightforward.  Similarly, the new offering of asparagus flan was underwhelming.  It tastes exactly what you might imagine asparagus-flavored flan would taste like.  Flan usually works well as a dessert because of its sweetness.  Stripped of this critical sweet aspect, you're eating a re-constituted pile of asparagus that is nice, but not worth the price of admission.

The pastas also maintained the theme of hits and misses.  The spinach gnocchi was quite good, with an ideal amount of frying, oil, and cheese, even if the gnocchi were a bit larger than expected.   The other pasta was not memorable.

The palette cleaner of cucumber sorbet was fantastic.   While refreshing, however, it is unfortunate that the palette cleaner outshined most of dessert (see below).  

The main dishes continued the theme, but took things a step down.  The goat is delicious, effectively combining crispy aspects (I believe the skin) with tender meat.  The accompanying polenta and lightly-delivered sauce pairs fantastically with the goat.  Perhaps the one criticism of the dish is the paucity of meat, which leaves you wishing for more.  (Note that other diners at the table, who are less fans of gristle and fat, enjoyed this dish much less.)  In contrast, the ribeye is, by agreement of all dining parties at our table, not worth having.  Continuing the theme of petite proteins, we were served two measly slices of relatively undercooked meat (you are not asked how you like your meat).  The sauce is a one-dimensional sweet marsala, which is nice, but provides little creativity.  The ribeye steak, however, does go well with the accompaniment of a cauliflower puree (which is slightly reminiscent of an un-cheesy mac n cheese).  

The desserts finished the downward trajectory of the food for the evening.  Perhaps best of all the desserts (although that may be faint praise) is the chocolate soufflé.  Less exciting is a strawberry rhubarb item.  It tastes like a fine cobbler and is paired with an interesting ice cream, but the dish is otherwise too sweet.  Additionally, a strawberry cake tastes exactly like that.  Good, but again nothing particularly novel.  Easily the most enjoyable part of the desserts were the ice creams or sorbet, if only because they had a nice level of sweetness and incorporated interesting flavors.

In contrast to the un-exciting dessert, the sampling of cheese (additional charge usually) was exquisite and top notch. 

The petit fours, although visually appealing, were not memorable.

Lastly, the bread throughout the meal was good, but not the most memorable bread that we have had, by any means.  The hype surrounding the bread is surprising.

The pacing was done expertly, with usually 10-15 minutes or between completing dishes and receiving new ones.

Service:
Absolutely remarkable.  This is some of the best service we have ever experienced in a restaurant, perfectly complimenting (relatively formal) good food while putting us at ease.  Indeed, this is the saving grace of the establishment and perhaps explains the price point.  Our server, as well as the whole staff, was professional while delivering a cordiality and friendliness that made us feel comfortable.  The entire staff was incredibly attentive to all ours needs and refills, even delivering some complimentary items after
Fantastic food, flawless service, and excellent drinks. The totality of the Vetri restaurant is one of the best you will experience in Philadelphia. So why the 4-star rating? Well, the answer lies within the question (sorry to get all socratic on you) "Was it worth it?" One way to construe this question is to reframe it as "are you happy you went?," in which case the answer is a resounding yes. Here are the details:

- food: We had a nearly identical menu to the one PhillyBestByob X. enumerates, and helpfully accompanies by pictures of each dish. In addition, the chef sent out a special course of truffled risotto, which huge truffle shavings. We all (a party of 5) tasted each others' dishes and so we got to try much of the menu. I likened the experience of the tasting menu to reading a very good book that occasionally displays flashes of genius. All of the meal was delicious, but every now and again, you would get a bite that made you question the bounds of what it's possible to do with food. Some of these moments include:

- pastrami-spiced foie - I had never had foie and would never order it in a restaurant, but this dish was in the realm of the sublime

- house-cured Calabrese salami - A+ for authenticity. It tasted just like the soppressata my family in Calabria makes. I was really impressed with this. 

- piedmontese carpaccio with figs - I sincerely hope that you get this dish should you go

The pastas are generally fantastic here, too. The place where I thought the meal settled into good-but-not-great was in the main courses we had (lamb, goat). 

I'm sure you already know this from other reviews, but there is one menu option at Vetri: the tasting menu at $155/pp. 

- drinks: Vetri offers several pairings or a la carte drinks. They have 2 tiers of wine pairings, one at $90 and one at $135. They also have a beer pairing for $70. I'm not cheap about food and drinks (as evidenced by the fast the I came here), but the pairings just don't seem like a good deal to me, especially the beer pairing. My wife ordered a glass of pinot noir ($19) to go with her meal, and the pour lasted her the whole meal (and she wasn't nursing it). 

The Pinot Noir here is just spectacular, BTW. I would highly recommend it. 

My friend and I split a big bottle of Baladin Noel ($26), and it lasted us the whole meal, too (with three of four refills of our glasses). My friends who got the beer pairings were not sure it was worth it at the end. 

The service: nothing to say here except that it was perfect. They struck just the right balance between being there to get us everything we needed and explaining every dish with not being overbearing. Really impressed. 

So this brings us back to our initial question--"what is worth it?"--and the other way to conceptualize the question, which is "would you do it again?" At an $1100 check for 5 people (pre-tip), or about $265/pp after tip, it's a tough one when you consider opportunity cost. For that amount of money, you could have several meals at several fantastic options around the city. I'm not sure I would go here again at the expense of several other great meals, but I am so glad that I did come here. Hence, the 4 stars. 

So my advice to you would be to check out Vetri at least once for the experience. I don't think you will be disappointed.
I had a landmark experience in eating last week. It was one of those infrequent happenings that only come along every now and again, if you're lucky. Like being a Boston Red Sox fan and living in Utah -- you'll probably make it up to Fenway only once or twice in your life, but the experience means everything when you finally do. Walking into Vetri in downtown Philadelphia was like that for me -- like going to Fenway and smelling the freshly cut grass, except for me it was the smell of the best pasta in the country.

Marc Vetri received his training in Bergamo, Italy by some of the country's most noted chefs. Since then, he has opened both his 40-seat restaurant Vetri in 1998 and Osteria in 2007. He's won several awards for his culinary aptitude, including the prestigious James Beard Award for "Best Chef Mid-Atlantic" in 2005. Even Chef Mario Batali is quoted, saying, "This is possibly the best Italian restaurant on the East Coast," which is quite the compliment, especially from a man with his own Italian restaurant in New York City.

A few months ago, I saw a segment on Vetri Ristorante on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate. Iron Chef Michael Simon said that if he had to choose one last meal, he would go to Marc Vetri's restaurant in Philadelphia. He described how he would order one of everything on the menu and eat it all. After this introduction, I had to go.

A few weeks later, I realized I would be in Philadelphia in February, so I made a reservation. As the date approached I became more and more excited. I studied the menu beforehand to make sure that I ordered the perfect meal; I planned my driving route from the hotel; I even left my schedule open that evening so that nothing could stop me from getting there.

As I pulled up the tiny street that the restaurant was on, I realized I hadn't thought about parking. I had no cash on me and no knowledge about parking in downtown Philadelphia. Luckily, there was a lot across the street from the restaurant that offered 2-hour parking for $15 -- worth every penny.

As I entered the restaurant I was shocked at how small and intimate it was. They sat me and I quickly dove into the menu. After just a few moments of perusing (mostly due to my over-preparedness), this is what I ordered:

- Sweetbreads with Piopini mushrooms and crispy romaine leaves

- Spinach gnocchi with shaved ricotta and brown butter

- Casoncelli with sage and pancetta

Each dish was better than the previous: The sweetbreads with tender mushrooms were almost like an incredible Thanksgiving stuffing. The gnocchi was creamy and decadent. And the Casoncelli, oh the Casoncelli! I can actually say this is the best pasta dish I've ever had. It was definitely one of the best meals of my life. I'm so glad that I went.

The wait staff was classy and gracious. They were kind, educated, and made you feel like the only person there.
With all the great choices that exist in Philly now, I believe that Vetri is the best fine dining experience in the city. I think the restaurant is moving to a chef's tasting menu-only option, and that is fine because that is the best way to experience the indulgence that is Marc Vetri's cooking. In conjunction with the wine pairing, this is a can't miss option. Been here a number of times now and have always left feeling as if the money paid was well worth it.

Everything is delicious. There's no point in telling you which dishes to order, because its a crapshoot what you'll get based on Vetri's mood and available ingredients for the evening. However, the wait staff will ask if you have dietary constraints and will take that information back to the kitchen. My wife will not eat seafood, and they worked around that for her.

A couple of things about the service: it is great. Hostesses, wait staff are uber-attentive and the sommelier is awesome! His name escapes me, but he is friendly, knowledgeable, and constantly available for all the dumb questions I wanted to ask about wine. He is a blast to chat with and adds to the total experience you get here. He makes me and my friends feel comfortable.

Last thing....the last time we were there, the staff recognized me and my friend and gave the ladies at our table that evening's tasting menu with Marc Vetri's autograph. That was a nice touch to end a special evening.

Can't say enough good things about Vetri...it is a place that you should go to at least once to say that you've had the experience. Chances are you'll go there again.
My husband and I dined at Vetri over the weekend, and it did not disappoint. The wait staff was superb, from the beginning to the end of the service, though I have to say service did start out slow - it took a while for us to get seated even though we had a reservation. And we didn't get menus for 15 minutes after we were seated. It definitely got better and picked up as the courses started flowing. Our server started us off with some predinner bites, which were pretty good. The standout was the foie gras on toast. As part of the predinner bites, we were also served local raw vegetables consisting of sliced carrots, radishes, etc, with a side of oddly looking balsamic jelly, which seemed inconsistent with the tasting menu and did not taste good. Other than that, everything was great. Our server was very friendly and went over the tasting menu with us. The tasting menu consists of 4 courses, with about 4-6 items under each course. Not all of the 21 food items would be served. Instead, our server explained that the menu should be treated as more of a guide, and the chefs would tailor the tasting experience to each table based on each guest's food preferences. The chefs sent out different dishes from each course for my husband and I so that we could taste as many different dishes on the menu. Of the 21 items, we had 14 of them, which was plenty. We shared and enjoyed everything, especially the pastas. They were definitely the BEST that I've ever had. Some favorites of the night were:
- Bay scallops with caviar (Antipasti)
- Sweetbread saltimbocca (Antipasti)
- Prosciutto with brown butter, pepper and nuts (Antipasti ) 
- Cauliflower scapinocc (Pasta)
- Busiate with pork shank ragu (Pasta)
- Duck with chicories + 'nduja (Secondi)
- Chocolate polenta soufflé (Dolce)
Also, we probably got three different bread baskets throughout dinner. They were all very well made. The focaccia bread was the best though. It was super soft and spongey. After dessert, our server brought over post dinner treats including profiteroles, cake bites and chocolate! Yum! As we finished up and got ready to leave, our server gave us to take home our own Vetri menu and some chocolate caramel pretzel bark. A very nice touch. Vetri was a pretty cool experience and we will surely be back.
I had great time at Vetri. My boyfriend had just moved to the city, and loves food, and it was his birthday, so I wanted some place special. Generally, I lean more towards a great BYOB that anything quiet this fancy, but after hearing great things, and reading the press, I decided to splurge. 

We had a lovely, quiet, classy time, and the food was delicious. The asparagus flan was surprising, with that beautiful egg yolk leaking out - and I don't even like asparagus. The truffle gnocchi with almonds literally made me cry. The BF had a lamb he found delightful and the wine pairings were great. 

I just can't quite give it 5 stars. Maybe its the huge hype, or because I've actually eaten at more memorable places for a lot less $$, or maybe my expectations were a little too high. It's still a fantastic restaurant, and worth a visit.
My husband and I were treated to dinner here by dear family that spare no expenses. 

We received a glass of champagne upon being seated, not sure if this was complimentary or not. However, I am sure that it was a great start. 

The waiter came over, gave us water, bread, and explained how things work, asked for any food restrictions (which annoyingly we had plenty of; kosher style, pescatarian, no pork or shellfish, and the lucky one among us- my husband- who has none and gets to eat EVERYTHING). Like I said, annoying and slightly complicated but our waiter got it. 

The food started coming out slowly, steadily, and pretty generously. I have to say, I don't remember the exact combinations of our dishes, but I do remember that the homemade pasta was incredibly tasty and cooked to perfection, every vegetable we had was incredibly fresh, meat was incredibly tender, wine was delicious, and dessert was brought out double, because we got it like that. Not really, because I asked ever so nicely for more macaroons. 

The service was one of the best parts and the ambiance very nice and homey. Our waiter was hysterical and very personable, the chef came by our table too which is always a nice touch. This is more of a "we're here celebrating something" or "tonight is a special evening" restaurant. A real treat.
Vetri is one of those high-end restaurants that I would hear about when I went to school in town but didn't have the money (or any money, really) to go and enjoy. Fast-track nearly a decade, and my wife and I decided to cap our weekend in town off with dinner here. The front is very unassuming - it looks like one of the many walkups in the townhouses that line the streets of Philly. While our table was not ready when we arrived, we were given a glass of Prosecco to enjoy in the interim - a very nice touch indeed, even though we only waited about 5 minutes or so. Once we were brought into the main dining room, it still maintains a very homey feel, like that of a very nicely-decorated social area of a townhouse. The service was great, with detailed explanations of every dish that is brought out. Waters were kept refilled constantly, and the beer pairing (a huge plus for me as a bit of a beer snob) was done quite well - the glasses were always kept full of beer, and you didn't feel (too) much of a rush to finish each tasting off.

As mentioned, there is a beer tasting, and I was a big fan - all the beers paired really well with specific dishes. A very eclectic choice for sure - with regional beers (such as Chocolate Stout from Brooklyn Brewery) and those further away (a doppelbock from Germany) helping shape the palate of this distinctly Italian dinner. For the food - you are given a menu that has a list of items, but it's more of an 'FYI' / items you may NOT want to have than it is an a la carte selection. While they are divided up into 4 categories, we ended up being served plates that had multiple selections on a plate at times.

Dinner started off with an amuse bouche with several different items, but my favorite had to be the smoke-infused foie served on a cracker, which tasted like eating a very creamy pastrami sandwich - extremely well-done and comparable to how it was executed at Per Se, where they served us a similar item. I also really enjoyed the mozzarella drizzled in oil, as the cheese definitely seemed very fresh and was unusually moist and spongy. My first course ended up being the veal tartare with sweetbreads...one of the most divine tartares I've ever had. The meat was drenched in a light marinade, making every bite even juicier and more succulent than usual, and the sweetbreads were simply small pieces sprinkled on top, adding an extra-savory crisp, instead of being served as they typically are. Next up was a slice of the tortellini pie - so well-executed and encircled by aged balsamic vinegar (I think 20 years, IIRC) that really gives it a bit of a bite. The sweet onion crepe - one of the classic dishes here - was superb as well, with the truffle fondue imbuing an earthy richness to a savory bite. We followed this with a sampling of pastas; this was where I actually thought there was a bit of weakness, in part because we had two pasta dishes that relied on brown butter (the squash ravioli and the spinach gnocchi); while both were very good on their own (I like the gnocchi better, as I thought it held the lettucy essence of the vegetable better), the brown butter was a tad dissonant in being a bit sweet for heavier, savory pastas. The almond tortellini was top-notch, though; the nuts gave each bite a bit of crunch, while truffle sauce - what's there to say? Truffle makes everything better!

We moved on to the main pasta courses, which we didn't really expect to get after that. I had the maltagliati - solid flavors, although the boar ragu was a bit on the light side, and the dusting of cocoa powder seemed misplaced. My wife had the malloreddus - much lighter and creamier, and the cotechino sausage (which, unless I misheard, had pheasant in it) was extremely tasty and meaty. For the main course, we struck gold with the goat (capretto) - such rich, wholesome meat, served with a perfectly crisped skin on the top. I've only really had goat meat in Indian curries before, but this was a fabulous dish to showcase the natural flavor of the animal. We also had the brandade served as a side plate as well; the saltiness of the cod was a nice contrast to the meat, and the sunny-side quail egg adds a nice dash of richness to each bite. Combined with the crusted baguette on top, it was a fabulous complement to the main course.

We finally reached dessert, which to be frank, was okay but not comparable to the rest of the meal. The palate-cleansing sorbet was one of the better ones, in fact - a wine-infused sorbet - but the main desserts (a pear tart and coffee panna cotta) were rather bland and uninspiring. The petit fours were better (I liked the Nutella macaroon - what a great idea). While we were stuffed, with lighter wallets, it was money well-spent. A fantastic, inspired take on Italian cuisine and an experience I would definitely recommend to anyone. I'd love to come back again next time I visit town!
I was in Philadelphia this week on business, and had the pleasure of dining at VETRI. Wow! We opted for the Chef's Grand Tasting Menu, which ran the gambit of complex flavors and textures, with course after course of incredible dishes. Our table of 4 was greeted by four wonderful amuse bouche dishes, which set the evening off to a blazing start! Then the well-paced evening continued with item after item of the most amazing dishes, from house-made pastas, to salt-crusted whole branzino, roasted capretto (baby goat) and on and on...

Chef/Owner Marc Vetri visited our table throughout the evening, as well as GM Jeff Benjamin and Sommelier Steve Wildy. The service was impeccable and attentive, and the evening was an absolute delight! 

This is one of the best dinners that I have had in years! I will most certainly be back.
Came by again for an anniversary celebration. The place is wonderful see my previous review for details. This time we came in Summer last time it was Winter - the menu is always changing . 

Very enjoyable. Extremely solicitous and knowledgeable staff. Every server knows every ingredient and how each dish was prepared. The wine steward stopped by regularly to explain every wine. Outstanding menu offerings and preparation beyond compare. The wine pairing menu was perfect and an upgrade from our last visit. I think we will do this again when we return. Why pick a wine or drink a cocktail when they match everything with the food and courses for you? So nice to let them do the driving. We overdid it a bit with the dolce course. 

Highly recommend for a special, once in a while experience. Save up it ain't cheap but well worth it in our opinion. 

Mark & Nancy.
I feel confident saying that I will never have a meal as good as the one I had at Vetri. My fiancee and I had the Chef's Grand Tasting menu and it blew my mind.

From the moment we walked through the door, we were treated like royalty. The waitstaff were all knowledgeable and friendly throughout the meal. They answered every question we had and we never felt like we were inconveniencing them by asking what certain foodie terms meant or what certain ingredients were. If you're going to spend as much money as we did that night, that's the kind of service you want.

I enjoy good food and good wine, but the wine pairings ($90 per person) showed me a side of gourmet food that I've never tasted. Each wine went perfectly with each dish and enhanced the flavors. Each course tasted like it was prepared by a chef cooking only for us. I can't think of a single bite that I didn't enjoy more than any food I've eaten anywhere else. It sounds ridiculous and over-the-top, I know, but it was just that good. 

I don't think I'd go here just for "dinner" but if you're looking for an outstanding dining experience for an anniversary or other special occasion then this is a great place to go. It's expensive, but worth it for a once in a lifetime meal.
We had high hopes for this place, but at $125 per person before tax + tip it was just... not that worth it, unless you have unlimited money to spend. I've had meals for half the price which impressed me much more than Vetri. Coming from out of town, Vetri was supposed to be the food highlight of our trip, but everyone in our party was let down.

The good:
- Atmosphere was nice, dimly lit and relaxing
- Service was friendly
- The appetizers and desserts were fantastic!

The meh:
- The rest of the food was decent but not excellent. I'm writing this review one month later, and besides the appetizers and desserts I can't remember the rest. Pretty unmemorable.
- If I hadn't eaten the complimentary bread, I would not have left full

Also, we found out afterwards that the cocktails they offer you in the beginning are complimentary, so make sure to get them. We didn't know and they didn't tell us so we didn't opt for them. The rest of the drinks (coffee, tea, additional alcohol, etc.) are not included.

To be totally honest, I'm probably not the target demographic for this restaurant since I rarely do high dining. If you have major cash to spend, maybe you'll find Vetri totally worth it for the price. But if this is a bit of a splurge and you're spending this much for a special occasion, I would reconsider.
Amazed reading reviews about Vetri where wankers on Yelp use this forum as some sort of play-by-play account of their meal! Such douchery! 

Moving on...I found Vetri to be an excellent, high-end restaurant that serves clean, pure Italian food, often not so familiar to American diners. A lot of the dishes I had truly reminded me of Italy...not Little Italy. No red sauce or Batali style cuisine here.

My only mild complaint is that I think it a shame that this relatively simple, yet elevated food needs to be offered in such a formal way, and in a prix fixe format. In New York, this restaurant would not work in this way. 

However, the food is very, very good and the whole experience is special.
I was really excited for my dining experience at Vetri but left feeling unsatisfied.  The food did not blow me away though the service is definitely worth the visit.  I had the almond tortellini, spinach gnocchi, sweet onion crepe and the aged creekstone farm ribeye.  The food was okay, I was expecting to be amazed considering the price for one person to dine.  The desserts were sort of eh - they let me go home with a coffee/orange muffin that i had for breakfast the next day.  It was dry and nearly inedible.
The food was good but a little disappointing for the price. With wine flights, the meal was $285 per person! The brussel sprouts, onion tart, and spinach gnocchi were awesome. My main dish was broth with a few slivers of meat and four different chutney type dips. It was farm dining and done very well but not not not worth that price for this food. I was a bit shocked at the type of food. It was like my grandmother made it on a farm, I get it as being very authentic but for that money I would expect the best meats, fish and condiments. The service was excellent. I checked this one off my bucket list. I would recommend someone try it once, not get the flights, and be ready for excellent home style food.
The food is great but the portions are silly small.  Everything is very high quality and the service is perfect(my drink was refilled within seconds of completing it).  The atmosphere is small, quiet, and rife with people celebrating various milestones and intimate special occasions.

I'd recommend the spinach Gnocchi and any of their pasta dishes.  I tried the goat dish and it delivered a unique texture that I'd say is somewhere in between high quality lamb and duck.  Sadly, I left a little hungry after an appetizer, entree, and dessert(but that's to be expected at gourmet establishments).
I usually prefer to write good reviews and I don't like writing bad about a chef's restaurant that I respect but in this case the disappointment was too much. I decided to gifted my husband with a dinner here for his birthday because I knows he is a fan of chef Marc Vetri. The real purpose was meeting him and I clearly requested it several times to make sure that the night we had dinner the chef would be there and that he would have stopped at the table. Whoever was on the phone, guaranteed that chef would have been there. We had dinner last night and the first disappointment was that after we got sit, we asked about chef Vetri and he wasn't there. We felt fooled because we could have rescheduled the dinner if only they mentioned it during the phone call that I recieved the day before to confirm the reservation. That changed my mood even my hysband told me that we can just have dinner, we would have had other occasions to meet him. Bad idea.
The dinner was a huge disappointment. 
We started with they're tasting menù. 
The madai crudo was underseasoned, completely flat like most of the dishes we were served that I will describe right now. I couldn't tell if the prosciutto cotto was just the better quality of an american ham or just didn't taste right because it was sliced too thick. It was very balanced tho, the flavours were ok. We had scallops, saltimbocca and the sweet onion crépe. Last one had a very good and intense onion flavor but was overpowering all the other ingredients, not very balanced. Overall appetizers were ok but there was no wow factor.
Problems started with the pasta dishes. Probably my husband is very picky in terms of fresh pasta because in Italy he had a family business wich fresh pasta was the main thing.
He had the gnocchi. I would have called them "gnudi" (naked in italian. basically the classic ricotta and spinach raviolo stuffing without the pasta, typical of the Toscana region). That because the texture was very soft; gnocchi usually ar more hard and firm. But that is just an opinion. They were seasoned beautifully, very tasty with a nice topping of ricotta salata. They  were ruined by the puddle of completely unseasoned and broken brown butter they were submerged into, giving me a nasty greasy sensation on my lips. 
We had other two stuffed pastas wich were crafted beautifully but were completely flat and underseasoned and leaving an unpleasant aftertaste of burned butter. In Italy we definetly don't eat all this butter.
Than he had the tagliolini with mushrooms. That for him was the only good dish wich truly impressed him. Pasta was pure perfection, slightly undercooked (he comes from Abruzzo and he eats pasta like that) and even if he's not a big fan of mushrooms, he tought they were beautifully seasoned. A very simple dish but with a big impact. Too bad the only one.
The worse was the second course. 
He had capretto. Quality of meat was high but it was very simplistic. Not bad but still no wow factor.
I had the worse. I was served dry aged pork. We couldn't tell if it was raw, so he tried it and probably it was because it was inedible and impossible to bite, very gamey and hard. But the worst surprise when he tasted it was that the sauce was completely burned. This dish was really terrible, offensive for the price I paid and probably the worst I ever had in my life. We were forced to send it back. They substituted it with the duck. It was slightly under, skin wasn't crispy but soggy and the taste of blood was too intense. The dish came out really quickly so probably that was the reason. Sauce tasted like plain vinegar, it was very acidic. I felt unconfortable to also send it back so luckily it was paired with good nduja and i chugged it trying to cover up the awful taste. Very bad.
Time for dessert.
I was served a pistacchio flan wich didn't taste like pistacchio at all. Very flat. They gave us other two chocolate based desserts that tasted like nothing. We left them all, very disappointing.
I wonder if they even taste the food before sending it out because almost everything was flat and underseasoned.
I want to believe that the kitchen was in a very bad day, hope that is not the standard and I hope chef Vetri knows about that when he is absent.
The only reason I'm giving the one star it's because of the service. The dining assistant that we had was really professionals and attentive. He gave us a great service and he was always on point about our request. He brought us a taste of ana amzing wine to pair it worh the duck to apologize about the pprk dishes. I wish the wine list would be more clear, I wouldn't order a $35 wine by glasse but it worth it. 
Overall, I'm disappointed about that experience and mostly about the fact that I was so sure that the chef would stop by to our table so my husband could finally meet him.
Two things, if you read nothing else:

1. It IS worth it. 
2. This is a fine dining experience at its very best. 

Wow wow wow. How lucky were we to fly into Philly, randomly find Vetri on an Eater List, call and get in last minute on a Thursday evening, and then have one of the best meals of our life? So. Lucky. 

Having known about Vetri for only around an hour before our reservation, and doing no further research aside from its being recommended and knowing it was prix fixe, we were utterly impressed from start to finish. 

We waited for only a moment in the entrance before our table was prepared... "snacks" and spritzes arrived right after. Both perfection, with a balsamic crema and crudités and a brioche/foie Gras being our faves. 

The dining room is small, seating only 32 as we were told. We had a corner table and could see the room - it looks much larger thanks to carefully placed mirrors and gorgeous architecture. 

We were offered a menu to peruse and guide our server away from anything we don't love, but we eat everything and opted to be surprised. 

We also opted for the 6 wine pairings to accompany - that was a great idea. Super impressed with the pairings, and how each was well explained along with each dish, complete with interesting facts and tasting notes. 

I think we lost count of courses... and it felt like the chef and staff spoiled us with a few extra treats and bonus dishes... not sure if it was for any particular reason or if they were just having fun with us and enjoyed watching us totally swoon the whole time. 

In short, the service staff and the cuisine were just perfection. We can't wait to return and would fly back into Philly for a reservation here alone with no other plans... and we probably will. 

Now I'm off to order all of the chef's books.
Not really a fan of this type of restaurants to begin with, as it's never what you think.  Went there a couple of weeks ago on a Friday night (late review).  The chef doesn't know me and will not know me any better by me simply telling the waiter that I don't care for clams or any other little facts that I share- so a meal is not created or prepared for me specifically!  The chef has made a few dishes, which you receive,  based on what you do and don't like on the general menu that they present to you.  The point of such a restaurant is too eagerly await the next course.  I did not find this to be the case- and in fact, each course was overly emphasized with heavy butters or sauces, that not only do you not get the true taste of what you are eating, but by the end of dinner, you need an alka seltzer to counter all the rich food- I did not find any of the courses to be more than just ok.  On top of this, the inside of the restaurant is very small and you are sitting very close to your neighbor and it lacks ambiance of any sort.  To top it off, there was a bug roaming around our table to I finally trapped it under my water glass.  When I told the waiter, he removed my glass and used his finger to squash and remove it- again-he used his fingers to kill and remove the bug off our white table cloth- not cool.  There was 4 of us and after dinner, a couple of drinks, and tip, our bill was over $1,000! Philadelphia has some tremendous restaurants and this was definitely not one of them.  And need I say, way over-priced.  The only reason that I gave this restaurant any stars at all was that the wait staff was very attentive.
Overall, my dinner at Vetri was one of the best meals I've had in my life- maybe even top 5. However, this review is really 4.75 stars because one of our dishes was less than satisfactory which I will explain later.

It's a small spot with only 30 something seats. My husband and I were seated in one of the front windows which was a great table. Our service was excellent from start to finish- we were a little early to our reservation and the hostess gave us a complimentary aperol spritz to sip on while we waited. Eric was our server for the night and he was excellent- well versed on each dish and very attentive.

I love a good tasting menu and the best part about Vetri's is that they give you the option to 'yes' or 'no' certain items- they let you see the menu and if there is something you MUST have or, on the contrary, something you do NOT want, you can let them know ahead of time. The other huge plus about Vetri's tasting is that not everyone at your table gets the same set of courses! That means that I, since I dined with my husband, was able to taste even more courses than I would have if we had all the same dishes. Here is a quick rundown for anyone visiting Vetri in the near future:
1. starters included mozarella, the most delicious fennel crusted with parm, and an amazing pastrami foie gras. 
2. next up was the hamachi crudo and the bison tartare. Between the two, the bison was the outstanding dish and I could have kept eating it all night. The hamachi was great but the fish + citrus combo is not my favorite so I much preferred the tartare. 
3. the sweet onion crepe, diver scallops and prosciutto cotto were next, all of which were absolutely divine. However, the prosciutto was the clear winner to me and may have been my favorite dish of the entire night. 
4. next up was our first of two pasta courses. I loved that the first round was a small sampling of three of their dishes so as not to overwhelm or stuff you with pasta. We had two plump spinach gnocchis, two almond tortellinis with truffle sauce (this was one of my must-haves), and two ricotta raviolis. These three were equally stunning dishes.
5. the second round of pasta were slightly larger servings, enough for a few bites each. We had the tajarin with mushrooms and the busiate with pork shank ragu. Of these two, I preferred the tajarin (i love a pasta with mushrooms) over the busiate, which I found to be a little bland and lacking in the vibrant flavors all of the preceding dishes had. Overall, however, I definitely preferred the first round of pasta dishes over the second.
6. the next course was our 'secondi' which I had not paid much mind to when looking over the menu at the start of the meal so I had not given a preference. My husband received the capretto with polenta which was lightyears ahead of my dish although not my favorite of the night. I received the bollito misto which is my reason for the 0.25 star deduction... this dish was so underwhelming and disappointing I was left a little shocked that the same kitchen could turn out all the dishes mentioned above and this one. To be fair, I do not care for stews or crockpot dishes because, to me, the flavors all blend together into one taste which I hate. This is what the bollito misto tasted like since it is literally just meat and vegetables boiled together. I understand that this is probably a very traditional italian dish but there was nothing about this dish I liked. Even the accompaniments did not seem to go with the rest of the dish (the salsa verde, although good on its own, seemed especially out of place). 
7. Thankfully, dessert picked right back up where we left off at the pasta and all three dishes were fabulous. The lime posset was definitely the underdog here but still good. The hazelnut praline semifreddo and the pistachio flan were BEYOND... and I don't even know how to describe them so just trust me when I say you need to try these.

Ok, so now we get to the price. Yes, it's a pricey tasting menu but for $330, the cost of two people, we got to try 15 dishes, not including the starters, the vast majority of which were what I call 'mind-blowing' dishes (aka I cannot make this at home and I have NO idea how they made it taste so good). Vetri is a very high caliber restaurant and it is obvious why they have been around for over 20 years now. I like to think my very disappointing entree was a one-off since almost everything else was outstanding. I will definitely return.
I have heard so much about Vetri prior to trying it that I set the bar pretty high. Whenever I do that, most places usually disappoints. But not Vetri. Dining in Vetri is an event by itself, especially when everyone on the table knows that they will be getting something different, though they do not know what it is. It is a reminisce of a few omakase meals I've had in NYC, which are amongst the best meals I've had so far. The place is relaxed and not too stuffy, making it ideal for more than just special occasions.

The food in Vetri has got to be one of the best, if not the best Italian food I've tasted so far. The use of the freshest seasonal ingredients and preparing them without causing them to lose their character was the winning formula here. From the crudi all the way to the desserts, everything was pleasing to the senses. The Grand Wine Pairing we did was also exceptionally good with the dishes. A few memorable dishes that night were:

1. Foie Gras Pastrami with Raspberry Jam served on Brioche - This is the first time I've encountered foie prepared this way and, its amazing how the flavors complemented each other without feeling too complex.

2. Pea Flan with Quail Egg - I was really skeptical when this dish was served to me as my first course. But after just one bite, I was converted. The texture and flavor of the pea flan was so good and when you hit the middle where the quail egg is, its akin to reaching foodie orgasm. This one dish alone is a testament to Marc Vetri's genius.

3. Sweet Onion Crepe - Its just caramelized onions on crepes topped with a little Parmesan cheese. But this is the dish where you can actually taste the effort and care that the cook puts into the dish. The 9 hours spent on caramelizing the onions till all the sugar is reduced really takes this dish to another level. Just onions? 

4. Sweetbreads with Fennel Cream and Cucumber - This was the dish that I used as a yardstick to match against the likes of the Michelin giants. To execute sweetbreads to perfection is no easy feat but the magic touch of Marc Vetri did it. What made it so much better was the fennel cream, which I thought would conflict with the creamy nature of the sweetbreads itself. But it just made it better. 

5. Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter - Hands down my favorite dish of the night. This is a dish that leaves you puzzled. how can something as simple as this taste this good. And before you can figure it out, your plate is empty and it leaves you longing for more as it leaves a faint lingering aftertaste.

If I were to nit-pick, I would complain that the desserts were the only things served that lacks the character that the other dishes had because it was just good desserts. But that is just finding fault to an amazing meal.

The experience at Vetri made me longing for more and I believe I will be there again pretty soon to try out the dishes I did not have the opportunity to savor.
My husband and I went here a couple nights ago for an early anniversary dinner and it was one of the best meals of my life. Service was exquisite, the ambiance was charming, and the food was incredible.

Service: From the phone call to confirm our reservation to wishing us goodbye as we left the service could not have been better. Our servers made wonderful recommendations, topped off our wine often, and brought us extra goodies throughout the evening. Note: Service is not fast, it is intentionally relaxed and spaced out so you can enjoy yourself. I never felt like we had to wait too long for any course, but if you haven't been to a restaurant like this before the paving might seem unfamiliar. 

Ambiance: The restaurant is on two levels of a row house. It's definitely not a large space, but they've made the most of it.  I didn't feel crowded at our table as there is plenty of space between tables so everyone has some privacy. But tables were close enough so we could see people's food as it was being brought out to their tables, which we enjoyed. Lighting was low, but not too low, the bathroom was exceptionally clean, the dishes and glasses all beautiful and charming. 

Food: They offer a structured menu from which you choose one option among many for each course. Every single thing I ordered was amazing! From the savory caramelized onion crepe with truffle, to the locally foraged mushroom ragu pasta, to the veal Milanese, to the pistachio cake with strawberry ice cream, every dish was exquisite. I

Also: We sprang for the wine pairings with each course and were really glad we did. Supposedly we were supposed to get a half a glass per course but it was definitely more like a whole glass each time! The wines were perfectly chosen for each dish and our servers were happy to tell us all about them. 

My husband took me to the French Laundry for a milestone e birthday a few years ago when we lived in California, and I enjoyed Vetri Cucina more, and that's saying something. If I could give 6 stars, I would. So, if you are looking for the perfect restaurant to celebrate something significant, or to propose, this is definitely the spot!
Vetri is hands down the top three restaurant in Philadelphia and I made this statement with 100% confidence. Is the food tasty? Yes. Is it overprice? Maybe. Is it the best Italian restaurant on the east coast? Definitely not. When you want fine dinning without being flashy/pretentious or "too see and to be seen", Vetri is your best choice when it comes to the city of brotherly love. 

I have dined at Vetri numerous of times and some of their dishes are outstanding and some of them are just average, but please also consider the fact that my opinions are subject to personal taste. Vetri is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia because it provides a very intimate and cozy environment and its selection of wine....BAM!! To. Die. For., they knowledgeable sommeliers that is not snobby and doesn't just trying to sell you expensive wine. 

Quintarelli Amarone-  It's hard to find restaurant and stores that sell this bottle due to its relatively small production and high price, people often will just go for french wine if they are going to pay for the same amount anyways. However, this bottle is like..... Magic, OK..... I'm lying, but it is my favorite Italian wine. It's rich, big, bold, flavorful with tannin at the end, it has all the characteristics I like in wine, guy as well maybe? lol, kidding!  

Louisiana white prawn with zolfini beans- the shrimp they use is not particular impressive i.e. not super fresh or different from other restaurants, but its the dish as whole that hold this dish up to the restaurant's standards. Marc Vetri utilized the lightness of seafood and heaviness/creaminess of the bean and sauce, created this dish. 

Squid ink linguine with crab and urchin-  I suppose you should order this dish if you want something light from the restaurant, because most of the dishes they offer are pretty heavy. However, I would not order this dish again because I couldn't even taste the uni in the pasta, then what's the point or ordering uni pasta? 

Sharon fruit salad salad with arugula- don't waste your $ on this dish, trust me on this one.

Cauliflower flan with quail egg- I love this dish!! You can actually taste the cauliflower, and the flan with quail yolk MELTS in your month, very light and delicate dish.
 
Sweet onion crepe with white truffle- a MUST ORDER, this is one of their signature dish and it sure hold its title, it's so rich and creamy. Crepe is fulled with 10,000 caramelized onions and drizzle with white truffle sauce, have it with a few sips of wine, a winner recipe.
  
Spinach gnocchi with brown butter- another MUST ORDER, I remember the first time I saw this dish I thought it was brussel sprouts and it was much smoochy and creamy with I bite into, the cheese, the smell of butter....truly a memorable dish. It is however, extremely rich and fatty and I do not want to most how many sticks of butter are in those little tiny spinach balls.   

Almond tortellini with white truffle- this is suppose to be their signature dish as well, I like it but it did not strike me as.... "oh! I'm gonna order it again next time I come!". Tortellini is very tricky, it's very hard to cook it right, you often find it overcook or undertook, I think it's most likely due to the structure of it since its like a dumpling rather a pasta. Vetri sometimes can overcooked it as well, but no excuse because I eat what I pay for, and its certainly not the same price tag as dumplings.

Chestnut fettucini with boar and cocoa- not worth the $$. Keep in mind, you are a customer at Vetri that is about to spend $300 per person, hence you deserve nothing but the best! This is not the worst, but it's not the best, it's a limbo....

Baby goat with freshly stone milled polenta- lack of stickiness/flavor of goat, not worth the $$, combination of baby goat and poplenta didn't make it to the blockbuster of food pron industry.

Bistecca alla fiorentina- in my opinion, this is the one of the few proper Italian meat dish Vetri has to offer. I don't normally order red meat when I come to Vetri, but this is what you should order if your PID (Partner in Dine) wants to try some meat.

I am never a dessert person, therefore I won't make comments on their dessert.  The cheese and cured meat here.... nah.... you should just go to Di Bruno or reading terminal market. 

It is very important to know how to order at Vetri if you want a dinning experience that worth its value, but it has became harder now since they only offer tasting menu these days. Unless you go back a few times, they chief will eventually has a grasp of what you like and what you don't like. I want to give Vetri a 4.5 star but yelp doesn't have this option, the -0.5 star is due to discontinuance of a la carte. I know what they say about tasting menu, but I know what I want and I am not friends with Mr. Food Coma. It's a great place to go with someone that you can talk to or someone you want to get to know, no rigid dinning rule, just you being you, great conversation and food.
Vetri was in a league of its own. It's better than some of the best restaurants in the country - like eleven Madison park or per se in nyc. The staff is fun and knowledgeable and very welcoming. Each dish was carefully crafted and perfect. 

Overall it was a 20/10 experience and one id do again in the near future. Great night!!
Hands down, the best meal I've ever had. Went for my birthday in Dec '14 on a weeknight and my girlfriend and I left completely impressed. The food was simple, but extremely well prepared. The menu is basically pre-selected for you, your only real option comes if you have something you really want to have - or really do not want to have. My girlfriend and I are not picky, so we trusted the chef, and were well rewarded. Both of our meals were different, as was the associated wine pairings, but both were excellent. 

Expensive, but well worth a quiet night out for a special occasion.
What hasn't been said about Vetri?  I can't add much, but I must say it is the perfect meal; from the food, to the ambiance, to the service.  A must try for every Philadelphian.  The stand out dishes for our table seemed to be the snails, onion crepe, gnocchi, and lamb.
Came here for my wife's birthday with our daughter. We arrived a few minutes early for our 6pm Tuesday reservation and were greeted at the door by a gentleman who turned out to be the sommelier and our coats were taken away. We had been here once before a few years ago but have never yelped.

The dining area is cozy but not crowded.  We were seated at the only round table about midway back . Nearby to the prosciutto slicer. One other couple was already seated. We counted 11 tables. The dining area began to fill up quickly for the 6pm seating. Every table but one was taken by 615p.

Our server arrived and went through a brief welcome and explained how things were going to work and our choices.  We went with the tasting menu and let the chef decide. Water was brought out in fine, colored glasses. We suspected they were Murano. There was a Murano chandelier hanging just above our table. Our server returned with a spritzer which was very refreshing and a plate of four different tasting bits, I cannot recall them but they were all different and tasty. They are not on the menu. 

The sommelier, Joseph, arrived to assist.  As we only had a small clue to exactly what the chef was preparing it was difficult to select a bottle we decided on a Gattinara '07. 

Bread arrived. It was explained that there would be three servings of bread throughout the tasting. All flour is milled on site and bread is baked here. I liked the semolina loaf which came with the Pasta Course.  All three breads were wonderful.

The Antipasti came out. I am not going to march through each and every dish but will describe a handful. We all particularly enjoyed the sweet onion crepe with truffle fondue and the seared Nantucket Bay scallop with foriana. The tastes were wonderful and were nice counterpoint to each other.

A fine touch was when the server brought out three glasses of Gruner Veltliner for us to enjoy with the Antipasti.  A much better pairing for the Antipasti than the Gattinara, and unsolicited.

Pasta Course came next. We were split on our favorites here. We were sharing our dishes. My fav was the Swiss Chard Gnocchi. My wife enjoyed the Tajarin with king crab and caviar my daughter preferred the Casoncelli with brown butter & sage.       

Service was attentive, friendly, relaxed and informative, and perfectly spaced. When I asked what the difference between 20 year aged balsamic reduction and 6 month was, it was explained that it is like wine and ages to a more syrupy consistency and the sugars reduce over time. Sounded good to us. One observation was that our wine glasses were not re filled by the staff we re filled them ourselves.  No big deal.

Secondi, (entrees), was next. We were served Goat, Duck with Treviso and Guinea Hen with prosciutto and foie gras. This was by far the highlight of the tasting. Each dish was outstanding. My wife and daughter liked the Guinea Hen best. My daughter described the Guinea Hen as "unctuous". I could not choose a favorite. At this point my wife & daughter shared that they were getting full. As we were sharing dishes there were two passes around so I got two tastings of each dish.  Ok with me.

Finally Dolce. I liked the Pistachio flan best, but all selections were delicious. We were all getting a bit full at this point. We also got two espressos and a cappuccino. My wife and daughter were presented with goodie bags of many leftover dolce selections which we will certainly enjoy over the next day or so.

The dishes, platters and serving ware were also quite distinctive adding to the experience.  As we left, we noticed they have a private dining room upstairs. It was 830p.
 
Upon reflection, if we return, we will try the wine pairing, (and take an Uber), an additional $135 per person. Need to start saving up. This is not a regular type of dining experience for us but is well worth it for a special occasion say once or twice a year. Easily in the same league as The French Laundry, and one of the top places in Philadelphia, in our opinion.

Mark, Nancy & Brianne.
It's impossible not to give Vetri five stars. Any argument I can come up with is half-baked and flimsy. This is a five-star experience from start to finish. Your night will be perfectly choreographed and it will feel like an art as much as a science. The service is impeccable, the food is outstanding and somehow it's been shimmying out with this excellence for years and years and years. It would be easy for a place like Vetri to become tired and caught caught flatfooted after so much time in the world, but it continues to dazzle and impress, even amidst the hype. Expect to be full as can be at the end of your dinner here. And expect to be treated like royalty -- even if you're the ultimate difficult patron, as I am. I'm seriously impressed -- hence the hyperbole oozing out of this intro. This is where to book your special occasion dinner. Old school vibes and modern technique come together at Vetri for a masterful performance, and you'll get a personalized menu at the end of the meal to remember it for all of eternity. 

Came here as a party of five on a Friday night at 9pm. It's an intimate space -- quite small, in a homey way. The vibes here will assure you that you'll be taken care of in a thoughtful, genuine way. Somehow upscale and cozy at the same time, you'll find dim lighting, antique fixtures and aromas for days. You 100% need to make a reservation -- the space is as small as it is popular. When you reserve, they'll ask about specific dietary preferences/restrictions, which they will confirm when you arrive. Very thorough.

Upon sitting down, you will be greeted with a welcome cocktail (but do *not* forget your ID -- Pennsylvania liquor laws are far more stringent than most, and a few of us weren't thinking about it and didn't bring out wallets which stirred up some frustration but ultimately it all worked out...story for another day), a sparkling vermouth-based drink (wine/beer only here). There's a fabulous wine selection here, which I urge you to take advantage of is you can. That said, I actually would advise against the wine pairing -- while it seems obvious to opt for it at a place like this, it was a little much for me. By the end, I really didn't want it anymore, which was a shame. At the same time, the wine pairing could be worth it just for the sommelier. The gentleman who was helping us had comically extensive knowledge of each wine, which he shared in an animated and painstakingly thorough way. I don't think I retained any of the knowledge he was dropping, but the theatrics of it are hard to beat. 

The most unique thing about Vetri is the way that they structure their tasting menu. I'm not sure if I'm a fan of it or not. It's not better or worse than what I'm used to, it's just different. Unlike all other tasting menus I've had to date, Vetri curates a unique menu for each party member as opposed to bringing everyone the same set list of dishes. Meaning all five of us has slightly different meals. For example: I have a gluten sensitivity and Vetri serves two pasta dishes as part of its menu, so they gave me the option of doing one pasta dish, one alternate (they ended up bringing me a mushroom dish that was bonkers good). My sister doesn't eat duck while I love it, so I got a juicy duck breast for my entree-type dish while she got steak. Little things like that. They will personalize as best as they can. 

I tend to find it onerous to detail each dish in a tasting menu, so I'll just give highlights and overall impressions. Start to finish, everything was delicious and well-paced. From the first array of bites in the beginning, we knew we were in for something special. The cheese was fluffy and perfect, the roasted cauliflower seasoned perfectly and super satisfying. 

Other highlights:
-The onion tart. This is a staple here and for good reason. Impossibly rich and flavorful
-The spinach gnocchi and almond tortellini were outstanding. I'm very sensitive to gluten so I didn't finish this part of the dinner, but my god, it was worth trying. I've never liked gnocchi -- even great gnocchi, usually I just don't jive with the consistency -- but this was special. 
-The prosciutto served family-style during the appetizer portion. They said its magic was simply due to being "doused in oil and pickle juice" but it must have been more than that. Like everything else, just incredibly flavorful and delicious
-The octopus was cooked perfectly, paired with pork belly which was a treat. I've often seen octopus paired with chorizo, so this was some extra special luxury. 

They will bringing you lots and lots and lots of bread (and it's already a pretty heavy tasting menu) so do yourselves a favor and save it to take home. Have a little here and there but it's just as good the next day, and it will allow you to experience the meal without having your buttons pop open.
