My first experience at Via Locusta was very good, and I'm looking forward to returning so I can try even more of the menu. My dining companion and I were on a little bit of a time crunch because we had theatre tickets, so we let our server (Richard) know up front and he did a great job pacing our meal and making sure we had plenty of time to get to the show. 

My friend and I were both looking for something non-alcoholic, but there weren't any options on the menu. We took our server's suggestion to leave it up to the bartender, which resulted in two okay tasting sweet drinks. I'd much rather choose something for myself from a list to satisfy my own tastes. 

For food, we started with snapper crudo and romanesco fritto. Both were great. The crudo was fresh and bright while the romenesco had a great kick of heat. 

For our mains, we shared four pasta dishes which, in hindsight, could have (and probably should have) been knocked down to three simply because they were so filling. We had: quadretti ravioli, agnolotti, fusilli and garganelli. All of these were delicious and only made me want to return sooner to try the others that we left out. 

We sadly did not have time for dessert but I've seen photos of the chocolate tart which I would really like to try. That said, we still received a couple hazelnut and chocolate cookies to end on a sweet note. Looking forward to getting back to Via Locusta sooner than later!
Although we have been getting take-out from some of our favorite places in Philly, this was the first time we have actually eaten at a restaurant in Town since this whole pandemic thing began. What an excellent experience it was from beginning to end.

We ate at one of the covered outdoor tables that line the street - with most looking like they can accommodate a party of 4. A few may hold more. After checking our temperatures, we were led to our table.
Because our reservations were for 5:45, we just snuck into Happy Hour prices for some of the items. 

Under "Small Plates" we enjoyed:
Focaccia with Bee Pollen and Honey Butter, Farmer's Cheese and Whipped Tuscan Lardo.

Tuna Tartare with Celery, Apple and Truffle.

Snapper Crudo with Fennel, Horseradish and Lemon.

Asparagus with Prosciutto, Mint & Shallot.

Gnoccho Fritto, Puffed Pastry with Prosciutto and Candied Red Pepper.
All were very very good with the Tuna and the Gnoccho at the top of our favorite list.

Under Pasta we enjoyed the Spring Pea Agnolotti with Mint and Smoked Pecorino. This was one of the best pastas we have had in a long time and should not be missed. If it's on the Happy Hour menu, as it was while we were there, order the full size portion - you won't regret it.

For our Main we shared the Roast Suckling Pig with Kale, Sunchoke Mostarda and Rosemary. Perfectly cooked with crisp skin and moist, tender meat underneath.

We had mentioned it was our Anniversary and were given a delicious complimentary Blueberry Sorbet with candied nuts and marinated cherries.
Because many of the small plate items were on the Happy Hour menu, surprisingly the bill, with1 glass of wine and 2 beers, only came to around $130 before tip.

All of the Staff could not have been more fun or informed about the menu. Can't wait to return.
What a fantastic experience outdoor dining here last Saturday!  Definitely make reservations if you have yet to experience the surreal, cozy joy that is heat lamp dining in the freezing cold on a city street (for the record, we were adequately TOASTY here, so much so I didn't wear my winter coat or scarf the entire meal and wished I didn't wear a sweater either). Get on down here!

Our server, Paul, was THE best.  Insanely knowledgable about the expansive wine list and the best pairings for each section of the menu, pacing our courses with calculated precision.  Plus, super friendly and attentive (especially considering servers have to cross the street in traffic to deliver our food!)

A breakdown:

The Sauce: started with two glasses of white, then moved on to a bottle of red (a lovely licorice-y bottle of Barbera, per Paul's recommendation)

The Starter: addicting, toasty & not shy of seasoning foccacia bread served piping hot in a mini cast iron skillet and served with delightful whipped bee pollen honey butter (can you eat this if you're allergic to bees, serious question) & an addition of silky farmer's cheese (I would literally go back just to order 5 these - bread lovers, REJOICE!)

The Small Plate: lovely, bitter chicory with a smattering of pistachios and a hefty dousing of a fresh and herby rose vinaigrette, topped with plump figs (very large portion for being labelled "small")

The Shareable Pastas: creamy duck ragu gramigna and lemony saffron calamaretti (that gamey duck won the battle, especially paired with the red, but that calamaretti was also fantastic)

The Sizable Entrees: peppery NY strip steak and a decadent roast suckling pig (wonderful crust on the steak but a *tiny* complaint is that the steak knives were not sharp at all, and that pig was 1000% worth the high cholesterol)

The Sweet(s): fried apple donut and a butterscotch gelato served with all the fixins' (this was 2desserts and we did not need 2desserts - it was excessive but worth every delicious bite)

It feels like you're in a fort, with a tall heat lamp and two smaller heat lamps ensconcing you in a warm, orange glow.  The street pavement itself was covered in some type of outdoor carpet and the clear plastic tents with a greenhouse assortment of hanging plants and strung lights, openings, and socially-distanced tables allowed both air flow and privacy, a must in these troubling times.

Will I be back? Hell yeah!
Via Locusta opened at an unfortunate time - right before COVID shutdown. Now that it's open, I was excited to try it out. 
They have great outdoor seating options. Everyone was wearing a mask and gloves and socially distancing. Even with all the changes to their normal service, they did an impeccable job. 
Focaccia- the classic, is a must. 
quadretti ravioli - delicious and savory. 
Agnolotti - best pasta plate I've had in a long time. So unique. Full of sweet filling that I couldn't get enough of. 
We ended the meal with a gelato, which was presented in a beautiful manner. 

I would 100% recommend everyone comes here. It's safe and incredibly delicious.
My husband and I just had an AMAZING a experience at Via Locusta. Not only was the food absolutely fantastic, but our server (Lisa I think?) made our night. 

For starters we had two types of cheese - the hand pulled mozzarella and the farmers cheese which was similar to a ricotta. Both were fantastic. 
The SNAPPER CRUDO was aaaaaamazing. I'd come back for that every time. 

The swordfish dinner was a huge filet of fish and cooked to perfection. It literally melted in your mouth you don't even need to chew. The stuffed pasta with sweet corn stuffing and a Parmesan truffle dipping sauce blew us both away.  This dish was so unique and delicious it must be one of my favorite pasta dishes of all time. Bravo chef!!

The tequila Aperol spritz was a delicious cocktail. And the peach pie dessert with gelato was huge. 

Now let me talk about the service which really gives this place five stars! Usually food is the star of my review but this time our waitress made the 5th star. My husband and I have been locked up for Covid for months now, so being able to dine out is really a treat. I've been to a few other restaurants and the servers do not seem as happy to be there as the guests. Our waitress was so happy, a shining personality, she talked with us a lot, she gave us great suggestions, laughed with us, she was like the new best friend we never had! We really wanted to invite her to sit down next to us and enjoy the meal with us LOL! Thank you for making our dinner experience a great one we will definitely be back!!
For the appetizers, the focaccia bread is a must. The bread was light and became even more delicious when combined with the rich butter. We also got the snapper cruddo, which was very fresh and light (def recommend if you're into eating sashimi).

I got the doppio ravioli, which was the best decision I made. The plating was beautiful. I enjoyed the mix of the two flavors because paired so well. Also, the pasta was so flavorful yet felt so light because of the fig. 

My bf got the agnolotti, which was super creamy and packed with flavor. Personally, I liked my dish more because it was lighter but if you are into a heavier, more creamy pasta, I'd recommend the agnolotti.

We ended the night with the huckleberry pie which I really enjoyed. If you're into blackberries and more seedy fruit, this is a must. The cream on top of the pie was the perfect touch.
Came here for happy hour with some friends and had a great experience. Their spritzers were light and delicious, my favorite is the hugo. The assortment of appetizers is nice as well, with my favorites being the pumpkin agnolotti (absolutely delicious) and their focaccia. They also have a good amount of outdoor seating making it easy to dine with them!
Didn't have a reservation but wanted to take advantage of the beautiful weather on sun and was able to get a table outside. Loved loved loved our meal! You must try one of their focaccia items. And I tried several items and loved them all. My bf has the steak salad and loved it also. They have happy hr from 4-6pm so great deals also! Check it out!
I am not usually one to write a "bad" review but I was so disappointed in our experience at Via Locusta.  

They seated us at an outside table that was right outside the front door which had the heat and smell blasting directly towards us, my finace never complains and he even said we cannot sit here.  I went back inside to ask the hostess if we could move and she could not have been more understanding and pleasant and said she would move us the first table that opened up.   When I walked in the door she knew exactly why I was back in there which made me think why do they sit people there in the first place?  Although she was extremely understanding and helpful. 

Once we move tables our server comes over and we try to order the focaccia to munch on while we decide what we want.  She said that the kitchen prefers an entire order but she assured us about 6 times that everything would be coursed properly and we would not feel overwhelmed with everything coming at once, so we placed our whole order.  

There were 4 of us we got the Focaccia with the Whipped Honey Butter, Tuscan lardo, and Burrata.  Honestly just get the classic with the Honey Butter because the Lardo and burrata were nothing to write home about.  We ordered the Tuna Tartare, Octopus, and Gnoccho Fritto for apps.  The Tuna Tartare had good flavor but was room temperate, the octopus was good but a little tough, and the gnoccho fritto is not at all worth it.  The Focaccia and all of the apps came out at the same time which we were less than thrilled about. 

For pastas we ordered the Pappardelle, Cappelletti, Agnolotti, and Fusilli and then the suckling pig for the big plate.  The suckling pig came out before 2 of the pastas did ....... after the waitress repeating herself multiple times about how things would be coursed and then it not happening was extremely disappointing.  None of the pastas were anything that special, they were good but certainly not great and nothing I would be going back for.  The suckling pig was the high point of the meal for sure.  

Finally we finish up our meal and there are STILL dirty plates from the lardo, butter, and burrata that were served first with the focaccia on the table.  The table was small, they served way too many things at once, and then left the dirty plates on the table.  

For a Schulson restaurant we are so excited to try and have been wanting to try since it opened, it was extremely disappointing and we will not be back.
Overall really great and worth a visit to Schulson's latest spot. 

Service- killer. Our waiter was wonderful, attentive, and funny. Managers stopped by as well. 

Ambiance- gorgeous space. Cozy and modern yet has a rustic charm. 

Food- overall pretty good. Would want to come back to try the other menu items for sure. The focaccia is outstanding. The pear dish would be perfect with a bit less thyme, it was overpowering but otherwise tasty. The sweet onion is unique and worth ordering. The fried romanesco is a delight. The agnolotti is tasty and unique in that you eat with your hands. The doppio ravioli is tasty but the Gorgonzola is very strong.
I made my first visit to Via Locusta before COVID shut everything down and I was very impressed by the food. Yesterday, my sister wanted to do a double date for dinner somewhere on the nicer side so I looked to see if I could get a table, not quite expecting much availability, and luckily they had something for us! They do reservations via Resy and you can select between indoor and outdoor seating, which I feel is a nice consideration and option. 

We sat outside and Nicole S. was our server. She gave us an explanation of the menu and told us the chef's recommendations for number of plates. 

Note that the current menu is limited compared to the pre-covid menu. I was sad to see that the Doppio Ravioli (I think that's the name... fig and gorgonzola) was not on the limited menu. However, I was thrilled to find the Agnolotti because this is by far the best pasta item on the menu.

We started with a focaccia - it's too good to miss. The butter with bee pollen is addictive. Since there were four of us, we also had the heirloom tomato and added buratta (per Nicole's suggestion) and the Eggplant Misto. We decided to get an assortment of pasta dishes to share and skip the larger protein entrees. In my opinion, this is an amazing way to tour the menu. Our pasta order included two orders of the Agnolotti (if you've ever had it you get it), the Quadretti Ravioli, Bucatini, Caramelle, and the Casarecce. Each pasta dish was delicious. The textures and flavors were amazing. My favorites included the Agnolotti, Quadretti Ravioli, and the Casarecce.

We love a Schulson cocktail list, so we of couse tried a few throughout the meal. Our group enjoyed the Brezza Estiva, Pompelmo (delicious grapefruit flavor), and the Fragola Succhielo the most.

For a group of 4 people that like to eat, we were very satisfied with everything we had and the quantity was perfect. Our server Nicole was lovely, attentive, and detailed in her suggestions and descriptions of everything on the menu.

We can't wait to return!
I have been eagerly waiting for this restaurant to open and was able to snag a reservation on Resy easily! 

I was disappointed by the wait. It felt like my dining process was so long.My reservation was at 8:30 pm on a Friday night and we were not seated until 9:00pm. This would've been fine, except the door way was very crowded and it seemed like many people were being delayed. There was no seating at the bar open for us to grab a drink while we waited. We were told multiple times our table should be ready in a few minutes tops, only to be delayed more. Fortunately, we weren't in a rush but I was disappointed they weren't able to seat us when we made reservations for. 

When we finally were seated, our waiter was very friendly and gave great recommendations. However, the food and drinks were so slow to come. I was a little surprised by this as there was a lot of wait staff around. At this point, we were just hungry and ready to start eating. 

The food was "pretty good". I definitely would not say it's the best Italian food I've had in Philly, BUT there are a lot of unique options and delicious dishes. You MUST try the focaccia with farmers cheese - it was absolutely amazing. I would definitely not order the pears next time - they were way too sweet for me. The wheat spaghetti was my favorite pasta dish - highly recommend it! This place is very vegetarian friendly too!

Overall, I feel like their service has a lot of room for improvement. This was their first weekend open so I'm sure they will fix these issues. You should definitely make a reservation to help speed the dining process up. I think their food makes this place worth dining at again!
came for dinner on a friday. nice interior and outdoor seating options too. 

foccacia - great, fried bread. awesome honey butter. almost ordered a second
fried eggplant - largest amount, is what it is. nice add with the mint
octopus - ok this tasted great but straight up only 6 bites on the plate??? for 18 dollars 
agnolotti - loved it, youll love it too if you like corn.
spaghetti w/mussels - thought the almond breadcrumbs wouldn't matter but added some nice nuttiness and texture. 
(both pastas were awesome, just wish there was more)
pork w/ cherries - great, like a very expensive version of crispy pork belly

cocktails were pretty meh tbh. not super well balanced or interesting. would prob stick to wine.

overall everything tasted great BUT the portions are really small so you're struggling to get full. if you're coming, maybe try happy hour, or come from a happy hour.
Highly recommend the happy hour! The focaccia bread is great like everyone else says. I don't even like bread but it was delicious. The regular menu is a bit pricey which is normal for this area, but in my opinion not worth it. However, some of the dishes are quite good and you get a great value during happy hour. I enjoyed the elderflower spritz I had and the steak salad and fried eggplant. Bass crudo was just ok but the octopus was great. We tried two pasta dishes (one with bass, one with leeks & cheese). The second came out with pasta clumped together but they immediately sent another and complimentary gelato which was very tasty. I'll be back for happy hour.
I'm not usually one to post a review good or bad however last night my husband and I had such an amazing experience. Everything from start to finish was exceptional and cooked to perfection. The house made pasta was out of this world and the chicken was some of the best we've had (also don't forget about their amazing cocktails). Our server added to the experience with great knowledge and timed the courses perfectly. Highly recommend and will  be a go-to in our future visits to philly!
Even in the Rona, Schulson doesn't miss! This location opened right around March and hasn't had a chance to shine fully, just yet but on my second visit here, I'm even more excited for indoor dining and whatever life after this brings. The steak dish with a side of potatoes is a perfect meal during this steamy summer. The cocktails are equally immaculate--no pre-batched "cocktails to go" here; you're getting a full mixology experience from some of the best in the city. Rittenhouse is buzzing with activity and with the closing of 18th Street; Via is perfectly situated away from most of the madness. What more can you ask for?
I went here for my birthday. The food was outstanding. We started with 3 small plates one pasta, then two in my party had pasta for the main course. The other two of us had swordfish and roasted pig. What a great dinner everything was perfect
Came here for the first time with some friends for happy hour. The seating outside for Covid was actually very cute. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Wine was delicious!

We ordered the focaccia app and it was by far our fave. The honey butter and farmers cheese were to die for with the warm bread. We didn't love the sausage spread. The beef in our salad was a bit rare for our liking. We also got the bruschetta which was tasty. The gnocchi was DELICIOUS but def a little rich. The agnolotti was also really really good.

A bit pricey for just happy hour, but the ambiance and food are really nice. I would def come back! Love a Schulson restaurant!
Went to Via Locusta on Friday night. My gf was able to get us reservations into one of these warm nooks they set up with clear partitions and a heating lamp. It was a great start that made the evening comfortable from the start. Tom, the manager, was very accommodating and our waitress was very nice and did a great job with some menu recommendations 

We started with tuna and snapper crude which were both very light and tasty. The beet salad was the best I have ever had. My gf got the special pasta with truffle shavings and I had the pasta with calamari. Both were off the charts. Of course we shared a sorbet dessert which was very large and delicious. 

This was the best restaurant experience I have had in some time and they made it that much better considering these crazy times during COVID.
Wow, just wow! New place that has been open only a few months, but I see so much positive. From the decor, to the service, to the food... everything was excellent.

We decided to sit at the bar and was served by amazing bartenders. Some were new, some were there from the beginning, but they were all amazing. Waters were constantly filled, were asked about each meal, and extremely friendly. None of them were over bearing. Everything was done behind the scenes where my conversation was not interrupted. It's like they knew exactly when to come by and check in. I think they were bit of mind readers.

First of all, don't skip the focaccia. Just don't! I promise you, you will not regret it. It is so mouthwatering deliciousness that my husband and I wanted to order another one. And the honey butter that came along with it... heaven!

We also tried an appetizer along with 2 pastas. All were amazing! If I had to recommend just one pasta, I would say, go for the agnolotti. The flavors were an explosion in my mouth. You pick it up with your fingers and dip it in the creme sauce, and voila!!!

Mmm, can't wait to go back. I gotta make sure I go back before this place explodes from word of mouth.
This place is probably a 3 or 3.5 stars

I have been looking to coming to this place since it opened and finally went this week. 

The pros were the excellent service and the fantastic homemade focaccia bread.

As far as cons go, we tried the garganelli and the agnolotti, the garganelli tasted like bad penne. The noodles were thick and really chewy and the sauce tasted like canned sauce. The agnolotti was fine, but nothing to remember. Not sure if I'd go again, but if I did, I don't think I'd get a pasta.
I really wanted to love this place as I'm a huge fan of Michael Schulson but at the end of the day it was just okay - I'll still be back though. 

Ambiance - 
Via Locusta is small and dimly lit with tables packed together. In fact, the tables were so close we comfortably had a conversation with the couples on either side of us through-out the night - while they were friendly this is certainly not a place I'd go on an anniversary or other occasion where I want the focus to be on my partner. They have a couple of round tables which seem like great options for a group! They only have one bathroom which is a bit disappointing for an upscale restaurant. All that aside, the place is certainly swanky and well designed - I loved the view into the pasta room upstairs and the bar is gorgeous. You'll have to weigh the pros and cons and decide if this place fits the group and occasion you're going for. 

Food-
Definitely go for the Focaccia with Honey Butter - the true Italians will hate me for saying this but it was almost like an Italian take on a pretzel. I loved it and had to hold myself back from eating it all before the other courses. The rest of the meal was hit or miss - the pasta was certainly home made and you could taste it but I didn't enjoy some of the preparations. I actually didn't like the whole wheat spaghetti and took my waiter up on his offer to take it back. I specifically chose pastas without heavy creme sauces because I hoped to enjoy the typical Italian cheese course before dessert but was bummed not to see it on the menu. 

Drinks-
I am not well versed on Italian wine, so I loved that my waiter was able to pick one out for me based on my taste of French / American wines and even gave me a taste before committing to a full glass. Besides your standard wine fair you also had a couple of beers and some cocktails to choose from which I did not get to try. No complaints on the drink front - the wine I had was great and matched my tastes! 

Service - 
Service was excellent! My glasses never sat empty throughout the whole meal and my waiter gladly walked us through the menu. When I said that I didn't care for one of the dishes he quickly removed it and took it off the bill without me having to ask - he was gracious, efficient, and polite so I was very happy with the service. My server's knowledge of the menu and dishes was evident. Only complaint on the service was that they ended up recommending way too much food - the focaccia is very fulling and one pasta would have sufficed. Otherwise - excellent service. 

Value: 
The prices here aren't outrageous for the location right off Rittenhouse Square. Drink prices are par for the neighborhood and none of the individual dishes are very expensive - which explains why the staff actively encourages you to order multiple dishes, perhaps even too much in our experience, though there is nothing wrong with having a little to take home. The dishes are meant to be shared, so I find this place to be of great value for a group that can order many dishes to try and split the bill - perhaps over a bottle of wine which are also very affordably priced. That said, I would go else-where for a date-night as the setting is not very intimate and I think the menu is more conducive to a large group that can order more plates.
I'm a fan. The wait staff were incredibly friendly and helpful with lots of knowledge about the dishes. Plenty of outdoor seating with heating- a portion of folks with and without reservations (we decided spontaneously to eat here so it was great they could accommodate). Service was very fast despite being busy and prices were much more reasonable for the quality of food compared to surrounding restaurants. 
The highlights of our meal were definitely the  focaccia (a must order) with honey butter and bee pollen, the beets and cauliflower. 
I liked that the plates were filling but didnt feel heavy at all, and each plate had a unique flavor and texture to it. Would definitely recommend to other folks.
Yum, yum, yum and more yum! Loved this place. 

From the moment we walked in we felt welcomed. The service here is top-notch. 

Now on the the food-holy wow. Their Garganelli was awesome. Equal parts spicy and flavorful with an amazing consistency. Yum!  My friend got the Salt-Roasted chicken and that was equally delicious. 

Also had a few appetizers-farm cheese, focaccia, and the fried zucchini. All amazing! 

I will definitely be back.
If I could imagine a perfect restaurant, Via Locusta would be it. From the service, to the drinks, to the food, and even to the prices, it was perfect. 

The only issue I have is how hard it is to make a reservation!  I can't wait to go back soon!
My SO and I came for an early evening happy hour one Saturday. They have outdoor seating and we were able to get a reservation.The menu is limited but appropriate for a happy hour promotion. 

For the drinks - the Apertivo is very heavy on the aperol in flavor. The rosemary focaccia was very good especially with the honey-butter. Be sure to put some lemon juice on the eggplant fritto. The tagliata salad was a good serving of new york strip steak. The gnocchi fritto was very interesting - be sure to look it up (its not fried gnocchi, lol).

Our waitress was not very friendly, while EVERYBODY else was very nice. She spilled a drink on our table and in the food and it was well over fifteen minutes before she came back to clean anything up. We just sat there with a wet, sticky table that entire time. Accidents happen, totally understandable but there were so many alternative ways she could have handled it and that is where we were very put off. She didn't ask if she spilled anything on us until the end of the meal.
Oh, the bread, how I'm dreaming of the bread. I would totally go back just for this (even though everything we had was great).

Obviously, my wife and I started off with the focaccia with the honey butter. It was melt in your mouth, flavorful, and just the perfect texture.

Scallop crudo- I'm not a big fan of raw dishes, but this was delicious. It didn't taste fishy to me which was a huge plus. The scallops were very buttery and the grapefruit accompanied it very well.

Agnolotti - by far my favorite pasta. It's indescribable. The truffle with the cream sauce was the perfect combination 

Doppio ravioli - this was also really delicious, however, the Gorgonzola is extremely strong. The fig helped cut it a lil, but I did need something else to help. 

Huckleberry pie- it was good, but a bit seedy for me. This is my first time having this sort of pie, so wasn't exactly sure what to expect. My wife and I could not finish it. Not because it wasn't good, but because it was quite heavy. 

Overall- I will surely be back, esp for the bread
Best Italian I've had in Philadelphia so far. At an outdoor dinner, I enjoyed the classic focaccia (comes with honey butter and bee pollen) and bucatini (a take on cacio e pepe). I highly recommend both! I also had a solid aperol spritz to drink.

For the Covid-19 winter, the restaurant offers outdoor heated seating near Rittenhouse Square.

I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu (or simply reorder the focaccia and bucatini as they were great!).
I dunno. Maybe I'm spoiled by all the blow-me-out-of-the-water options in Philly, but I was underwhelmed. There was nothing I didn't like here, but nothing really stood out. The waiters were super friendly, and at the suggestion of ours we ordered the focaccia with bee pollen butter. It was good but no better than other focaccia I've had, though I did like the bee pollen. We also had the romanesco frito, served with a creamy soft cheese, which I enjoyed most of all our dishes, and the sweet onion which had some tasty sausage inside but was kind of a weird, hard-to-eat dish. For pastas, we tried the fazzoletti with egg and walnut, which was simple but full of flavor; and the paccheri, which was elevated by the note of orange to perk up the anchovy, plus yummy breadcrumbs. But I couldn't help but feel that the value didn't meet my expectations. These are premium prices, but the food mostly felt like things I could pretty easily make myself. Staff hovered around like they didn't quite have enough to do. If you're looking for a special night out, I doubt you'd be disappointed here--but if you're a foodie like me who eats out rather often, you probably want to look to somewhere more exciting.
I was really looking forward to dinner at this restaurant, but it was unfortunately a disappointment. I went with two friends for dinner on a Saturday night in October. We had a reservation, but were kept waiting for roughly an hour outside for our table. We also ran into another group of friends, who also had been waiting about 30 minutes after their reservation time for their table. We were not notified about the backup in advance and the restaurant did not offer a round of drinks or an appetizer as typically happens in this situation.

The restaurant's decor and outdoor seating area were beautiful, and the outdoor seating area on the street (where we sat) is warm and comfortable due to the heat lamps they have out. We appreciated that touch.

Drinks were average, but not great for the price - I had the Rickey Rosso. I finished the drink and liked it fine, but would probably not get it again.  You're better off going with wine here. The best appetizer (and possibly the best part of the meal) was the skillet foccacia. The butter was very good and the bread is delicious. Another bright spot was the fried eggplant, which I thought was very good - and I'm generally not an eggplant fan. We tried three different pastas (the agnolotti, the garganelli, and the bucatini) and none were particularly good. My garganelli amatriciana was fine, but I have had much better versions of this dish elsewhere in Philly. For a place that specializes in pasta, this was disappointing. 

I also hesitate to say this in the times of COVID, because I'm grateful that in-person dining is possible and recognize that it's an extremely stressful time for restaurants and servers, but the service was also not great. Our server was dismissive and refused to give my friend a recommendation when she specifically asked. 

With two drinks, three appetizers, and three pastas, the bill was almost $200 after tip. This would have been fine if the food were great, but at this price point, there are much better Italian restaurants in Rittenhouse/Center City.
It was my birthday dinner and although this wasn't my first choice for restaurant, I'm so happy I came!

We had to wait about 20 min after arrival for our table, but we just stood and drank cocktails from the bar (yummy).

The food was delicious! I went to El Vez for lunch that day and it was sorely disappointing with it's lack of flavor (although the sea bass taco on my taco sampler was good, but very small). Via Locusta made up for it! Every dish (aside from the steak my friend got) was actually seasoned and delicious! We ate the focaccia appetizer, 4 small plates (tuna tartare, cauliflower, zucchini, one other), I got the lamb ragu (switched out to pappardelle pasta), my friend had the 1/2 chicken (also delicious), and my other friend had the steak (which didn't have seasoning and we sent it back). 

They sent out a sparkler with pistachio ice cream for my bday dessert and it was DELICIOUS.

Also, the staff was very nice, knowledgeable, and accomodating.

Highly recommend, would return again. :D
I know most places are struggling during COVID, but I honestly don't understand why this place has 4.5 stars. We went during a long weekend in Philly because it had great reviews and it was close to our AirBnb, so I had high expectations. Keep in mind i worked in the restaurant biz for 6 years so I don't bash places unless it's necessary, but EVERY dish we ordered here was absolutely coated in salt. I got the tomato salad first (which was actually decent and had a normal amount of salt) but my boyfriend got the cucumber salad and it wasn't even edible. Then we both got two different pasta dishes and we could barely finish either of them because they were so incredibly salty. I don't know if they were just trying to get rid of salt that day, or if we just caught them at a bad time, but we ended up going down the street for cheesesteaks later that night because we were still starving. I swear I had to chug a bottle of water after that! I will add that the service was amazing that's the only reason its getting 3 stars
Incredible fresh pasta with very imaginative small plates, fresh focaccia that's to die for, superbly friendly service and an excellent bar - one of my new go-to restaurants. My only complaint is that it was a little loud, then again, I'm a little old. Order a lot of everything, be adventurous and ask the wait staff what they like, they seem to have good taste. Crudo was clean, salty and sour, the gnocchi tasted Asian inspired, definitely a chef having fun experimenting, and the pasta dishes were both amazing. It's a cool little spot that's part of a very solid family of restaurants - I'd like to see this one take liberties with pasta as often as the inspiration strikes. Well done.
Had brunch here this morning and we all left saying how great of a choice this place was!! I'd recommend this place to anyone! There is a ton of outdoor dining options that are COVID friendly with heaters. We sat in an outdoor dining area that was heated so it was very comfortable.  The only issue we had with our table was that cars drive by so close to you it can get loud.  To start we tried to focaccia.  It came right out of the oven with a bee pollen butter.  It was a hit or miss as some people loved it others didn't.  Personally, it wasn't my favorite it was kind of sweet and had the texture of cornbread.  For meals we got the pappardelle, rigatoni, bruschetta, and chicken milanese panino.  All of our meals were fantastic.  Our favorite was the pappardelle.  The homemade noodles were amazing and the pork had a good spice to it.  The chicken milanease panino is huge.  The chicken was nicely breaded and fried and came on a huge piece of fresh bread.  Our waitress was super friendly and very attentive.  For the portion sizes, everything was reasonably priced and worth it!!  Can't wait to come back for dinner!
We thought the restaurant shut down because it was so dark inside and out. But having made reservations we ventured inside. The bar was crowded, it is loud, restaurant was cramped and only one restroom- those are the cons of the Via Locusta.

The food is incredible, the service is friendly, efficient , our water glass was never empty and the loudness is not noticeable because the tables are small.

Drinks- Long Island Iced Tea- so good, lots of liquor , served in a short rocks glass so ask for a double. But definitely the best we have tasted in a long time.

Appetizer- Chicory salad and focaccia bread. The salad was too big for two people and was very good, the focaccia is awesome. 

Dinner- spaghetti ; don't let the words "whole wheat" fool you, you can not tell it is whole wheat. The flavor of roasted peppers , olive oil and Parmesan engulfs the homemade pasta. Very very good and should be an anchor menu item.

Dinner- anglotti; very good but rich. It is a small portion but very rich- i loved it but could not finish it. Great entree for sharing or ordering as an appetizer. It is a small plain ravioli type pasta served with a rich cheese dipping  sauce. So so good, but order with sharing in mind.

Dessert- Chocolate torta was yummy, rich and plenty to share with two and more.

We loved the food , the loud crowded restaurant is actually very private because there is so much going on. Our waiter (and other staff) appear committed to your dining experience, they are knowledgeable and eager to help. 

Definitely worth five .
I'll start off by saying that if I was purely basing this off the food that this would be 4.5 or 5 stars, and I think we had a unique situation due to some misunderstandings. 

We came in w a reservation for happy hour. Two of my friends are vegetarian, so we asked for some recommendations and they gave us several. We ordered a few drinks, the Hugo Spritz and Agrumato - both of which were delicious. Hugo Spritz definitely much lighter and the Agrumato was a bit more bitter in a citrusy kind of way. One of the drinks had a bug in it which was a bit annoying but it happens so we just asked for a new one - not a big deal.

We also ordered the caramel gelato, rosemary focaccia, and romanesco fritto. All the food was delicious and I thought the happy hour prices were pretty fair as well. The rosemary focaccia was probably my favorite and would order it again.

The main reason im docking stars is bc the focaccia had pork fat as one of the spreads (named whipped Tuscan Lardo so wasn't incredibly clear) and my vegetarian friends ultimately accidentally ate some of it, not knowing it was meat. The waiter recommended the focaccia to us, but I think there might've been some misunderstanding between the focaccia on the happy hour menu vs. the regular menu since I checked after and the regular menu one is vegetarian. I do think it was a genuine misunderstanding, which is why I caveated that this was just my experience. However, given that we informed the waiter of dietary restrictions, I do wish that he gave us a warning when we ordered it so they could stay away from that spread or clarified that we should've ordered the non happy hour focaccia because only that one is fully vegetarian. 

They also messed up our check at the end and charged us for the wrong prices for half the menu like half was happy hour prices and half wasn't, so that was another small hiccup in the night but they fixed it for us when we brought it to their attention.

Overall, the ambience in the restaurant is great and the food & drinks were delicious (def go for happy hour) but I just had an unfortunate experience. I would still go back again but just make sure to double check if everything were ordering fits our dietary restrictions.
Dined outside under the heat lamps which really worked well! Don't worry about feeling cold, those things are great! Only downside is the table is sloped so we kept having to hold our drinks so they didn't slide off the table.

Food was all delicious. The tuna was probably the best I've ever had! All of the pastas were tasty and we cleared all of our plates. The gelato for dessert was very good and not too sweet.
Absolutely horrible service, waited over an hour for our entrees after the appetizers were served. We had to ask the server when the entrees would be ready and mind you it was 10PM by this point, to then be lectured on how entrees are not prepared while appetizers are still on the table. News to me because no other restaurants make you wait over an hour for food without refilling water or checking-in or waiting in such a manner. The manager came and condescendingly tried to justify the actions and not once apologized. 

Absolute shame because the food was great, will not be returning due to the awful treatment we received.
Had high hopes for Via Locusta - perhaps too high. I had several happy hour items and was left feeling underwhelmed. Bartender and service were fantastic. Might come back to try more pasta plates, but portions and flavors just weren't there to justify the price.
Amazing experience here. Food and service are both fantastic. We tried the foccacia for our app (the honey butter is a fantastic complement!), and the bucatini and papperdelle pastas. Everything was delicious. They have ample outdoor seating and heat lamps. Can't wait to come back!
Delicious  food, great service, and wonderful ambience. Felt safe there- everyone does a nice job being covid careful/ cleaning there.
What does one want when it's 100 degrees outside? Apparently pasta. So I find myself at Via Locusta looking for a mid day snack. There were plenty of outdoor seats, and they were at a safe distance. 

I got two pastas and the focaccia. I would return for the pasta for sure. The focaccia was supremely dry, I don't know what happened so that was disappointing. But, both the Agnolotti  and Bucatini were exceptional. 

The pasta was cooked perfectly, the bucatini thick with just the right amount of cheese and leeks. The Agnolotti was delicate and the corn filling was delicious. I can't wait to try some of their other pastas.

Overall
Focaccia: 1/5
Bucatini 5/5
Agnolotti 4/5
Amazing food and service.  Truly delicious-- from the beet salad to the cauliflower to suckling pig, steak, and pasta dishes to the sorbet.  All truly delectable! The manager was so gracious.  Wonderful place to have dinner with my family after a year of quarantine.
The Schulson Collective back at it again with their new 2-month old amazing Italian restaurant. Their homemade pasta and plethora of menu options (pasta options, really) was what initially allured me to make dinner reservations. 

One week before our reservation, the only times open for a Thursday night were 5:15 and 8:45 pm. We went with the 5:15 pm reservation and our Uber dropped us off the side to where Parc is. The quaint street in the heart of Rittenhouse Square hides the little entrance to Via Locusta where it opens into a very aesthetic vibe like Giuseppe & Sons (which is another Schulson Collective restaurant). 

The focaccia with honey butter and bee pollen is a must to start off. Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside! We ordered the agnolotti, fig and gorgonzola ravioli and bucatini with leek. The agnolotti is a hand-dipped pasta (kind of like a smaller ravioli) with cheese fondue; fig and gorgonzola ravioli was very sweet and savory (the fig and gorgonzola are sectioned into a 2-part ravioli) and bucatini was my personal favorite with leek, white cream sauce and cheese. Will be back to try the king crab fusilli, would highly recommend for a first date (though kind of dark) and fun night out with nice bar seating and lots of liquor~
I would give Via Locusta 5 stars solely for the focaccia bread with honey butter. Honestly some days I think about coming here, ordering two of those, and leaving. Otherwise, I'd say the pasta is pretty good.

As you could probably tell, the focaccia bread with honey butter is definitely my favorite item on the menu. The pastas are really fresh and you can tell that they're made in store. I've had quite a few of them but the agnolotti and pappardelle stood out for sure. I would say the pastas do lean on the smaller side in terms of portions. Looking to come back just for the bread though!
The food here is pretty good, some dishes are big hits, while others are just solid. The focaccia with whipped honey butter, heirloom tomato salad, ravioli, and agnolotti were the stand out dishes we had. All small plates. 

My major complaint was with our table. We initially sat outside, in a table they position right below their kitchen exhaust fan. It was disgusting, to say the least. You have this hot, greasy air blowing on you. We asked management to switch tables, and it took 45 minutes to do so. After we moved, we watched as the next group sat at the same table experienced the same issues. The restaurant clearly knows that table is an issue, yet they choose to continue to sit people there to maximize profits... despite having two huge outdoor seating structures on both sides of their street! If you get sat at that table, you're just going to have a bad experience. Really a shame.
I recently went to Via Locusta on a date. The servers were extremely friendly and helpful with recommendations. We ordered two cocktails that had just been added to the menu. They were delicious and beautifully presented. We shared a few small plates, a pasta dish, and the most delicious strawberry and pistachio ice cream I have ever had. I will definitely be returning!
So on a whim we booked this place 3 days after it opened - which we always promise that we won't do - we usually like to wait for restaurants to be open a few weeks so they can iron out the kinks.

Let's say we needn't have worried - it was really great.  I had a snapper crudo and some out-of-this world-ravioli with (fortunately in-season) white truffles.  DW had the cabbage as an appetizer followed by the fig ravioli.  We split a foccacia.

All of the dishes were outstanding.  The crudo was very delicately sliced and melted in your mouth.  The cabbage was way better than it sounded - a surprisingly well rounded dish.  We thought about sharing the two pasta dishes, but after trying one bite of each other's, we both looked like Golum in Lord of the Rings - each holding onto our "precious."

The foccacia was interesting - more polished and, well, just different than a typical foccacia.  The bread is a bit dense and round but pretty and really needs to be tasted.  It also turned out to be desirable, as the portion sizes of the other dishes weren't small but they also weren't huge.

In sum, this is not a south-philly red-gravy kind of Italian place.  There are plenty of those - and they're great - but this is more for someone who prefers quality over quantity and likes new twists on old favorites.  You won't be disappointed.
Michael Schulson knocks one down Locust Street with Via Locusta.  It's primarily a pasta menu, with a variety of small plates, and the dishes are meant for sharing -- but when you dial into pasta, you have to dial with focus.  Via Locusta hits all of the good points -- the small plates (snapper crudo and heirloom tomatos) were richly flavored and carried just the right amount of oil, agliata and balsamic.  The snapper crudo was graced with Meyer lemon -- not slices or garnish, but painstakingly zested lemon to complement the finely sliced fennel.

Pasta was cooked to perfection; pork ragu and gaunciale were ideal meat sauce ingredients with the tagiatelle and garganelli.

They have tables set up on the sidewalk and half a lane of Locust Street, reservations taken online and honored as soon as we arrived, and the service was impeccable.
I had lunch here solo and it was so wonderful! Staff were super friendly and welcoming, and my waiter recommended a few dishes at my request that turned out to be great. I had the chicory salad and tuna tartare and recommend both. I will absolutely be back to try the pastas. Loved it!
overall beautiful space and great service!

the food: i got several of the small plates which i thought were far better than the pastas. heirloom tomato salad topped with pesto was amazing, the octopus dish had the softest octopus ever, and loved the focaccia with burrata (a little salty though!) for pasta i had the sweet corn with truffle, which was good but a little dry for me.

service: came with a larger party and was still so consistently taken care of and accommodated for, cannot applaud them enough!
Came here today for lunch with a friend and it was amazing! I love all Michael Schulsons restaurants so I wasn't too surprised that this one was just as great. Their outdoor seating is great for winter and because of dining restrictions cause of Covid. Food was amazing and service was great too! Focaccia bread is a must try we got it with the whipped honey butter, burrata and prosciutto. The garganelli pasta was also delicious! Will def be back and would def recommend.
Beautiful bar and delicious food! Would recommend getting multiple pasta plates or appetizers as pastas are smaller. Happy hour is also a great deal! Our waitress Erica was very friendly and attentive! Will be coming back!
The interior of Via Locust has a warm but not too dark ambiance (not those Italian places where you can barely see the person dining in front of you). We dined indoors but it seemed like the outdoor dining areas were quite popular given the heat lamps.

We ordered the focaccia bread with burrata. The focaccia bread was heavenly. The bread came out warm and had just the right amount of elastic chewiness. 

We ordered two pasta dishes: the pappardelle and the gramigna. I'm a bit more biased as I love mushrooms but I liked the gramigna more. The pappardelle was great as well but it was a taste that seemed more average/I could eat it at any other Italian place. The gramigna melted right in your mouth. 

Would recommend as a nice lunch or dinner place with friends or special ones.
Wow. What a great new hot spot! Super attentive staff, especially Chris and Nicole. food was unique and flavorful. Can't wait to come back! We loved everything, especially the agnolotti and the pappardelle with wild boar ragu. The owner Jeff was great and seems to be in his element!
Soooooo good! We came here for happy hour that they have everyday from 3-6pm which is awesome. They had a few wines, beers and cocktails to choose from. We got pretty much every happy hour app to split and all were delicious! The focaccia bread I am still dreaming about. We ordered a second one because we were all dying for more. The bruschetta was also very tasty and flavorful. The agnolotti was delicious too with the sauce. The gnocchi fritto was not what I was expecting but was so delicious the ricotta salata you put on top. I cannot wait to go back again everything was so delicious. The only one I didn't love was the tagliata salad just because the steak was to rare for me but that's my fault for not specifying!
I loved their food, small ish portions but definitely quality over quantity. Desserts are also must! The manager is super friendly and all the workers were so nice and accommodating even w a stroller and baby. Would 100% recommend !!!!
This is the latest addition to the Rittenhouse area. Located on the north side of Locust Street, Midway between 17th and 18th. This is a very nice place. Dim lit medium sized dining room offers great ambiance. Our Server Dustin was excellent . I am vegan and he was very helpful pointing out several options for me on the menu, and also offering to make adjustments to some dishes to accommodate. Plates are purposefully designed smaller with hopes that diners will have a chance to try more. My friend and I started with the "Crudite" salad and a second salad plate whose name escapes me. Both were fresh, cold, and delicious. I had the whole wheat Spaghetti which was so delicious, I had to ask twice if was made using butter. The olive oil sauce was that AMAZING!! My friend had ravioli which I couldn't try but she proclaimed was delicious! After 4 plates and a glass of Pinot Grigio for her and a Tito's Martini for me, we had no room for desert. My cocktail was made to perfection and she enjoyed her glass of white. Besides Dustin's special attention to our table, another server checked on us twice, and someone came from the bar minutes after our drinks were served to make sure we were satisfied. We had 7:15 reservations on a Saturday night and we were imediately sat. In and out in about an hour but not rushed. Check was $92 (pleasant surprise). Crowd is sophisticated and what you'd expect in Rittenhouse. This will not doubt be a hot spot this summer. No pun intended. I live right next door and will surely be back. Give it a shot. You can't go wrong here.
My good friends and me decided to stop by for drinks during our recent visit to Philly. WOW!!!! These drinks  were absolutely amazing!  The bartenders all of them were kick ass amazing. These were artists in every way creating cocktails with both sophistication and depth. Never have I left a review simply for drinks. But this recent experience really demanded. Shawn and the crew killed it in the best way. I'll be back many times. I had like 6 drinks and left a $40 tip. Thanks guys and Via Locusta
Everything is looking auspicious for Michael Schulson's latest offshoot, Via Locusta. The house made pasta dishes are the draw, and certainly the reason why you'll be dreaming of coming back even before you depart.
We recently had lunch after having dinner there another time and all I can say is it's awesome. In my opinion one of the best places for pasta in philly and excellent cocktails
Exceptional food. Sometimes you go to an Italian restaurant and all of the spices and sauces blend into the same taste. Not here! Every dish is uniquely seasoned, so fresh, and beautifully presented. Can't go wrong with handmade pasta (sweet corn agnolotti) or crudos. The summer Frozen Pompelo (gin, aperol, grapefruit, and lemon) is as satisfying and dangerous as a Slurpee.
Wanted to love this place but I really only loved the focaccia bread and the brown sugar butter it came with. The menu was small and they kept recommending us to get more than one pasta dish even though we said no thank you multiple times. One was enough to fill us if we aren't too hungry. Still generous proportions. My boyfriend had the oxtail and loved it and I had the crabmeat over fusilli and thought it was mediocre.
The first time we went in February 2020 the food was very good. But the second time we went today was a bit disappointing. Many of the happy hour appetizers I got were average at best. One pasta dish was excellent- the agnolotti, but another one was very disappointing. Overall not a great experience, especially for the steep price of dinner.
absolutely loved it- the food, drinks, atmosphere, and service were all impressive, especially considering how new the place is. the menu is creative and not too flashy. our server was extremely kind and attentive without being pushy. love that the menu has a pasta encyclopedia on the back! can't wait to return.
I LOVE this restaurant!  We didn't even know it was here until a friend told us about it and we must have walked by several times.  We frequent Parc, and walk to 17th, but don't walk too fast or you'll miss it!  It is right behind it.  It is very cozy inside with minimal seating, bar, and outdoor gazebos.  The food is amazing, we loved the charred octopus.  Staff is always lovely and welcoming, a good date spot.  We keep going back!
Great restaurant. Loved the lettuce & red snapper ceviche. Pastas off the charts! We loved the margaritas, so refreshing & light, not too sweet. Tiramisu was outstanding too ! Although we couldn't sit inside, interior is sexy. Highly recommended for refined, gourmet food!
I couldn't wait to come here, the reservations were hard to get. We sat at the bar and had to wait a while for our seat. Finally, so excited after the long wait, we were lead upstairs, past a kitchen, dark stairs, and sat down in something like a picnic table. We were seated into to a kitchen room. I had garbage bins behind me. My friend had a sink behind him. I had a big mixer next to me. Crates, etc. we were seated in a kitchen storage room. Thanks for the great experience.

This is not how you treat your customers. 
Please see the pictures.
Excellent service and wonderful outdoor dining! The focaccia with three spreads was unreal and the pasta dishes just melted in your mouth. They have a weekly happy hour 4-6pm which was nice for pre dinner drinks! I would recommend this restaurant for a special occasional or a nicer night out.
Glad this place is still going despite opening right at the beginning of Covid. I had heard of this place from multiple pasta snob friends and was glad to try it out. 

For drinks we got a couple of the spritz which honestly depending on how you like your alcohol, you could barely taste the alcohol. They were delicious though especially the melone. 

The focaccia was amazing and definitely a to get. I kinda wish we got two haha and the butter that came with it was divine. 

Pasta, we got the garganelli, gramigna, agnolotti, and the pappardelle. Pretty much all the meat ones and the agnolotti which was corn and black truffle. 

All the pastas were good, but I will say that I wish the pasta came out hotter. They were more on the side of luke warm to cooled so the texture of the pasta wasn't as nice once it got to our table. 

Since competition is super crazy in the city especially for pasta you gotta watch for anything you can make better.
The interior of this restaurant was lovely! We were seated and served quickly. Our waitress was very helpful and let me sample a wine before ordering. The focaccia bread was heavenly! You need to order it. It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside but the honey was by far my favorite part. I ordered the bucatini and my friend ordered the gramigna. The bucatini was a little salty in my opinion, not sure if the saltiness came from the cheese that was used but I had trouble finishing it. My friend enjoyed her dish! There was a perfect amount of mushroom in the pasta sauce.  Both dishes were enough for one person to finish. The highlight of the meal was the focaccia bread so definitely order that if you plan on coming here!
This place is amazing. This is the best italian food I've ever had for sure. The service was great, our waiter Kris was super attentive. I will be back for sure. I had a great experience and would recommend for friends. Great restaurant.
Came here for happy hour and it was great! Had the salad and it was super yummy. Bass crudo was super delicious! Eggplant fritto was super good! It was nice and crispy! The pasta was super good! The blueberry tart was great! Service was excellent! I had such a good time! Definitely be fun'
Being a fan of the other schulson restaurants, I was very excited to finally come here. The pastas are great, some better than others. The doppio ravioli and agnolotti are a must, as well as the focaccia. The crab fusilli was very good as well but had a more tangy flavor to it. Also the desert was awesome - some sort of berry pie. We sat upstairs in the pasta making room which was a cool experience but you do lose some of the feel of the ambiance downstairs.
Honestly really disappointed in my latest experience at Via Locusta :( 

I wanted to plan a really nice and upscale dinner for my parents to meet my future in laws, so we chose Via Locusta because I had been twice before and had a good time. I made a reservation for 6 of us inside and talked it up to everyone beforehand.

When we arrived, they sat us at a table that was set up for 5 and didn't look big enough for 6. When I told them we were 6, they responded as if we had added someone last minute, which we did not. I was put off by the way they were handling it because they said things like "we only have 2 tables for larger than 4" and "we're a small restaurant and just doing our best" but seemed unwilling to accommodate us. Eventually we settled on a table in the back that was just big enough for us. It did end up being fine, but started the night off on a less happy note. (Side note we asked to sit outside which they said was full, which is fine, but we saw 2 people sitting at an 8-top which would have fit us perfectly.)

We got to ordering and oddly, each time they brought out shareable plates, nobody ever brought out serving utensils. With COVID we felt that was especially strange, and when we would ask it was like we were asking for something strange.

The food was good, but everyone at the table agreed it was not an experience that would be commensurate with the high price tag. Unfortunately I do not think I will be back :(
I usually don't leave reviews but this place was so incredible that I had to. All 4 dishes that my girlfriend and I ordered were fantastic, especially the swordfish which was the most tender, delicious fish I've ever had. Pasta was hand-made and had the perfect texture and taste. The service was phenomenal, everyone who worked there was so nice. The dishes were a bit on the small side but without a doubt worth the price. I've been to many great restaurants in Philadelphia and this place is now my favorite. Definitely recommend
Fantastic evening out. Food was fabulous and service was on point. Between two of us we had two small plates ( tomatoes and burrata and the fried gnoccho with the pepper mustardo) both were nice. Then we did two pasta. The one everyone talks about with the corn filling and truffle cream dipping sauce and the ravioli. It was really good I need to go back just to try new dishes.
Schulson has some great restaurants, but his Italian ones are just okay. Was excited to try this place, but was disappointed. Came with a group of 6 so we tried a bunch of items on the menu. We were most impressed by the appetizers. I would recommend this place if you just wanted apps and cocktails or wine! The pasta itself was really good and you could tell it was homemade. However, the sauces were really bland. Definitely have room for improvement with the flavor. Also there's only 1 bathroom for the whole restaurant so be prepared to wait.
If you don't want every item you order from a restaurant to blow your mind, then don't eat at Via Locusta. If you don't think that bacon should snap and chew, and eggs should ooze like jelly, then don't eat at Via Locusta. If you don't want to experience sweet corn and black truffle melt in your mouth like pure euphoria, then don't eat at Via Locusta. If you don't like pancakes fluffier than a pen full of baby golden retrievers, then don't eat at Via Locusta.

... but, if you are interested in tantalizing your taste buds for the first time in your life, then eat at Via Locusta. If you are interested in finding a new restaurant you will be comparing all future meals to, then eat at Via Locusta. If you are interested in bountiful portions for bonafied prices, then eat at Via Locusta. 

Bottom line - eat a Via Locusta.
We had anniversary dinner there last night and had a great experience. The food great and a very good wine list, leaning towards Italian varietals. The focaccia bread was the best I ever had. Service was friendly and efficient.
Great place. Love their handmade pastas. Divine taste. Come for anything on that pasty of the menu.
Really wanted to love this place. the location and ambiance was great, but the food did not blow me away. For the price, I felt that the dishes should have been a lot better than they were. They pastas were just okay and definitely did not feel like homemade pasta. the ravioli almost tasted like it was just defrosted. This place is new so I think it just needs some time to better itself, but definitely want to try going back somewhere down the line. The drinks were fab tho!
This restaurant did it right to accommodate the colder Philadelphia weather and keeping its patrons safe during COVID.  They have adequate outside seating available with dividers between tables, and heat lamps!  The drinks were awesome, the food was spectacular, and our server Javas could not have been more attentive (without being intrusive).  Happy hour offers amazing smaller dishes and their fresh made pasta was delightful. I will most definitely return!
Such. Good. Food. I had the steak and eggs and my friend got the MOUNTAIN of apple pancakes, which she was generous enough to let me try. Both melted in my mouth. Such juicy steak. Such fluffy pancakes. And best of all, such a pleasant COVID-friendly environment. We sat outside under a little tent which had full heating and piped in music. Highly recommend.
Absolutely loved this little place. The cocktails were amazing and the food was soo good!! We loved the pastas and dessert. I'm so glad we decided to step in after a night out. We didn't have a reservation but walked in and were seated immediately. They were so nice and we weren't rushed even when they were closing. We'll be back for sure!
This time around, I had a proper dinner and it was still a good experience. We sat in their outdoor chalet's which are outfitted with music, lights, plants, and they are warm, one of the best setups. We snagged a reservation during happy hour so we could enjoy some of those offering. Our waiter Paul was OUTSTANDING! Such an enjoyable and knowledgeable presence. On to the food.

Happy Hour:
Melograno and Rosato - great drinks at a good price, no complaints
Focaccia, honey butter, fermented sausage, farmer's cheese. This time around the focaccia was done correctly and the sausage was interesting and tasty. There was really no use for the butter and cheese, but I'll take it 
Gnoccho Fritto- Fried hollow bread bites with sweet peppers and prosciutto, Yum
Chicken Milanese Sandwich - same buttery focaccia, but this time with chicken, mozzarella and aioli, amazing

Pastas:
Shrimp Raviolini - New dish, in a broth. It was not my favorite, but I can see the vision. It was difficult to taste the filling and the broth did not pair well
Gramigna- Duck Ragu pasta was a winner

Entrees:
Roast Suckling Pig - Was moist, with a crispy exterior and some delicious kale, simple and tasty

Dessert - They need to step up their game in this department. They had either gelato or an Apple fritter option. The Apple Fritter was batter Red Delicious Apples (the worst apple to choose) with a caramel sauce. It was meh, I would skip, but please add some more traditional Italian desserts, I am a dessert lover!

Overall:
HH Drinks - 5/5
Foccacia, Sausage, Butter, Cheese 5/5
Gnoccho Fritto- 5/5
Chicken Milanese Sandwich - 5/5
Raviolini - 3/5
Gramigna - 5/5
Roast Suckling Pig 4/5
Apple Fritter Dessert 2/5
Make a reservation! My friend and I walked in last night and didn't make a reservation because we didn't expect it to be so crowded after a few days from their opening. I waited a bit for a friend and the manager? Host? was very kind enough to bring us up to the pasta room! Our service was excellent and I could tell he was pacing our dishes based on how we were eating our meal. The focaccia bread is a MUST.The butter is to die for (I would come back just for this). I recommend the scallop crudo and the chicory which were delicious and light. I highly recommend getting a veggie dish because the pastas were very rich/decadent. We ordered the bucatini (taste was solid), fazzoletti (loved the thinness of the pasta, flavor was slightly bland), and the agnolotti( it is very truffle heavy). The bathroom is a bit annoying to use because you have to pass behind the staff. I felt like I was in their way. Overall, we had a pleasant experience. I do wanna come back and try other dishes. I can't say it's the best pasta I've had, but definitely worth trying!
Nice place, really cute inside. Great service and yummy food. I left hungry though so def need to get more dishes next time!!!
My friends and I went to Via Locusta at the recommendation of a local business person, and it did not disappoint! It is easily one of the best meals I have had so far in my life, and what makes it even better are the reasonable prices! My friends and I arrived in time for happy hour and got some small plates and had the best focaccia bread (possibly the best bread) I've ever had in my life fresh out of the oven with delicious farmers cheese, honey butter, and whipped tuscan lardo. We also got the Agnolotti small plate, and it was delicious. For my entree, I got the bucatini which was also mouth watering, and finally we topped off the evening with after dinner drinks. Try the limoncello, it's smooth!! I'm considering moving to Philadelphia, so I can eat here every week!
Do not go here for brunch.

Group of 6 of us. It's 47 degrees out so we ate inside. The air conditioner was on and blowing cold air on our tables the whole brunch. The servers kept going in and out blowing the cold air on us from the doors being opened, and sometimes being left open. Double cold whammy. Wasn't pleasant. Wore our jackets inside. 

Our order got served in 3 parts instead of all together. We kept waiting expecting the next dish for our party, but it never came. Two of us finished our dishes before the last plate came. 

I ordered a yogurt with fruit for $12. It had maybe 7 blueberries in it, 3 mint leaves, and a little bit of yogurt. I didn't even like it. I could've been more satisfied with a blueberry chobani. 

We asked to take leftovers home from two of the dishes. The lady took the plates and threw it out by accident. 

Considering the meal was $166 it was a very unpleasant experience. I hate writing these reviews. I'm sure everyone there is trying their best but it was just awful today.
Very cute restaurant and great outdoor seating (even pretty warm in the cold). It had a very cool bar which I liked. Food was delicious - tasted several appetizers from the octopus to this puffed gnocci dish. Then completed my meal with pasta and really enjoyed it. Staff was also super nice and very helpful!
The gnocco fritto is some of the best I have had at an Italian restaurant! Whether you are dining inside or enjoying one of the nicer patio tables, Via Locusta will consistently deliver good service, great and fresh food, and a pleasant atmosphere. I only gave 4 stars because I think the drinks are just okay...
This is the best pasta I've had in Philadelphia thus far. First we had the focaccia, which was pretty good. Then we had the QUADRETTI RAVIOLI, AGNOLOTTI, and the SPAGETTI. The first two were so delectably rich and good and the spaghetti was so fresh and light. So excited to come here again!!!
This is suuuuuch a good Italian restaurant! I've been here a few times and boy oh boy if this food good. First and foremost you have to get the focaccia! You have to have to. Sometimes they service it with a variety of spreads all of which are amazing. Everything on the menu is great. They have cute outdoor seating alongside the road. The inside is really nice as well. It's a great date night spot as well as a girls night.
I've been wanting to come here for the better half of a year, and happy to say I finally made it out with a friend last night. I had the Aperitivo and Hugo on happy hour $8 and both were refreshing. Although I'm not sure how much alcohol was in them since I had those 2 plus a beer, and normally I would be feeling a certain type of way but didn't feel any buzz last night. As for happy hour food, we had the rosemary focaccia served with whipped lardo, house farmer's cheese and honey-butter $6. My favorite was the honey-butter dusted with bee pollen, delicious. We also shared the romanesco fritto which was recommended by our server, great texture, well fried with a very light batter. Although we only tried a couple items, my happy hour experience has me wanting to come back for dinner with the hubby! Stay tuned for my next update :)
Dinner was amazing! Everything from the ambiance to the focaccia with honey butter. The restaurant is beautiful inside, perfect for a date night. Our server was very attentive and helped us navigate through the menu. We started with the octopus, which was delicious. 
For pastas, we ordered the agnolotti, the garganelli, and the veal cappeletti. Everything was excellent, but the agnolotti was the star. Finished off with delicious caramel gelato. Definitely coming back!
So excited to have finally tried this place! There is outdoor seating which is a plus and the ambience is great. The graganelli was absolutely well done, very traditional italian pasta cook and was really excited they had guanaciale, this is rare, most places just use pancetta or bacon. The small plates were really good, between the snapper and the octopus, I think the octopus was so much better flavored. It was so soft to eat and the flavors mixed well. The red snapper was good too, a little too sour and more fishy if you are worried about that. Lastly our entree the suckling pig, the best was the crispy skin, very well made. The actual inside was overcooked and super salty. 

The restaurant was definitely busy so it took a while for the food to come out. If you are looking for a long meal and good conversation that shouldn't be a problem. I definitely will be back to try other things on the menu
