Yum yum yum yum yum. I'm pretty speechless, which, for me, is totally rare.

Finally ate here on the recommendations of yelpers, and they are all right. Yep, it's small (you feel like you're eating in someone's kitchen) but it's cozy and as long as it's not too crowded, it adds to the experience.

The service was great, the sushi, which was amazingly delicious, was made quickly and the price was right.

If they weren't playing a Muzac version of "Ave Maria" over and over on the speaker in front of me, it would have been darn near perfect. As it was, it made me, my belly and my credit card happy. I'm down with the VIC.
One thing I definitely didn't have while living in the burbs? Delivery sushi. And not just sushi that defaults to acceptable because it saves me a trip off the couch. Vic Sushi is pretty decent stuff. 

I did think the fancy rolls were overpriced. Paying well over ten bucks because a roll involves two types of fish and some eel sauce does not justify that cost (although the rolls with mango intrigue). Next time, I'll go for one of the three roll dealies, which comes to a much more wallet-friendly $10.95.
Good fortune took me to Vic's Sushi Bar, a diminutive BYOB near Rittenhouse Square.

There's little room at this eatery, putting their sushi bar front and center. Eating at the bar is an intimate experience; don't be surprised to find yourself passing soy sauce or water from one person to another. If you're lucky, you'll score a seat right away, otherwise be prepared to wait. (We waited a bit. Another group chose to sit at the tiny table by the door.)

Sipping bowls of miso, we chatted with the humble sushi chef, Vic himself. Toiling behind the counter, he worked his magic. The rest of the staff were on point that evening, met our needs, and were happy to provide separate checks for us.

Sushi presentation was outstanding. Everything we tasted was delectable. We started with the Sansom roll ($14) - that's shrimp tempura, crab stick and avocado roll, with fresh tuna, salmon, avocado, eel sauce, spicy sauce, masago, and scallions. Next, we had the Black Dragon roll ($11) - eel, avocado, in a cucumber roll, topped with more eel. We finished with the Alaskan roll. Rolls weren't skimpy; we barely finished what we had.

Despite being smaller than a frickin' bread box, Vic's delivers personal service, reasonable prices, and quality sushi. After hearing so much about Vic's, I'm glad I finally got to stop in.
Let me preface this review by saying that I've been eating sushi since I was about 4 years old.  Probably not healthy, but I can say that I have a good 17 years of solid sushi eating under my belt.  Plus, I come from a family of sushi-mongers.  

Anyways, I think everything's been summed up by other reviews.  I just thought I'd add some tips.

1.  To avoid the crowds, go during the week - early (around 5pm) - or stop by for lunch.
2.  Try something you've never tried - I recommend the TUNA DUMPLINGS.  It's not what you'd expect.
3.  If you frequent the place, ask Vic to make you something he thinks you'd like.  I did and the rolls were so good he decided to put it on the menu - Princess Roll and a soon to come mango roll.  
4.  Get to know Vic, La, and Jim.  They're such great people and it really makes the dining experience nicer.  Plus, a couple of times they've treated me to some new dishes and beer!  

Also, I know the one major complaint about Vic's is the seating.  However, I wouldn't give up quality for more room.  Plus, traditionally sushi bars are meant to be smaller so that the chef gets to know you and your tastes. From what I've heard and experienced there weren't set rolls and menus back in the day.  A sushi chef you've come to know would make rolls according to what you typically like.  

I love Vics!
Yes. This place is as small as everyone says it is BUT if you do score a few spots by the sushi bar, you'll forget how small it is. The bar is rather wide and to the side of the commotion of the storefront/people who ordered take-out. The special is 3 rolls cut up into 8 BITE-SIZED pieces for $10.95. Notice the emphasis on the size, they're small but should satisfy your sushi craving. If you have a bigger appetite they have also have tasty "special" rolls for about $10-15 each. They're packed with more sashimi and so tasty that you'll want to try to stick the whole piece in your mouth, only to fail and have sushi rice stuck on your face. I enjoy that they use a lot of soybean "paper" on their rolls. Not sure if it adds more flavor but it's pretty to look at. I don't remember the names of rolls but I do remember the "Expensive Roll" in particular... because of its name and price. I know there is lobster in it but unsure of what else lies within that makes it $30[1].  You can only order it if you dine in though. The staff here is really nice, service is prompt and the sushi is presented beautifully.
This place is also vegetarian friendly! There are tofu and vegetable rolls on the menu. So bring a bottle of wine, a vegetarian and visit Vic. Or just be smart and bring a bottle to drink while you wait for your take-out.

[1] Why can't they have something called a "Cheap roll" for $0.30 and leave out the lobster?
Can I get a HELL YEAH?
Seriously... Can I? Cause I want to give it to Vic. I stopped in for lunch this week and was floored by the by everything I ordered. My standard is miso, a roll and sake sashimi. I tried a nontraditional iRoll, guess I'm a sucker for anything referencing apple. There was an unexpected surprise of coconut, it really added an interesting complexity to the roll. The roll are fun and make great use of flavor combinations.

Sashimi is where I really judge sushi. It is the most striped down and honest food product you can get. If you don't have a great product there's no hiding it. Vic's sake sashimi was like kissing a mermaid, smooth, sensual and seductive. I could eat this all day.

Vic is my new favorite sushi bar.
If you're after cheap Chinese sushi half a notch above the rolls available in the refrigerated case at the grocery store, Vic'll do ya fine.
Maybe my expectations were high, maybe it was because we walked 15 blocks in the rain, but Vic wasn't as amazing as everyone says.

Sure, the food was good. I think I'd like it better for take out instead of eating there (which I didn't know wasn't really done). The miso soup was good, the three roll special was solid.

I guess I just wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but I would eat their sushi again.
KNOW BEFORE U GO
- BYOB
- Extreme limited space. One table(5 ppl max) and 9 chairs surrounding the sushi bar. When is full house, people is pretty much elbow to elbow.
- No reservations, first come first served.
- Only offer bottles of water, so you can forget about asking for a glass of ice water. 
- Do offer hot green tea for free, but it is self-served. 
- No waiter/waitress services.
- $15 minimum using CC, they don't take Amex.
- Bike delivery(rain or snow) within 10 blocks from the restaurant, if farther, Postmates is the only option.
- No lunch specials. But they do offer 3 rolls/hand rolls special all day long.

Vic's sushi is really a small sushi bar located between 20th and 21st of Sansom street. As I walked in, I immediately saw the pictures of their royal customers who been coming to this place 10 years ago until now, WOW!!! Looking through the menu, 90% is all sushi, with a few appetizers such as pork gyoza, shu mai. They don't carry things like varied fillings of dumplings(hot items), rock shrimp, white rice( only carry sushi rice) etc. 

I only dine in during their calm hours, I don't like eating "elbow to elbow", I'm not saying is wrong, is just me. Most of the times, I do take out. My favorite items are futomaki(got my whole family hooked on this roll lol), spicy kani, sweet potato, shrimp tempura, Dancing Kani etc.....
Basically everything Claire O. said, I agree with.

I love sushi. If I could date sushi, I would. If I could build a person out of sushi rolls, I'd love her to death - literally, because I would eat her, and then she would no longer exist (except in my belly).

I love trying new rolls and Vic's menu had so many choices I didn't know what to do with myself. We ordered the Sansom Roll and the Ocean Brother, which were both amazing. I must come back to try the rest.

If you're looking for fresh ingredients and a great combination of flavor, try Vic. Definitely more than your average sushi joint. It's tiny and maybe unassuming from the outside, but you won't regret it.
Spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, pineapple, avocado and coconut jam. No, I'm not listing different things on the menu, I'm listing the ingredients in one roll, the mouthwateringly complex iRoll. Just one of the many specialty makis they're rolling at Vic's, this is one of the most delicious options with its immense size, lightness in texture, spicy kick, and subtle sweet finish as the juicy pineapple bursts in your mouth.

Trust me, I've more or less described all of the specialty rolls. I've yet to try one that isn't among the best of its kind. The a la carte sushi options are all extremely fresh and delicate, and I love their eel. Sometimes they don't have certain fish in stock, but that's probably because it was so good that they ran out, or the catch that day was subpar and they're opting not to serve it, either way, it's a testament to how seriously they take their sushi.

The Kani Salad was a spicy, creamy start to my last meal here, and was reminiscent in texture and flavor of coleslaw with a Japanese flair, it would go well as a side dish just as much as an appetizer. The dressing was a bit heavy, though, making it more filling than I would have liked, so I may opt for the seaweed salad next time instead, but this is definitely a dish to try at least once. 

Reasonable prices and some of the best sushi I've had in Philly, but good luck getting a seat if you plan to dine in. On second thought, maybe skip dining in. Not only is there very limited seating, but there's a lot of foot traffic and hovering with people pouring in to place and pickup orders or wait for seats. If you don't want to take your sushi home, why not wander a couple blocks over to Rittenhouse Square, and enjoy it in the park? If it's a nice night, why waste it sitting inside anyway?
tl;dr this neighborhood hole-in-the-wall serves up fresh fish, filling the niche for low-key, affordable sushi in Rittenhouse

In Philadelphia, I've found that sushi restaurants here are polarized between dives and fine dining. But Vic offers the perfect balance between better-than-average seafood for modest prices. Specifically, it's known around the neighborhood for their 3 Rolls Special: any 3 non-specialty rolls for $11.75. Vic also offers free delivery around Rittenhouse for any orders over $15, perfect for your takeout needs.

If you're looking to get out of the house for a cheap BYOB, you can try your luck at nabbing one of the few seats in Vic's cramped interior. A single table lies immediately through the entrance, while a handful of chairs line the wooden sushi bar. Japanese knickknacks and photos of Vic's many regulars line the walls. As a note, Vic does not offer free ice water but instead has complimentary hot water and green tea packets.

During our last visit to Vic, my partner and I shared 6 rolls and the Tuna Dumplings appetizer. While not particularly friendly, service was prompt -- our sushi chef prepared our entire order from memory as he meticulously sliced each piece of fish and rolled them with the other ingredients. Within 5 minutes, a huge platter with each of our rolls was laid before us. Nothing was was particularly over-the-top, but the fish tasted fresh, and the portions were generous. As we finished up our rolls, the chef handed me another plate: the Tuna Dumplings, a dense core of crunchy tempura, masago, and avocado wrapped within a large slice of tuna and drizzled with spicy mayo. Each ingredient offered a distinct flavor and textural profile, blending together into a tasty completed product. We finished up our meal full and satisfied, eager to return the next time we get a sushi craving.
This place is out of control, and that's coming from a fairly critical sushi eater.  The restaurant itself is pretty cozy, but it's totally cool because diners get to see the sushi being made behind the bar.

We started out with the three maki roll special (spicy tuna, yellowtail-scallion and Philadelphia) - no complaints there. Then we ordered two special rolls, as we are true gluttons, which were amazing. It was hard to choose because everything on the menu looked really delicious.

The Ocean Brother roll has shrimp tempura and avocado, topped with lump crab meat, wasabi tobiko and eel sauce. Major points for using real crab. The Sansom Roll has shrimp tempura and avocado as well, topped with salmon, tuna, avocado, scallion, spicy mayo and eel sauce. This was also really good.

What I really like about Vic is the freshness of the ingredients, the good combination of flavors, and the fact that the special rolls aren't just enormous slimy messes of sauce and mush. I appreciate that the rolls are made so neatly - each piece is packed together (I absolutely hate it when there is crap falling out of those overstuffed rolls) and fits cleanly into your mouth (biting sushi is a no-no).

Overall an awesome experience and I will return...tomorrow.
This place is teeny tiny - so know that before you go.  Also when I went and asked for a glass of water I was told they have no water and I'd have to buy a bottle - which I did.  I went again today and again had to buy a $1.80 bottle of Fiji.

Vic offers a great roll cominbation special and also serves some creative and (fattening - too much rich sauce) non-traditional rolls.
Order the sauce on the side and problem is solved!

One item worth getting though is the "tuna dumplings".  This is really a sashimi type appetizer.  Thinnly sliced raw tuna is filled with a creamy avocado mixture (again - fat-city) and molded into a dumpling shape.  Worth a try if you are into avocado.

Also try the Sansom Roll. It is a meal in itself.

Recently I also tried (and now have dreams about) the Ocean brother roll - a huge roll stuffed with shrimp tempura and avocado,  and outside has a delicious mildly-spiced CRAB SALAD (real crab) and wasabi tobiko.  It is usually drowned in eel sauce, so again - I get mine with brown rice, sauce on the side.  (I know, I'm a picky pain in the ass.)

I prefer to go to Vic at Lunch time as it is not a dinner place.  Way too small - only 8 seats at the bar and NO TABLES.

Note:  As of July '08 prices have gone up and there are no more 2 roll lunch combos - you must now get 3 rolls for $11.95 - which is still a good deal. (But I usually only need 2 rolls. Oh well.)
This is the place to go for the *best bang for the buck* sushi in Center City. Their rolls are very decent for the price... just don't expect it to be Morimoto quality. For 10 bucks, you can get 3 rolls. You can choose from the standard rolls (california rolls, spicy tuna rolls, etc.) or some specialty rolls. They also have some cheap appetizers. All in all, you can be stomach happy for less than 15 dollars. The only bad thing about this place is that it's really small, with only about half a dozen seats or so. Many people just order take out. Simply put, if you want some inexpensive, good quality sushi, stop by Vic's!
I love the food here and frequently order delivery as well as take out.  

I recently ordered for delivery and realized they had saved my credit card information into their computer system!  An even bigger shocker was when I looked at my delivery receipt, my CC number AND expiration date was fully printed out on the receipt for the whole world to see.  

I am beyond upset, this is a huge security violation.  Most people wouldn't even notice and most businesses with half a brain would know better than to do this.

Bummer because I really like their food.
Still a great place for sushi (don't miss the tuna dumplings) and sashimi.  Same friendly owners and wonderful service at a tiny bar that gets PACKED at lunchtime.

Great find!
Coming from New York City to see the last few concerts of Christoph Eschenbach (the best conductor in North America, though apparently very unpopular in Philadelphia for some idiotic reason) as principal conductor, I did my research and wanted to find an authentic Japanese restaurant to gorge myself before concerts... I guess the food was okay, but I absolutely would not call it authentic -- there was too much sauce over all the special rolls, I think the rice was lacking vinegar and also over-seasoned, but at least the fish was pretty fresh... It's BYOB, though acquiring alcohol is no easy feat in this city... The service was extremely friendly, apparently impressed by my ability to pack it away and my familiarity with the cuisine Mr. sushi chef gave me a few delicious morsels right off his knife (and this is why I'm giving them the third star)... There was a little stereo loudly playing obnoxious techno (Cher with Sushi???)... The prices were all rather agreeable, I'd even call it cheap... The place is small, cute, cozy -- there can be a wait, but there's really nowhere for you to stand while waiting except outside... I think that if the clientelle were a bit more accustomed to adventure and authenticity perhaps the food would be a little bit better, but for now everything's swimming in chipotle mayo... Anyway, I'd definitely come back here next time I'm in town.
Affordable sushi of good quality in the Rittenhouse area.  I sat at the bar and ordered some sashimi and nigiri, watched it  be made, and then ate it.  Fresh and delicious!  Given the limited seating, most of the orders are for takeout.  All in all, definitely planning to come back for my sushi needs.
When you go to Vic Sushi don't bother looking at the menu straight away. Wait for a seat in the tiny establishment, sit down. Look up at the sushi chef, look him dead in the eyes and say, "A Tuna Dumpling please". You may then proceed to browse the menu.

The Tuna Dumplings are delicious. As you will read in other reviews and I must recant here; they literally take a slab of Tuna, hammer it flat, and wrap it around a lump of guacamole, krab (imitation) and other stuff heaven. Yum.

We then proceeded to order the 39-piece platter. Delicious, fresh, and well worth the $$. Shared between 2 people, it was filling.

Definitely worth a SIT DOWN visit if you want sushi in Philly.
I say sit down because my first experience with Vic Sushi was via take out and unfortunately for take out, everything seems to be smaller, like an artist limiting themselves to the size of there canvas or recyclable black plastic container in this case.
Yes it is a cheap and the 3 roll combo for $10 is a total deal but to be frank...you get what you pay for. Given the large number of sushi places in the city, let alone in that neighborhood, they have chosen price to be the focal point of their business. By offering cheap sushi they have carved their niche in the sushi community. Unfortunately though, the sushi is just bad. 

The three times I have ordered from Vic (I have never actually been in the building) the rolls were sad with the rice falling off and the ingredients tasted like they had wilted a bit. With raw fish and veggies, that is never a good thing. In my opinion, you can go to Mizu a block away and while you will pay more you get larger rolls which are fresher and taste better. Sorry Vic, but I just don't think you have the chops.
They have number one best cheap sushi in the Philadelphia!

I like the combos for $13 or $15!  And green tea at the table!
I doubt if even Morimoto can make better sushi than Vic. I have been to many a sushi places, nothing comes close. The Sansom Roll is a must try, best thing on the menu!
i've been here twice and both times i tried the volcano roll which is SO GOOD. spicy tuna with avocado and some special sauce on top for less than $10. 

it's tiny in here. take-out is suggested. chefs are friendly. fish is fresh. 

no complaints!
Minus one star.

I called tonight so that I could stop by on my way home from work and pick up some sushi. 

They told me that it would be ready in 15 minutes. I didn't get there for 30 minutes. 

AND IT WASN"T READY. I had to wait for twenty minutes. And the staff were rude. RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE. 

But it's still 11 dollar sushi, so I'm still in.
Sadly, now that Vic is gone - the magic is, sadly, fading.
Want the old Vic's?  Try Jay's Favorite - Jay & Vic know each other and steal each others recipes.

Again, reminder:  sauce on the side if you don't want an over-glopped roll!
I'm a believer that sushi is all about personal preference - I'm a fan of tuna and white tuna - so I think the most I can say about Vic's is that it has a great sushi to price ratio. The fish is most definitely fresh and the craftsmanship of the sushi is something you would expect to be paying double for. 

One item that has been raved about in nearly every review is the tuna dumpling. It's great for the experience of eating a delicious ball of avocado and tuna, but five dollars per dumpling is a bit of a steep cost. 

I'm a fan of hole in the wall places, this isn't a fancy restaurant by a long shot, but it's a great place to sit down, eat some good sushi, and chat with a couple friends.
I've never actually dined in at Vic but it is my go to for take out sushi! The 3 roll special for $12 comes with 24 pieces and is both filling and delicious. Last time I asked for fluke and avocado instead of the salmon for the alaska roll, and they were more than happy to accommodate.

Two must try items on their menu: 1) the tuna dumplings (they can be pricey but worth trying at least once!) and 2) the sansom special roll.
This is an odd little place, a great little place, but still odd...

It's odd because it's meant for takeout.  If you manage to snag one of the 6 seats at the bar, you're still basically eating take out.  Of course the sushi is fresh (and delicious) but everything else that you order is basically already packaged to go. For instance, if you order a seaweed salad, you then have to go over to the refrigerator in the corner and get it.  Kind of strange.  But, I suppose, it saves them time and money. 

But the sushi is delicious and very affordable.  Some rolls are great deals (three rolls for $10! Are you kidding me!). 

I like this place, a lot, and hope it continues to do well. I certainly plan on going back.

Edit- It is now $11 for three rolls. Still a good deal, if you don't mind all of the cucumber they stuff into the rolls.
location location location.  the fact that i live a few mere blocks from this place makes me love it all the more.  
i'm not a huge fan of the 3 roll deal, i think their big rolls are a total treat and a must-have.  
i like the fact that it's so cosy and i can watch my sushi being made.

but um, yeah.  my spider roll tasted fishy.  this may sound like a treat, ya know, seafood tasting like the sea.  but it really wasn't.  my stomach took it ok, but my memory now tells me to never order it again.
It probably would have been 4.5 stars but I'm leaning.

I can get my favorite two rolls here for only 7 bucks.  that's frickin amazing.  Roll deals?  Vic, you are a savvy business man.

There was a big ol chunk of salmon in there too, not skimpy.  fresh, tasty, and melty. yum.  The shrimp tempura roll was really good too.  (still searching for one that will evoke tears though, it's out there. I know it)

Really friendly and nice to sit when no one is there.  otherwise it can be like a japanese subway.
The place is cheap. The sushi and sashimi are very fresh and are a good size. 1 star taken off for the size of their rolls though...I think texas is twice as big or maybe even three times which means less fish in the rolls at Vic's. That's probably why u get 3 rolls for 10 bucks!
I hemmed and hawed between giving Vic's the 4 or 5 stars because after reading previous reviews I felt there were too high expectations. However, I gave it 5 stars because for the type of restaurant that it is... Vic's is really is "As good as it gets!" 
It is a small hole in the wall sushi bar that offers fresh sushi & innovative rolls at a remarkably affordable price. Sure, if you go to Morimoto you can get great sushi too but it'll more than likely cost you an arm and a leg. I like my appendages. Thus, I go to Vics to satisfy my sushi love. 

Ambiance: When I say a sushi bar - I mean it. It seats 7 people at a wooden sushi bar. Great for a casual meetup / catchup for two. 
*Tip: If it is packed, don't assume that everyone waiting is looking to sit & eat, some people are just waiting to pick up their to-go orders.

Service: It's essentially a three person show. Vic and his side kick rolling out the sushi. And the cashier lady who I hestitantly propose is Vic's wife. They're friendly but busy. Don't be afraid to try to catch their attention if you are ready to order or want the bill. This isn't a waitered venue. You serve yourself green tea if you want it. That being said, tip the usual because those rolls are made with attention and care. 

Food: The fish is fresh and are well-portioned. In my opinion, the specialty rolls are where its at. Vic has delicious and unique rolls that I rarely see in many other sushi restaurants especially in Philly. AND they are reasonably priced at around $12 - $15 a roll. 
*Tip: Everyone has a different sushi palate so I won't make any specific recommendations but I do strongly suggest trying the Tuna Dumplings. You don't see this often/at all and it is just damn good. Just know that the filling has mayo so it's a creamy texture. (in case for some reason you are averse to the wonderful world of mayo inspirations)
**Tip: Try a specialty roll! Their three-roll special is just your usual maki type rolls. So don't expect something miraculous. Spicy tuna is not usually revolutionary and certainly not the best way to judge good sushi. Go out on a limb and get a roll that seems to fit your sushi palate. 

Drinks: BYOB and they offer some canned/bottled soft beverages in the refrigerator that you can purchase. I usually just keep it simple with the free green tea. 

Vic's is a great sushi bar that delivers not only quality & value but also creative scrumptiousness. AND they deliver... life is good. =)
Vic is a nice, fun neighborhood sushi bar. The bar only has 6 stools and if you're lucky you can get a seat, although, don't push your luck if your party is more than 2 people at a busy time of night.

The quality is just fine. Every sushi place has things that it does better than others. They do some nice work with many things here.

They save money by offering all disposable plates, cups, and utensils. If you want seaweed salad, you go to the refrigerator case at the front of the restaurant and get it yourself. It comes in a small plastic box. Drinks, they're all bottled or you can get a cup of tap water.

Using the bathroom is really funny because you have to pass through the back kitchen area, where there is often some guy sitting next to the big wooden bowl of rice. It's clean. It is just funny to be walking right through their kitchen area to use the toilet.

It's relaxed, inexpensive, and the owner/head sushi chef is always behind the counter to talk.
We ordered the Sushi online, and they were absolutely delicious! The whole process was about an hour where we were 1 mile away from the restaurant when we ordered our food.

What we ordered:
Sunomomo ($8.95)
Very fresh sashimi that were cut into small pieces! Hope the sashimi pieces could be bigger though. They put cucumber slices in the bottom of the sashimi to make the plate bigger, but there were limited amount of sashimi on the top. 

Sansom Roll ($13.95)
Pretty pricy specialty roll considering there were only eight small pieces of sushi contained in the box. Masago was definitely the highlight of the dish along with the combination of Tuna and Salmon. The sauce was right on point as well! 

Lucky Roll ($10.95)
This one was pretty average to me because the roll was basically fall apart when I got it. The taste was okay, yet not as good as Sansom roll.

Definitely will be back for the Sansom Roll when I don't fell like going out for Sushi. Considering the size/price of the sushi, I do hope they make the sushi/sashimi bigger.
Had so-so sushi from Vic tonight. Pretty cheap for the three roll combo ($11 dinner!), but the price was all this place had going for it. The sushi was likely fresh enough, but none of my rolls was particularly delicious (spicy tuna, futomaki, and shrimp tempura with a sort of smelly sauce). Especially disappointing that when I asked for water, I got some warm water in a styrofoam cup. 

Bottom line: if you're looking for a cheap sushi combo, Vic isn't bad -- just isn't really good either.
I love the Mom and Pop shop sushi bars - but with all the five star reviews for Vic I must have shown up on a day when the chef was hung over.  Ordered a three roll combo for 11 bucks that I might as well of gotten at a mall food court for 8... but then again shame on me for taking the cheap way out.  The real crimes were something very funky with the soy sauce and a general sliminess to all the fish.

That said I went with a regular who said it was the only bad experience he's ever had there - and he's in there twice a week on average - so I'll probably try it out again.
I kind of didn't want to review this place, because I want to keep it mine, mine mine. But alas, the word is getting out there, so I might as well give the Vic owner's his due.

Hands down, the best sushi restaurant in the area. I talked with the owner a bit the first time I was there, and he's a swell guy. Friendly and looking out for you (and your stomach). The fish is Fresh, with a capital F, sliced to perfection. Oh and their rolls. You just can't go wrong.

Like others have said, the seating is very very limited, but it's so worth the trip. Worst comes to worst, just get take out, or do what I do, and go a bit before the dinner rush.
3 roll special (yellowtail, spicy tuna, and philadelphia) filled me and a friend up for dinner (we're kind of light eaters) and everything was fresh and delicious.

Hot and cramped inside, but worth it for the sushi!
At first I thought I knew Philly sushi pretty well. But now that I finally entered Vic Sushi Bar and picked up some rolls I can honestly say that I knew NOTHING beforehand.

I came, I saw, I ordered some spicy tuna and eel and I had them rolled up and ready to go in less than 2 minutes. This is hands down the quickest and freshest sushi that I ever had prepared for me. and the sushi rice was definitely the stickiest too.

The only flaw I can think of is that the room is a little too compact. So it's not a place that you want to go to if you're planning to stick around with a group for awhile. But everything is so traditional (aside from the Buddha riding the dragon statue thats decorated with dollar bills I suppose) that Vic is absolutely worth the visit.
It's all been said before, so I'll just summarize:  excellent sushi, fantastic prices.  I'm very picky about my Japanese food and while Vic isn't Morimoto or Zento, it's probably the best "budget" sushi in the city.  I just wish this place were closer to my neighborhood.
Let me start by saying I'm a sushi Nazi and can smell sushi pretenders from a mile away. If you want authentic sushi, this is NOT the place. If you want Americanized rolls and other "creative" creations, come on in!

This place is small, cramped, and the I was shocked by the prices they are charging! I spent $30 on 2 rolls and the tuna dumpling and still left hungry. I've spent upward of $150 on a sushi meal. Those are mainly for the experience and the impeccable preparation by master chefs. For this place, I expected Americanized sushi that can fill me up. 

Do yourself a favor and just go to the all-you-can-eat sushi place in Center City to get similar quality with unlimited quantity. For the same price...
great place. the sushi is excellent for the price. they dont pack on the rice, which rules. the place itself is crazy small. i would never stay to eat there if i were with someone. i had some diff veggie rolls which were yummy and fresh and perfect. everything was ripe (the avocado) and crispy (picked root veggies).  also i really like that they provide trashy gossip mags to read while you wait. great place.
This place has some pretty cheap sushi, but its service is highly questionable. When I went with my family, we noticed that their cash register charges an additional cent per roll you order for the 3 for $10.95 deal. While this is a minuscule amount of money to be complaining about, when we asked for clarification about the pricing and whether Vic's was purposely deceiving their customers, one of the sushi chefs replied with an emphatic "YES" and just stared/glared at us. No apologies. No clarification. Just yes, Vic's is deceiving its customers and just hand over the money. Never coming back here again. Would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. 0.5 starts at best because of the ATROCIOUS SERVICE.
Consistently 4 star.  I thought quality was slipping there for a while - but I went here again tonight and had the (always great) tuna dumplings (thin sashimi slices of red tuna pounded flat and stuffed with an avocado/tobiko/sauce and pulled together to form a litle red pouch.  Glop (er. I mean sauce) on the side.  YUM!

I also had the (ouch) $13.95 "Crazy" roll which is similar to my "usual" the Ocean Brother roll.  Both are topped with a luscious REALL lump crab topping.  (I get my sauces on the side).  The Crazy has spicy tuna & 'cado inside, While the Ocean Brother has Shrimp Tempura inside.

I think I found me a NEW fave.  The Crazy Roll is less heavy (not fried) and I love that fresh crab topping.

I am STUFFED from eating all that myself - and (including the bottle of Fiji water - it still pisses me off that you have to BUY a water.  They won't serve you any.  Only green tea.) the tab came to $28.  

It's not cheap.  It's very small and cramped. It's still GREAT food.
I stopped in to Vic's after not coming by in a long while.
The place was SO crowded that I ate in the window.
I had the Ocean Brother Roll (sauce on the side) and it ROCKED.

I still love it here - but it's just so tiny and cramped.

I sometimes go to Jay's now.
Am I the only person to give this hole in the wall a mediocre review? 

I had just a "meh" experience here. I waited here forever with a friend to see what all the hype was about, and was disappointed. I got the spicy tuna roll, and it was waaaay too mayonnaise-y, and I could taste a fishy smell. Spicy tuna is the one roll that's supposed to be impossible to mess up, too.

Anyway, I don't think I'll be back. (1) It's not close enough for me to make any effort to get to it, and (2) I'd rather not wait for mediocrity.
The Good: Where to start?  I love this place.  It's small, to be sure.  But the staff (especially Vic) are friendly and efficient.  The sushi isn't mind blowing, but it is incredibly reasonable.  For 1.50$, I can get a bowl of miso.  For 10$, I can get three rolls.  On a value scale, it's a 10.  And, the young kid roaming around is adorable.

The Bad: Good luck finding a spot to sit.  There are six or seven chairs.  Total.

Sushi Vic is my favourite sushi bar in town, hands down.  I only wish I could go here more often.
Teensy weensy place, amazing food.

Their edemame from the fridge is a definite skip-over though. I usually go with a friend and we get the 3-roll special (Philly Roll, Cali Roll and something else) for $10. Then we usually get one or two special rolls. I wasn't too keen on their Spider Roll, but their Sansom roll is incredible! I would love to dine in sometime, but we've always gotten it take out. I also got the roll with the mango on it (I forget what it's called) and it was surprisingly very good. 

They have a good mix of traditional rolls, and creative house rolls. It is satisfying no matter what craving you have.
Love this place with all my heart!

Tiny little hole in the wall, family owned operation.  See the same people there making my sushi every time I come in! The old guy is always carving the cucumbers into really these thin long spirals, sometimes the little boy runs around and is ridiculously cute.  It is small, cozy, and intimate  and that is what I love about it.

The sushi itself is fantastic for the price, freshness, flavor,and selection! You can get three rolls (8 pcs) for $10. If that's not a deal I don't know what is.  This includes all the pretty standard rolls: spicy tuna (so good), cali, alaska, salmon, philly, shrimp tempura, tuna, veggie rolls, etc.  Their specialty rolls look incredible as well.

$3 seaweed salads that are huge, edamame, good japanese salads.
Free hot tea!
Good selection of cold bottled teas!

I really couldn't recommend this place enough.
Lauren D. and I always go here when we're cravin sushi! :)
3.5 star.

First and foremost, DON'T EXPECT TO GET A SEAT! This restaurant literally seats seven people so either expect to wait a very long time or order to-go (I saw a lot that did this).

Now that that's out of the way, let's talk about what's really important. FOOD! :) I've been looking for a place in Philly that has big fancy rolls and Vic has exactly that! Take a look at their menu because they have quite the extensive list of unique rolls that include coconut and mango. I've tried the Happy Roll and the Holiday Roll (HAPPY HOLIDAY!) Okay, lame joke. Both rolls were good and had their own unique sauces. What's interesting about their rolls also is that they don't use seaweed to wrap the roll but instead, they use soy paper. Can't say I prefer this but it doesn't really take away from the rolls either. I also got to try the Sunomono appetizer (fish medley with ponzu sauce) and I'm going to recommend NOT ordering this. Plainly stated, their ponzu sauce sucked. It lacked a lot of flavor, leaving the raw chopped up fish medley tasting pretty plain. I guess this let me at least taste what the sashimi would taste like but I also felt like that lacked flavor somehow. I'll be sticking to the rolls from now on. Note: I did end up ordering take-out so maybe that affected it. 

The staff is really nice and this is a BYOB. I wish this was a place I can go to dinner with a few friends but since it's small, I probably won't be frequenting this place.
I love this place! We eat here a lot when we're in the city.

Everything is super fresh and the service is always on point! Although it's still not authentic sushi like Sagami in NJ, this place is pretty awesome in its own right.

What i adore about Vic's:

[1]- Tuna dumplings. Really yummmmmy!! The tuna simply melt in your mouth.
[2]- Friendly sushi chefs. They've always been extremely kind and nice.
[3]- Ocean Brothers Roll- My favorite roll here. 
[4]- BYOB
[5]- $10 lunch special- pick any 3 regular rolls. That's a deal. :P

Final tip: Like sushi bars in Japan, this place has a max capacity of about 12 people. Be ready to wait if you go during dinner time. It's worth the wait though.
Car park sushi anyone? The location of this joint is questionable. It's pretty much embedded into a garage on Sansom street. Despite that, this is a good and cheap joint for sushi. The fish is reasonably fresh, and the portions are good sized.

Stay with the standards, and don't expect world class execution, but if you are in the Rittenhouse area, this is your best option. Some people eat in, but it's really very small, so a big guy like myself feels very clumsy in a ox-in-a-china-shop way.
NOM NOM NOMZ! ^^

After my 10th time going here, I finally achieved VIP status and had my picture put up on the wall... along with all the other Asian people in my immediate social network who somehow feel a sense of accomplishment when being recognized for spending the most money on raw fish and rice... We need to get out more :P

The $10.95 sushi roll special gives you 24 pieces of maki, which is a STEAL in today's society of financial distress, unemployment, and overall unhappiness ... sad face! Huzzah Obama for extended tax breaks!

If I MAY be so bold, the specialty rolls are basically a form of "PIMP my sushi"... they take the traditional rolls and add a plethora of other ingredients, garnishes and sauces, which make for great presentation and delicious eating.. again, NOMZ ^^

I was so won over by the amazingness of the food that I even ventured out to get the $20 princess roll, which made me feel like a baller... for about 5-6 seconds.... after emptying my wallet and filling my stomach, I was very proud about my newly formed food baby. 

The seating is incredibly limited, so go there early, otherwise you'll be twiddling your thumbs for half an hr and looking awkwardly at the people around you.. 

FREE GREEN TEA FTW ^^
The hours for Vic have changed- open until 9pm Mon-Wed, 10pm Thu-Sat. and still closed on Sundays.

The nigiri sport the perfect smear of wasabi between the fish and the rice. The tuna dumpling appetizer is a pair of delicious slightly larger than a golf ball sized tuna purses enveloping a mix of avocado, spicy sauce and crab stick. The nigiri combo is $16 for 12 pieces +miso. The naruto roll consists of tuna, salmon, and spicy sauce wrapped in cucumber instead of seaweed- Vic cuts a sheet of cucumber by spiraling in from the outside. Although there isn't a lot of variety or adventure in the varieties of fish available, the ridiculous bargain prices, consistently fresh fish and Vic and his wife being awesome people make it a perfect neighborhood joint for frequent casual sushi.  Love it.

If you request delivery at prime night time, please be patient. Vic is the only one making sushi and there's only one delivery guy. Actually, as of October there is a second guy helping with sushi and the bar has 7 chairs- the last one feels like you're out in no-man's land as you're sitting in front of the cash register rather than the sushi bar, but at least you get to sit and watch the magic. The menu has also grown to include a new page of special rolls- some wrapped in soy paper.
Thought I would give Vic a try for lunch. I felt as though the quality had gone downhill, and today confirmed my instinct. Half way through my order, I found a green bug embedded in my rolls. Who knows how many critters I just ate. I learned my lesson.
It seems that every time i've tried to visit this place, its been a sunday and they are closed! Finally we found ourselves with a sushi craving in the vacinity of 21st and Samson on a Friday and headed straight here.  As has been previously mentioned, the place is quite small, with the number of seats in the waiting area outnumbering the amount of seats at the sushi bar.  (not necessary a bad thing if the bulk of their business is take-out)  It was early friday evening and not particularly busy so we got a seat immediately.  Despite the minimal decor, the overall atmosphere is comfortable, intimate, and inviting.  I enjoyed being able to watch the sushi chefs do their thing as all the fish was right there in front of us.  The entire 3 person staff was very friendly and attentive- the sushi chefs taking the time to ask us how we liked our food.  

On to the food- It was great!  We started off with a generous portion of miso soup and a plate consisting of two of the special rolls- the volcano roll (with spicy tuna and avocado), the lover roll (with eel, salmon, spicy tuna and avocado), and an order of tuna and salmon sashimi.  The presentation was original and both rolls were excellent- fresh fish & avocado, tasty sauces, and the rolls were just the right size.  The tuna sashimi was melt-in-your-mouth and the salmon sashimi was some of the best I've had in a while! 

The price was decent- total $20 per person for dinner.  I'm curious to go back and try their three rolls for $10 special for lunch one of these days.  Regardless, I'm sure I'll be back!

This is how a family sushi business should be run!
Sushi is one of those foods that generally sticks to the you-get-what-you-pay-for rule. Vic's has perfectly good, cheap, utilitarian sushi. You can easily get your fill for $11. I recommend the Alaska Roll. Mmmm... fatty. It is BYOB, which I wish I knew before hand. 

I'll definitely be back (at an off-peak time) to try some of the specialty rolls.

The space is very small, so it isn't that good for a group.
Ok, I am going to snobbily give this place a 3-stars. 

I know this has been mentioned - but the smallness of the place needs to be re-emphasized!!!  I understand when someone mentions a restaurant is not great for parties, or if it's an "intimate/comfy" setting, but a grand total of 7 seats is prettttttttttttttttty small.  When the number of waiting seats outranks the number of eating seats, that's never a good thing!

That being said, I stupidly decided to wait even though there were others waiting before me.  During this half-hour, I witnessed several people drop by and pick up take-out (ding ding ding!!)  I too decided to order take-out after finishing most of my BYOB wine, and actually got my food fairly fast!

Word to the wise - the food is pretty interesting as far as sushi goes - but it's not worth the long wait.  Order to-go or move along.  

Their sushi rolls are predominantly wrapped in soy paper as opposed to seaweed, so if that's not your thing, that's good to keep in mind as well.  The good thing about that is the colorful colors that get added to truly create some pretty pieces of food.

One more thing: the sonomono was no good!  Blech.  It's sashimi in ponzu sauce - but both their ponzu and their sashimi tasted like water (might be cuz it was take out?).  I ended up dipping in soy sauce for taste and pan-frying the rest (haaha shhh).
Vics is not the place to go to dinner but it certainly is the place to grab take out from.  

If  you are looking for a night in with some good food than Vics is the place to go.  We were very impressed with their pricing--sashimi has 3 generous pieces of fish for $4.50-- other competitors try to pass off one piece for $6.  Likewise, they have a special 3 standard rolls for $9.95.  Don't worry, if you lean towards specialty, rolls you won't break the bank---these puppies are only $8.95.  And the shrimp tempura, mango coconut roll is well worth it!

They don't have a website but they do have a myspace account 
http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=283075868
and their menu is posted under Pics. 

Check it out!
Quality sushi that doesn't break the bank! I've dined in and gotten takeout - it's a tiny place with the majority of the seating surrounding the sushi making station, but it's cosy, and you can also go for the latter option if they fill up.

On this occasion I went to get takeout around dinner time; the place was pretty packed and I kicked myself for not remembering to call ahead, but I was pleasantly surprised when my food came out super efficiently within 5-10 minutes. 

Would recommend getting:
Tuna dumplings - I have never had anything like this at other sushi places or in Japan, but I am glad Vic Sushi made this a thing. It's SO DARNED GOOD - it has a fatty piece of tuna wrapped around an avocado filling with some sort of magical mayo sauce drizzled all over. It's pure heaven.

Sushi roll combo - they have a special with three rolls for $10.95, which is an amazing deal...the takeout box I got was packed full. I got the spicy salmon, tuna, and Alaska, and they were all fresh and flavorful. It's a pretty simple roll, but the ingredients taste fresh and there aren't unnecessary garnishes that overwhelm the sushi rolls.
Vic sushi is probably one of the best sushi spots in Center City.  The fish is always fresh, the price is decent (3 rolls for $12), and the service is usually really quick. It can get kinda crazy during busy hours, and seating is limited - about 10 seats, but you will enjoy your experience.  

BYOB also, which is an added plus.  Cash or Credit accepted.
After hearing so many good things about Vic, I finally made a visit for on a Saturday. The place is not really spacious, probably can seat 10 or so at the same time. We were lucky to grab a seat for two. Their sushi menu is longer than most, with great deals such as 3 roll for $11.75. We ended up getting those combos plus a seaweed salad (which is really cheap at $3 --- a lot of the places would have it for $5-ish).

The rolls in the 3 roll deal are those smaller/skinner rolls, and they were nicely presented together in a big plate. Taste wise, I didn't find anything too amusing or special about my rolls, but my friend who has a more sensitive tastebud than I do says the rolls taste very fresh that the ingredients must be of good quality.

Service wise, we got our food pretty quickly and have nothing to complain.
One of my absolute favorite affordable sushi joints. I came here recently with my partner and we sat down in the very small space! Think mom and pop shop. You can fit maybe five or so patrons indoors at the counter but most people do takeout.


On this night it was busy but still a cozy atmosphere. The staff chat with you and even joked about us finishing our food when they saw how much we ordered. We got an assortment of the very bang for your buck three roll special! Salmon, white tuna, shrimp tempura and eel, along with salmon nigiri, a lucky roll, and a spider roll. Even just the three roll special can be filling if you weren't starving and walking around the city like we had! There's fresh tea for you to drink and grab yourself for the meal, as well.

Overall the flavors were good and tasted fresh, and I'll be back again soon to eat more!
Now that I eat raw fish.. my perspective has changed on how I feel about Vic's! After ordering from a small sushi chain on Grubhub for my sushi craving yesterday, I still didn't feel satisfied so I made my way to Vic's the very next day.

My go-to's: Sansom Roll and Happy Roll. Honestly they taste pretty similar, I like my shrimp tempura, eel and avocado but the Sansom roll has tuna and shrimp atop drizzled with their nice sauce. Sometimes if I reallllllyyy want more sashimi I take the raw pieces off and eat them separate from the roll. 

Sashimi sampler: $9 for 6 pieces. Happy Roll: $12.95. Sansom Roll: $13.95. Also, I'll have you know that someone who worked for Double Knot recommended the Sansom Roll to me. That's how you KNOW it's good~
Sweet! Sushi for people who like food!

Sushi has never been a favorite of mine. It's probably because this one time when I was a kid, a fish sexually assaulted me, and then told me not to tell anyone or he would come back. Oh. Shit.

That's neither here nor there. The portions at Vic are generous, and everything is fresh. For the size you're getting, prices are very reasonable. And, because of the nature of sushi, you're getting a relatively well-balanced meal that will make you feel okay about giving your liver a once over right after. Or, at least it makes ME feel okay about that. 

Their 3 roll special will cover you if you're hungry and don't want anything too fancy. Definitely try the Sansom roll, the spider roll, and the rainbow roll.

Pro-tip: Get takeout. The place is tiny, so you probably won't get a table.
Get in and get out- this place is not meant for lingering chatty Cathy's like my friend Elaine M. and I.  We saw several spots at the sushi bar turn over during the time we were there.  That's because there is NO other seating besides the sushi bar (which seats about 12) and the ONE table near the door which is probably not normally used for patrons. Oh well. Wine, my favorite lady friend, and sushi? I'm here to stay. 

For starters, the service was a bit.... 'odd'.  No server, aside from the person cleaning tables once patrons left and the sushi chefs behind the counter.  Once we snagged a corner spot in one of the 12 chairs offered, we were handed two glasses over the sushi bar and pointed toward the direction of the community bottle opener hanging out on the sushi bar and the menus positioned upright in a stack along the side.  Read: channel your inner bartender and pop that bottle because you're on your own for that one. 

Once we browsed the menu (lots of options) we decided on the raved about tuna dumplings which were life changing. Tuna wrapped around an avocado mixture. To.Die.For.

For rolls, we got iRoll, White Dragon, Birthday Roll and the Princess Roll- because we eat a lot.  

Our favorites were the iRoll and the Birthday roll:

The iRoll was certainly the champion of the night - spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, pineapple, avocado and some baller coconut jam wrapped in soy paper.  It was so  fresh and had a lot of different flavors. 

The Birthday roll - another heavyweight runner up was white tuna, salmon, avocado, cucumber, and pickled radish. AHH amazing.

Can't wait for my sushi comrade, Elaine M. to join me at Vic again!
The place is small and the seating is limited.  The staff is friendly and very personable. They are eager to help with any questions and even might share a funny story with you during the course of your dinner.  Vic and his wife really take good care of you and make you feel at home. The sashimi is very fresh and tender almost buttery and the rolls can be unique in innovation and impressive in taste. I would recommend trying the "Samson Roll", you will not be disappointed.  Also the "Romantic Roll" and the "Tiger Roll" are some of my other personal favorites. The establishment is a BYOB so feel free to bring your beverage of your choice with you. The space is limited but fortunately for me the times, I have never had to wait for a seat.
Delicious specialty rolls and 3 roll special for $10.95 can't be beat! Actually, when it comes down to it, this seems to be the most consistent quality sushi place in Phila. The seating limit of ~10 people makes this place charming but also a little tight, but the sushi is really top of the line. They are fast, and always have incredible specials. We love the tuna dumplings stuffed with avacado as well.
Sushi has new meaning for me.  I split the 39 piece platter with a friend.  It didn't melt in my mouth so much as evaporate into a dewy cloud of velvety umami. So, so good.  First time I ever had sushi with brown rice-it added a new dimension.  

The liquor store at 1913 Chestnut St makes BYO convenient.  After we ordered our food, we decided that we wanted wine.  My friend had just enough time to get to the liquor store and bring us a tasty Chilean Sauvignon blanc, arriving just as our food was being served-perfect timing and speedy delivery on both ends.  

The service was cheerful and efficient because there was nowhere for our server to go.  Be cautioned, the place is tiny- 8 seats- and not good for groups.  

I am especially pleased that Vic is 2 blocks from work and that they serve lunch.  I suspect I will become a regular.
Vic Sushi was my first ever yelp find. I really wanted sushi, and didn't know where to go on a cheap budget in philly, and was willing to drive wherever (because i drive a prius, and live in queen village and work near no. libs). I was on my way to shinju sushi in washington square, and I was so hungry, and they were closed that day for renovations i swear i could've killed. But luckily I had printed out the Vic menu as well, so I decided to just call over there and order my takeout with my friend Tom.
I will preface my order by letting you know I never eat the raw fish (it's only a texture thing, has nothing to do with my morals, don't worry, they're loose), but I thought with the 3 roll combo (which is the most amazing deal ever at $10.95), I'll add a Philadelphia roll to my order of 2 california rolls. I also got edamame and miso soup (both @ $1.50 a piece) and a garden salad. I was more than pleased by my 3 roll combo. The edamame was fair (but for $1.50, beggars can't be choosers), the soup was fine as well, the salad was not my favorite. But you don't go there for salad, I get it, I just eat a lot of vegetables. 
I have already been back for the 3 roll combo, and plan at least once a week until forever. 
It is small inside, and I'm dying to try one of the crazier rolls, but all of this is for another day....
I highly recommend Vic, and the two people I have taken with me on a Vic journey have enjoyed themselves as well.

One note: After Tom ate his Salmon Combo he had gas so bad I left my apartment. Don't know if it's the salmon, or if it's Tom.
In a cozy little sushi restaurant, you get very good sushi, but also pay a little extra for the quality.

Seating is limited but we got a seat pretty much right away. It seemed like take out is a pretty popular option, as customers was constantly coming in and out while we ate. 

As for the food. Seaweed salad and miso soup is always a good way to start, and that's what we did, both good.

The tuna dumpling was very good, though I did not fully understand from the description that I was getting ball of tuna around some avocado. Not what I expected, but we still enjoyed it, and if it sounds like your type of dish, you should definitely get it. 

As for the rest, we got a variety of specialty rolls, all good, but as the menu suggests, all a little pricier. The princess roll, Vic roll, and sansom roll all were solid and worth getting.

Vic is worth the trip for quality sushi, if you're willing to pay a little more for it.
Vic's is great if you stick to the 3 roll special.

The 3 roll special pricing is unbeatable here in Center City - you get 3 rolls for roughly $13. Unfortunately, it's not very filling. I've also tried their tiger roll, spicy combo, and the Samson roll, all of which are highly rated. My reaction to them all is, 'meh'. For that pricing, I don't think the flavors are strong enough. In fact, I don't think sriracha mayo and eel sauce are enough to bring the flavors together. I was quite disappointed by the mediocrity of the taste of the speciality rolls.

I would come back, but maybe I'll just stick to the 3 roll special.
Every time that we've ordered from Vic Sushi Bar, I've always ended up standing around by the door, trying to respect the space of all the other customers who were waiting for a table. Vic's is THE smallest sushi bar I've ever been to, it's ALWAYS packed whether it be early evening or late night, and the sushi continues to hit the spot everytime! Seriously, Vic's is one of the better sushi bars in Philly.

Their rolls have very little rice, with big cuts of fresh fish - which I absolutely love! We like to order the specialty rolls (go big or go home), and I think we've had almost every one (without crabstick) on the menu. My fave is the Naruto Roll - the cucumber is so refreshing! Other good rolls: I-Roll, Ocean Brother Roll, Lover Roll, Romantic Roll, Spider Roll and Shrimp Tempura Mango Coconut Roll. 

The service is decent - there are 2-3 sushi chefs, and the cashier is really nice. Even though we usually have to wait an extra 20+ mins for our sushi, the cashier recognizes that and usually apologizes to me for the extra wait.  

Thank goodness for Lent, because when the bf can't eat meat on Fridays, we get to have sushi from Vic's!
Living around the block from Vic's is downright dangerous.  Their $10.95 3 roll combo (11.86 with tax!) is a sensational deal -- I am partial to the spicy tuna roll and the alaska roll.  The fish is always fresh, the rice perfectly cooked, the vegetables crispy and delicious. As far as sushi in the city goes, it is hard to beat this deal.  Great take out, and a fun place to go on a date or with a friend -- just know that you might have to wait a bit for a seat at their tiny sushi bar.
I was walking back from Trader Joes after having a not so great day (including falling off a desk I was standing on while trying to put things in a high cabinet), and I decided that I was not a true sushi-loving Philadelphian since I hadn't been to Vic's. 

[woah long sentence - deep breath]

So, I thought I'd stop in a get a 3 roll special for $10.95. I got a spicy tuna, whitetail-scallion, and and alaska roll. I especially liked that they gave me soy sauce in a little ramekin with a lid instead of in packets like a lot of places. How do you dip sushi into a packet for goodness's sake? 

Anyway, the sushi pieces were a little small, but the pieces of fish - like many others say - are pretty large and the ratio to rice is great.. 

Oh, and my take out order  - I ordered when I got there - and I swear it was ready 5 minutes later. Crazy fast. And it was crowded in there! 

Overall, it was NOT the best sushi I've had, and I was not blown away, but it was tasty. I will definitely go back to eat in and be blown away (hopefully).
I love this tiny yet delicious sushi bar with the amazing tuna dumplings app (must try!) and the 3 rolls for $10.95 combo special.  It's almost impossible to beat.  Okay, I will admit that the special rolls are definitely pricier but they are worth the cost.  Between my own orders over the years and my incessant "mooching" off of everyone else's plates, I've tried a pretty wide range of the menu and have yet to be even mildly disappointed.  

The quality of the rolls is almost Bluefin-level and the variety is amazing.  I love the birthday roll, which is filled with plenty of albacore, salmon, tuna, oshinko (love that crunch!), avocado, and cucumber, wrapped in soy paper, and topped with masago; it's a delcious combination and soy paper is a perfect foil for the crunchy oshinko.  The ocean brother roll is another fav with shrimp tempura, avocado, wasabi, and actual lump crabmeat, not "krab."  In terms of regular rolls, I would definitely try a white tuna/eel/spicy salmon trio.  It's fail-proof.  And don't leave without getting the tuna dumpling!  It's a "purse" made out of thinly sliced, fresh tuna wrapped around a filling of avocado and roe, and served on top of a checkerboard of sauce, and is a staple here.  Kinda like how the tuna sundae is a staple at Bluefin.  It even looks absolutely darling, like two little red lanterns.  The actual sushi here is fresh and tasty but the rolls are definitely their forte.  The fish, while good, didn't really stand out from that at the other surrounding sushi restaurants.

The party platters here are also pretty good and a medium will easily feed a family of 3-4 for under $60, which is fantastic considering the fact that they give you a good selection of sushi (salmon, eel, albacore, tuna, yellowtail) along with spicy tuna, salmon, red dragon, alaska, and california rolls.  Most other places usually just give you california rolls in the platters.  It was less than $60 for that and an order of the dumplings.  Plus, everything was ready when we went to pick up our food.  No wait time = happy dad (and me...and the rest of the family). 

The restaurant (not exactly a sit-down place) is tiny and seating simultaneously sparse and cramped, but bolsters a fun, relaxed atmosphere if you only have a small party (3 or less people).  Grab a seat at the bar, if there is room, and have fun chatting with the chefs while nomming on your rolls.
Consisently high quality fish and friendly service for take out lunches.
The 3 roll combo is a filling meal and a good value.

Tuna Dumplings are delicious.

MUCH better than Jay's favorite.
I now work near by, so it's not out of my way to go to Vic.

It was okay. That's really it. 
I got the 3 roll special (spicy tuna, spicy salmon, yellowtail) and the rolls were really small and not very spicy at all.
Meh.
4 stars for value (3 - 8 piece maki rolls for $10.95), probably 3.5 stars for quality. Not legit sushi, but good enough for a quick fix.

There really are only 6 seats at the bar, so we got take out and dined al fresco at Rittenhouse Square. Got to take advantage of these warm summer nights!
YUM! Just finished take out from Vic Sushi. I've had the opportunity to dine in and take out and I recommend skipping dining in if you have the opportunity. The space is really tight with seating for 10 at most and you can't really see them making the sushi the way it's setup. Seating is first come, first serve, with a relatively quick turnaround of guests. The space is clean and they are pretty friendly with how busy they can get between take out and dining in (some times a little overwhelming to witness). The take out option is just as good quality and you can eat your (soon to be) favorite sushi roll in the comfort of your own home, free of judgment when you end up covered in sauce because you can't handle chopsticks (this may or may not have just happened to me). 

If you are here for the first time you HAVE to get the tuna dumplings. Promise me. I tell everyone I can about them. I make people go to dinner here with me just for them. I some times dream about them (OK, an exaggeration but you get the point). They are on the pricey side, but if you're eating with someone, it's worth splitting the cost (2 about the size of my palm to an order for $10). They make the dumpling "skin" (is there an actual term for this that I am unaware of?) out of sushi grade tuna and fill it with the most delicious of avocado salads. Then they drizzle it with Sriracha mayo and eel sauce (salty and tangy) to top it all off.  

My favorite roll is the Sansom roll. It's a seemingly standard tempura shrimp roll on the inside, but on the outside it's topped with salmon, tuna, masago, scallions, and avocado and then drizzled with Sriracha mayo and eel sauce (I see you're picking up on a theme here). I've also tried the Holiday roll, which is a nice alternative if you don't like the typical seaweed roll. But I usually order the same roll every time I go here - it's that good.

If you're craving sushi, I suggest this place! It's my favorite sushi place in Philly and any time anyone asks for a sushi recommendation I tell them to go here!
Disappointed by my last visit to Vic Sushi, which was definitely not as good.

The maki rolls were not well-formed. Special rolls were smaller. There was very little eel in the Yellow Dragon roll. The Black Dragon had a bit more eel, but the roll was malformed, perhaps because it wasn't filled properly (almost like it had been rolled with too much empty space inside, and then collapsed).

Service was not good. It was difficult to get the attention of the staff the whole time we were there.  

There were also problems with payment. First, it was difficult to get her to give me the itemized receipt. When I finally got it, there was a mistake on it -- they had overcharged. I can't say whether it was a genuine mistake, but when you overcharge customers and make it difficult for them to see the discrepancy, that's definitely a service problem (at least).
Jared J and I had some time to kill before going to a comedy show and decided to have a platter. When we got there, the place was packed (all seven seats), but magically some space opened up and we got a couple of things.

He got the three roll special ($11) and ordered three rolls of his choice. I got the tuna and salmon combo ($18), which came with miso soup, nigiri, and a roll each of salmon and tuna. About four minutes later, Jared and I were chewing down on some fresh sushi.

They know what they're doing here--the entire operation is very spartan and old-school, but the rolls are great and it's an intimate space. Perfect location for a lightning speed stop if you are hungry and have some time to kill.
$10.95 3 rolls special never disappoints! And get the sweet potato roll! It uses Japanese sweet potato and is so yummy!
I go to vic for the $10 3 roll special, and the tuna dumplings, two things that you will probably hear about from almost anyone who has ever eaten here. The thing is, the $10 deal is unbeatable. No, this isn't a lunch-time-only special, or even eat in only, but all day, every day, delivery, take out, or eat in. For sushi that is respectable and satisfying, you really can't beat that in this city.

Good news: they deliver. This is good news because they have all of 12 seats (estimate?) in the entire place. At lunch or dinner time you will wait, unless you get very lucky. If you are still set on eating in, it usually isn't a long wait because these chefs crank out the sushi. I mean, you are sitting down for all of 5 minutes and they already made your order. And there are probably like five people waiting for your seat.

It is a VERY casual atmosphere, one which includes Styrofoam cups and microwaved edamame, but this doesn't bother me. The quality is where it should be: in the fish. I have certainly had better sushi, but this place wins based on their deals and convenience.
Vic's is my favorite sushi place and it just happens to be right around the corner from my apartment. It's a small shop, just a few chairs for dining, and a wide window sill to sit on while you're waiting for your to-go order. The owner and his wife are friendly and they make amazing, inexpensive sushi. 

One night awhile back, I was hanging out with some friends, when we experienced a need for sushi. We spent $75 on take-out sushi. There were five of us, and we were all stuffed by the time we were done eating, and there were still a few pieces leftover (a fact that made my heart sad, but I just couldn't eat anymore). That is an amazingly good price per person for the level of sushi gorging in which we engaged.

The rolls artful and tasty. The pieces are generously sized and flavorful. The service is terrific and the atmosphere is comfortable. They are on Sansom Street, between 20th and 21st, on the north side of the street. Check 'em out.
Dear Tuna Dumplings,

Where have you been all my life?  I am truly glad your pounded tuna goodness married a creamy concoction of avocado joined by crab meat and crunchy masago.  Or so I think that is what you are.  I'm glad we're friends.

I would also like to give props to your friends: Tiger Roll, Volcano Roll, and Sanshi Roll. DE-lightful.

As I understand it, there has been a change of management but I have witnessed the continuity in the artful arrangement of rolled bliss.

But, do you think you can find a wall you can tear down so that more of us can simultaneously enjoy your splendor?

Sincerely, truly yours,
m
Now that I am officially a regular I feel like I have some yelp cred to explain how great this place is. I live down the street and having this little gem of a place close by has caused me to not cook for a whole week! 

This is some of the freshest sushi I have had in the city. I like that it's owners run it and are there daily- except Sunday when it is closed. 

First off 3 roll special- 10.95 for 3 really well portioned rolls. Then there are the tuna dumplings - sleeves of tuna rolled around spicy tuna and tokibo. Two per order and definitely my favorite app here. For the salads their Kani Salad is like most, but it is still has a little kick to it and all the right flavor. When I am in the mood for a special roll the Sansom Roll is clutch. 

It is TINY in here so it is really for date night, bringing one friend or takeout! They only have one table that will accommodate 4 people and it is right by the door. Space is my only issue with this place. 


*Vic I wish there was more of you! So I could bring more friends*
I'll always love the all-you-can-eat sushi offered at Aki, because, I mean, who wouldn't?  But sometimes you're just looking for a quick, filling lunch without the daunting task of attempting to eat your money's worth.  This is when Vic steps up to the plate (pun intended).

For just $11, I got the 3-roll special (8 pieces per roll) and could pick any roll of my choosing.  That's some bang for your buck if I've ever heard of it.

Plus, it was fresh and delicious (then again, I've never had bad sushi so I never quite understand why some places are way more expensive).

It is very small inside.  I'd say the sushi bar itself can fit about 8 people comfortably and I can't even remember how many tables there were, but definitely not many.  I came with 3 other people for lunch around 1 and we were luckily able to grab seats at the bar but I can imagine that during peak dinner hours it would be near impossible to get a seat, so I'd suggest calling ahead your order.
This place is adorable. 

Very small, but great decor and atmosphere.

It only seats about 15 (that may be a generous estimate), but it's fun to sit at the counter and see your meal made.

BYOB.

Great rolls and lots of fun fancy rolls to choose from.

Food comes out fast.

Decent prices.

LOVE IT.
I AM IN LOVE!!! Every single part of my experience here was wonderful, from the ambiance to the food to the entire establishment. 

Firstly, Vic's is a hole-in-the wall sushi joint with only 8-10 seats. I came here around 2 PM with a friend and brought a bottle of wine. We sat down, hassle-free,  at the (only) table, picked up a menu from the bar, and started searching for what sounded good. Meanwhile, we were sipping our wine and water, slowly working at the entire bottle. 

We ended up picking 3 specialty rolls and an order of tuna dumplings. The tuna dumplings came out quickly, and it was my first time having them but I'd heard so many great things--my expectations were not disappointed. Yes, it's very pricey ($5 per dumpling!), but the delicious combination of tempura flakes, avocado, and tuna wrapping is completely worth it.

Our sushi order came out quickly, set in beautiful formation. I especially liked the spicy combo roll, as it had the most ratio of fish in the roll. The other two (Sansom Roll and Lucky Roll) were also delicious, but I think I was craving pure fish rather than avocado after those tuna dumplings!

Overall, a perfect experience. Bring a date or a friend (just one!), a bottle of wine, and prepared to be transported to Japan.
Heard soOOoo much about this place - how rolls are so much better than other sushi places in Center City at reasonable prices. 

I finally tried the place today. It was good. I definitely wouldn't think they are the best,though.  
Protein Roll - spicy tuna/white tuna/crab stick/avocado and apple.
It was very mushy - its texture would REALLY scare non-sushi people away from sushi/rolls. Fresh, crisp texture of apple saved the roll, however. It was pretty flavorful.
Shrimp Tempura Mango Coconut Roll - shrimp tempura/coconut jam with mango on top.   Interesting. I actually liked this very much. This - I would recommend people to try. 
They had 3-Roll specials so we had salmon, spicy tuna and eel rolls.

Overall, very satisfied dinner. I think I would do the delivery (again) but not sit-in or get a take-out since it's too much hassle to deal with such a tiny place.
here here. clearly we have good shushi reviewers on this site. Vic's is amazing. Not only do you get to eat very inexpensive, very good sushi, you also get to watch Vic and his softspoken assistant make it. A good deal all around. The seating is limited (6 chairs) but that makes the experience all the more fun. Free tea, good food, and entertainment to boot. I vote yes!
I've only had takeout twice (the place looks really small, I don't remember if I saw any eating area) and I've had no complaints. The sushi is tasty and affordable. Their location was really close to me so that was another plus. The service was friendly. Highly recommended.
After a long day of shopping yesterday I was jonesing for some sushi. I'd heard about his place and was intrigued by the quantity sushi you could get. I have a huge appetite and ofter times I need at least two rolls and a side to be satisfied so when I heard about their 3 roll special I was pretty excited. 

I ordered the spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, and the philly roll. They were all good (not great) however they seemed to be thrown together and somewhat sloppy. They would fall apart when you separated them from each other. I ordered a side of edamame that was uncooked and unsalted which was a little disappointing also. 

All in all it was decent sushi at a great price good for a lazy day.
Love this place.... Surprisingly I have never heard of it before.  I got a tip from a local bartender in the area..The place is sort of small and "cozy" but that is its charm.  Makes you feel like you just pulled up a sit at your friends kitchen counter.  The people are really nice and knowledgeable.  Great for business travelers.. 

Tip: Get one of their exotic rolls and if you are looking for water/tea you need to grab it from the fridge in front.
My bf and I had just moved into our new apartment and had yet to cook a meal there due to the chaos of unpacking, but we had finally reached a stage of equilibrium when we experienced a gas leak in our kitchen. Since cooking was out of the question, I ordered us sushi from Vic Sushi Bar as we waited for the maintenance guy to arrive (we were far too hungry to wait to cook later).

SUCH A GOOD IDEA. In addition to the typical miso soup and edamame, we ordered solely from their special roll section:

Yellow Dragon: Eel, avocado and cucumber roll topped with mango - delish! Everything was extremely fresh, especially the mango, it added a nice refreshing sweetness. And thankfully they didn't go overboard with the eel sauce.

Lover Roll: Spicy tuna, avocado and cucumber roll topped with salmon, eel and avocado - MmmmMmmm, a perfect combination of flavors, although this was probably the biggest of all the rolls we ordered (and they were all HUGE pieces, I couldn't put the entire thing in my mouth!)

Summer Roll: Avocado, cucumber, asparagus and oshinko roll topped with mango - very refreshing roll, a nice change from the others we ordered, and a truly delicious vegetarian roll (I usually NEVER order the vegetable rolls because they're rather boring, and anyway if I'm getting sushi I want fish!)

Holiday Roll: Scallop, masago, avocado, cucumber and mango wrapped in soy paper with spicy mayo - MY FAVORITE. Oh dear lord, it was melt-in-your-mouth tastiness that I couldn't get enough of. And perfectly spicy, just the way I like it!

I will DEFINITELY be getting sushi again from Vic's - its too bad the place itself is so small, and therefore fills up quickly, but thank goodness they deliver! They filled our order very quickly, within 15-20 minutes we had our food at our door. Awesome.
A nice little sushi spot in Center City, with very reasonable prices and tasty rolls. Vic's is the place. My cousin and I decided to go there for a light little snack after being recommended by a friend. 

Vic's is a small, yet tidy place with seating around the bar. The joint was decked out in a bright orange coat that gave the spot some life. 

We ordered the three roll special for a whopping $11. When it was brought out to us, I immediately noticed the correct amount of rice on my sushi. It was lightly dusted with rice, making the process of eating it all not a bloated mess. The sushi was fresh and tasty, with just the right amount in each bite. Our Philadelphia Roll had some fresh salmon in it, props to Vic's for delivering goodness.

Simple spot for quality sushi. I will likely return to try the specialty rolls and update this review. I can only see the rating get higher.
I ate sushi for my first time (other than the random veggie rolls I would pretend were sushi prior to my 'real' first time) on New Year's Eve.  In my "go-big-or-go-home" ways, I went to an all you can eat Sushi restaurant in DC.  I was not thrilled, as I think I went too big for a first experience.  
With this said, I then came back home and decided to give it another shot.  I went to Vic's and since that night, which was about two weeks ago, I've been there three times.  I'll remind you that I had never had sushi before Jan.31, 2007.  
Vic is awesome.  I don't even order the california roll anymore...  I've moved on to bigger and badder and totally raw fish rolls.  Sometimes I'll even eat sashimi.  I love going to Vic because the owners are super friendly, the food is incredibly fresh, and their seaweed salad is fantastic.  They have great prices if you want regular rolls...  the prices are a bit more steep if you want something fancier.  
So. Good.
I went to this place for SUSHI, not for rolls. Having lived in Japan, where crazy rolls are virtually non-existent, I have pretty high standards for sushi and sashimi.

First things first: sashimi sampler, chef's choice. The sushi chef handed us a platter with tuna, yellowtail, and salmon. Quality was very good...the salmon (my favorite) melted in my mouth.

Seaweed salad was decent as well; tastes pretty much the same everywhere I go.

We decided we had to try a roll, and for some reason I wanted to start off with a Philly roll. Perfect balance of cream cheese and salmon. Bonus: no avocado!

Salmon, yellowtail, and crab nigiri topped off our meal. I loved how the rice was still warm under the fish. My only complaint was that the nigiri was a tad too big: each piece is meant to be eaten in one mouthful without practically choking.

Although I'm bummed we didn't get to try the rolls here, we're not TOO sad because we'll definitely be back. Next time I won't eat so fast and get full quickly!

Oh yeah, the place is small, but we were the first ones there at 5:30pm on a Friday.
