Victoria's Kitchen is a fairly new take out restaurant on West Oak Lane's ever growing Ogontz Ave. I'd been wanting to try this place out since it opened and when opportunity presented itself to do so today, gave it a try. I ordered the Fried Fish Platter which came with 2 sides, I went with the Smashed Potato Salad and Collard Greens.  Also picked up a second platter for someone else and they had the Fried Chicken with Mac & Cheese and Collards. 

Everything in my platter was very good, the fish was seasoned nicely, not too much not too little. Potato salad and Collards are both something I've only come to like in adulthood go figure so needless to say for me to like either, it has to be done a certain way and Victoria did them both well. 

I tasted a little of the Mac and Cheese and it was pretty good, not the best I'd ever had but I'd order it for myself. 

Finished my platter up with a slice of 7-up cake. MMMMM so moist and all around good. I remember my mom use to make this cake so that brought back memories.

I want to try a few other things before going for a full 5:) Other things offered are Crab Cakes, Fish or Chicken Fried Rice, Turkey Burgers among other things. 

They also deliver which I'm not so sure I needed to know, having soul food I like at my fingertips! Nevertheless rather I walk in or have it delivered I'll go again. 

Oh and customer service was very good, both the young lady who took my order and Victoria the chef, very personable.
Food was a joke, I ordered the Salmon Platter with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans. 

Mashed potatoes looked like apple sauce (how is that even possible right?)

Green Beans were literally swimming in grease (why not drain it??)

Salmon was soggy and also......swimming in grease. 

Food was cold, customer service was cold. Honestly if I could give this negative 5 stars I promise you I would.
A child on Christmas can't imagine my excitement when I discovered a new soul food restaurant that delivered to my house!  I think I may have done a little fat girl dance.  Anyhow, that was the bubble.  Now for the bust.  

Are you kidding me?

The delivery guy took forever, to the extent that when I called to find out where the **** my food was even the person on the phone was puzzled.  But the real disappointment was the food--or rather the crime against my precious taste buds.  

May I have your attention please!  Unless someone once said to you, "Wow, your cooking is amazing.  You should open a restaurant."  Please do the world a favor and just do something else.   We had the fish, chicken, greens, yams, mac & cheese, and cabbage.  Nothing was good, but the fish was especially terrible.  I don't know what type of batter they used on the fish, but I hope you never have to experience it yourself.

Thumbs up for having delivery.  Thumbs down for not having food worth delivering.
Food is good but I can't take the lack of customer service and disregard for people's time. Call ahead and you still end up waiting another hour+ for your food...and no one seems to acknowledge how unacceptable that is! Then you get your order and it's wrong.  can't run a business this way....

I gave it a few tries, several tries...but I can't!
After waiting over 2 hours for a delivery to a location less than 10 minutes away, we still have not received our order. We have called twice for an update. Once we were told the driver had left 10 minutes ago, and the next time that he had left 45 minutes ago and the ETA was "maybe 10 minutes". There was no attempt to make restitution and a lackluster apology was offered only after I stated that a two hour wait was unacceptable. The food provided by this restaurant isn't worth waiting over 2 hours for. It is just passable on a day with a normal wait period. This isn't our first time ordering from here, but it is going to be our last.

Edited to add.: The food never arrived and the restaurant closed 45 minutes ago.  Do yourself a favor and don't order food from here.
WOW is the only word that I can think of to describe the food at Victoria's Kitchen. I tasted several dishes and they were all outstanding. Chef Victoria and her staff were very friendly and polite. If this place were closer to me, I think that it would be a weekly staple in my house, the prices are reasonable and the food delicious, how can you go wrong.  I can't wait to go back, there is a grilled salmon platter with mac and cheese with my name on it. Go to the website, the salmon is as good as it looks on the website photo.
Well, the good news is that my most recent visit really bumped this place up a star.  The bad news is that they only started out with one star.  I went here because my boyfriend wanted greens, and I wasn't gonna make 'em.  He suggested I give Victoria's Kitchen a second shot.  So, I did.

The Good:
- The woman who took my order was very nice
- The establishment itself is clean and well maintained
- The 7 Up Cake... yum

The Bad:
- Unfortunately, the food!  The baked chicken was not well seasoned and the greens didn't seem to be seasoned at all.  My boyfriend did like the mac & cheese, but I refused to touch it based on my past experience.

Overall, Victoria's kitchen could be great were it not for the unfortunate Achilles heel of poorly prepared food.  Relish is a block away and well worth the price differential.
I like Victoria's. We ordered takeout there tonight after attempting to eat at Delilah's at 30th street (closed down), and Chef Ken's (closed on Tuesdays.) I'm happy to say I really enjoyed my food. had the fried tilapia, macaroni and cheese, and collard greens.  I was surprised to find I didn't need to add any additional spices (not even salt or pepper) to my food.  

My fiance', on the other hand, thought it was just okay. He got the short ribs, and was a bit confused when he discovered they came with no bbq sauce.  Who eats their ribs that way?

Service was prompt and friendly.  In fact, we were out of there within 5 minutes of ordering, and my food was fresh and hot. (Unlike other places, my food was made fresh.)  I would definitely recommend Victoria's, especially on a Tuesday night.
I've only had their $10 Chef Salad w/grilled chicken which I enjoyed. The grilled chicken cost an additional $2. My very first salad was delicious! 

Sadly, I noticed a decrease in the quality of their salad. Initially,  the chef salad included 80% spinach and 20% iceberg lettuce, but the more I ordered,  the less spinach I received. Instead, I received 80% iceberg lettuce (the white hard parts) and 20% spinach. 

!!!Warning!!!
Please check your order before you leave because they make mistakes 90% of the time. Every time I ordered, they either forgot to include my egg, added onions when I asked them not to, or gave me the wrong salad dressing. 

The staff was good about reimbursing me, and/or giving me a free drink, but I would rather have my food right. Needless to say,  I stop going there.
If I could give them -5 stars I would. I ordered a crab cakes sandwich from them and regretted it. I was sick the entire weekend. Called them on Monday to speak with the Manager of course they wasn't there and they never called me back. I will never return there and when I hear of someone I know that eats there I tell them my experience and warn them.
It's been years since my boyfriend and I have ate from Victoria's due to the food going down hill, we took a chance last night and ordered  over the phone chicken wings/fried fish with sides and a piece of marble cake....Needless to say the food was really good, we where shocked.....I still have my doubts on other dishes but they get 5 stars for the food tasting like old school Victoria's kitchen
Literally waited 3 hours for them to deliver my food after originally being told 45 minutes then 15 minutes each of the 3 times I called when they didn't show. Did I mention that I only live 5 minutes away? They made no attempt to make amends for their mistake but we still decided to pay for the order to avoid starvation. The food was average, possibly because it was cold & sweaty, but the horrible customer service definitely diminishes the quality.
I ordered through uber eats none the less Uber didn't prepare the food. I ordered a fried chicken family meal that was supposed to be enough to serve 4. What a joke. The four of us had a teaspoon serving of mac and and cheese, greens, and yams. The fried chicken was sub par and oh yea one piece of cornbread for 4 people. Total waste of money!!!! And if you are hungry go to KFC or Popeyes!!!
I placed an order on GrubHub & got a call from the Restuarant that two of the items I ordered they didn't have.  Then I get a status order update from GrubHub saying my order was ready.  When I arrived at the Restuarant I had to wait 30 minutes.  The turkey chops were a bit salty & the sweet potato cheese pie was HORRIBLE.  I will not be eating here again.  The mac&cheese & string beans were ok but nothing to write home about.  Needless to say that I was truly DISAPPOINTED!!!
Simply put the workers who take orders have attitudes and don't value paying customers!! 

As for taste of the food, it is fairly decent but nothing stellar and I've tasted better soul food. The prices are average. I have decided to nix going there unless I have been told that they are improving customer service and their relations. Great customer service will keep me supporting and returning. No one should get an negative attitude if one requests to add something  or change it. Patience with any customer is crucial. It's our money after all.
To be fair I didn't get far enough to order any food so I cant comment on the food. If the restaurant was classified as a take out and not have an eat in option it MIGHT have been acceptable. My husband and I were in the neighborhood and decided to try  "Victoria's Kitchen". From the door I was disappointed. The place is small and the few tables are too close together. It was on June 10th, the temperature  was 83 outside and 90 inside with NO AIR CONDITIONING, only one ceiling fan swirling around the fish smelling hot air. I paused at the opening near the cashier to be seated. The cashier beckoned for me to come over because they didn't have a WAITRESS. I asked for a menu and she pointed to the one taped to the counter. I asked if she had one I could look at closer? She found another table sized menu. I looked at the prices and my surroundings and thought there is no way that this place can charge these exorbitant prices. We left immediately WITHOUT ordering anything.
I love supporting black businesses in my community but when an establishment can blatantly disrespect their own for the sake of dollar then it is no wonder why we are stigmatized as illegitimate business people. After my experience today, this establishment will no longer receive my hard earned money for such poor customer service. 

I called in an order for a fish sandwich and a cobbler for pick during my break at work. I was told that the cobbler was not available and asked if I wanted 1 or 2 pieces of fish on my sandwich. I opted for 2 pieces and the pineapple cake instead. When I arrived to the restaurant I also added a banana pudding to my order which came to a total of $20.52. I checked my order in the car before leaving and noticed that my banana pudding was missing and that I did not have a fish sandwich. Instead I was given 2 pieces of fish and two dinky slices of wheat bread. I returned to the restaurant and to inform the young lady at the counter of the error. She hands me the bread pudding and turned away. Perplexed, I asked about my sandwich because what I had was definitely not the fish sandwich that I was accustomed to from Victoria's Kitchen. She replied that they no longer make sandwiches. I asked, "If you no longer make sandwiches, then why wouldn't you say that when I called and asked for a fish sandwich?" She replied, "Well that's why I asked you if you wanted one or two pieces of fishes?" I don't what planet y'all live on but that makes no sense. If you don't have sandwiches then say that you don't make sandwiches. The experience was utterly disrespectful and lazy. I used to be a fan of this place but they will never receive my money again and I'll make sure that people know about this foolery. Piece of advice: take care of your own and learn some customer service skills. Otherwise, you are in the wrong business.
They sell farm raised fish that macaroni side and potato salad its horrible stop playing people work too hard for nasty food somebody give the new club plenty of people looking for jobs
Food is very good.  I always Oder the salmon and a double order of spinach. A bit pricey now than a year and s half ago. I stopped going because the price went up and the service went down. The wait is entirely too long. Sometime I call an order in from south philly in my way in from work, by the time I get there my food is still not done! And then they don't bother to call and tell you your side is not available. You find out when you get there, then have to wait for that to be cooked.
Disappointed with the Service and Food during catered event on 2/29/20 by Victoria's Kitchen...I want to start this review by saying, in no way do I wish for anyone's position/employment to be affected by this review. My family and I have eaten at this restaurant before and enjoyed the food. This is why they were chosen to cater for our family. This is to only make aware of the service my family received on 2/29/20 from Victoria's Kitchen Catering Service.
To start, a family member had to go to the hall where the repass was held to place table settings on all of the tables and add centerpieces that was supposed to be done by the caters. Second, the caters were late to the hall. The caters were apologetic, but Victoria's Kitchen is no more then 5-7 minutes from the hall. Third, the food was cold. One of the caters stated that the hall did not have a kitchen or a big enough sink to add water to the pans so the food can be warmed in. This resulted in the caters using the sink in the bathroom to fill the pans and to make the iced tea that was served. Fourth, our food was served in a rush and unorganized by the caters, and by this time I could see the angsts and annoyance start to build in my Mother-In-Law as well as my Father-In-Law who's father's home going service we were celebrating. Lastly, I witnessed a list that was given to my Mother-In-Law by the lead caterer with all of the food that was left, and for us to take home. Everything was given to us except the pan of macaroni and cheese. My husband went back to the hall, but the caters were gone so he had to go to Victoria's Kitchen restaurant to retrieve the pan of food that was paid for. 
I'm informing everyone especially Victoria's Kitchen about this experience so that's no one has to go through what my family and I had to go through. And, for this restaurant to just do better for those who pay for their food and their service.
Also, I failed to mentioned that myself and some family members had to clear the tables at the end of our gathering. This was supposed to be done by the caters who were packing up some of the food that had to be tracked down by my husband.
I went to eat at Victoria's Kitchen at the recommendation of my friend John and while the food was OK, the rest of the dining experience was amateur night at the Apollo! 
They have a small dining room space and after eating there, I asked myself why the even bothered to put tables and chairs in the restaurant. 
First, you have to go to the counter and order your food and the girl say's "sit down and I'll bring it over to you". We sit down and watch a fuzzy rerun of "House" on a TV and waited for our food. 
The food came out quick enough, but they served it to us in takeout styro containers with an accompanying plastic fork. I sat there feeling kinda weird eating out of a to go container and I had even more difficulty cutting my Turkey Chops (apparently you can't buy Beef of Pork at most restaurants run by african-american women, which can be good or bad, bad for me though) without a knife. 
I slepped up to the counter and asked for a knife and went back to eat my meal. The food was good with nice portions, but I personally like a restaurant that goes the extra mile for you but taking time endured recipes and giving them an expert twist and therefore creating a meal worth leaving your home for. This is a subject that needs more scrutiny. But getting back to the review of Victoria's Kitchen, I recommend it but for takeout only.
The wait time is absolutely horrible. Ordered through grub hub a hr prior... i called grub him to cancel the order because on the app, it said that the order was never received, 30mins in. Grub hub said they couldn't cancel the order because they called the restaurant & they said my order was in fact received & ready for pick up. By now, it's been about a hr. So, I head to go pick up my order & they tell me that it's not ready & if I wait "a lil longer", it'll be ready. I immediately cancelled my order. The young lady at the front apologized saying she "can't control what the app does".  This place is a hit or a BIG MISS. You'd think after years of being in business, they'd figure out a system that works to improve efficiency & customer satisfaction. 

Nope!!!
You only received a 2nd star because my partner liked his chicken. However after waiting about 1.5 hours for my order to arrive I am soo over you. My salad was wilted because for sone reason they dressed it when I specifically asked for my dressing on the side. When I called the 15th time I was told that the driver was outside . I love the idea of grubhub however  I'm not a fan of all the issues that their restaurants put me through. "sigh" Victorias kitchen you could have been sooo much better than wilted salad and cold food.
Having a random fish and Mac and cheese craving one day, my hubby, his friends and I made our way to Victoria's. We walked in, placed our orders ( Fried tilapia, mac and cheese and rice, my husband got the fish sandwich with cheese with two blueberry lemonades ) and waited....... And waited. We moved our car to the other side of the street and still waited some more. I was getting so impatient... I think I almost walked away with 2 other people's orders.

FINALLY we got our orders and decided to eat in because of how hungry we were. OMG. Couldn't finish it all, which was a good thing because I had lunch AND dinner. I even tried my husbands sandwich and it was so on point that I almost ordered it to go. 

I've seen a lot of reviews on the lack of customer service, long delivery waits, and sub par food... But aside from the wait... I have no complaints because my food was hot and freshly made. I will be coming back against very very soon. (Like maybe tonight, lol)
The worst customer service! The Fish sandwich is good; however the food quality is inconsistent. If they give you a wait time add 45 more minutes! Very disappointed with the service here.
The food use to be good. Now it's really salty and over priced The sides are never good anymore. I had rice that was very hard and inedible. The greens were old and soggy. I'm going to miss patronizing this business but...
Inconsistency, inconsistency and again inconsistency
Daughter ordered two platters only sent one but two orders of corn bread and two sodas... mac and cheese sucked. Not worth the chance anymore. When she called the young lady argued that she only ordered one . Lucky one platter is large enough to share. You never know what you're going to get quality wise or accuracy from order to order, day to day... but I'm done with ordering from here anymore and will not recommend them.
This place use to be good years ago!! I order from Victoria's Kitchen quite frequently. Most recently, I ordered my food and I ordered a lemonade however they never included a lemonade in the bag. I called and they said next time I order they would just give me a lemonade for free. Fast forward a month later, and they refused to honor that. I called over a dozen times to speak to the manager who never got back to me. I spoke to Janea who told me she would rely the message but I am sure she never did. The fact that they could not honor a $2 lemonade shows me that they value money over customer service and that does not sit well with me. I will never eat or order from this place again. I encourage others not to eat here at well. The wait time for food is excessively long and the food is just okay, nothing to rant or rave about. Victoria's Kitchen honestly does not deserve your time or money. They can consider that lemonade a $2 tip for awful and unprofessional customer service!!
I had salmon, yams and white rice with gravy and it was very delicious and well seasoned, I ate everything, I will be ordering all the time now
Food is good. Expect to wait for your food, but know that it will be fresh. I like the food because it's not drowning in salt. They have a rewards program and send coupons as well. The platter size is just enough.
The food is great but the girls behind the counter needs to learn Proper phone etiquette other then that the food is Awesome especially the turkey chops
We ordered a salmon sandwich and a salmon dinner platter. First off, we were promised a 25 minute PICK UP TIME. I waited 30 minutes after I ordered to leave, drove ten minutes and waited an additional 20 minutes there for the food. The salmon sandwich was about $10-11 which in my opinion is already over priced to not come with a side, but whatever. I ordered a side of sweet potato fries....they charged me $5 for a small (ridiculous).

I was called back about 10 minutes after I made the order to advise that they did not have the Brioche bun (which is why ordered the overpriced sandwich in the first place)...they told me they only had white bread. I obliged, but when I got there to pick up the food I asked if they were gonna knock anything off the price for the inconvenience (brioche bread is significantly more expensive than white bread) I was told no but decided to pay for the food anyway. 

I got the food an hour after ordering and was terribly disappointed once I got it home to my family. The white bread on the sandwich was stale, the salmon itself was cold and swimming in grease inside the sandwich.

The sweet potato fries were soft, wilted, and very greasy. 

My husband was quite dissatisfied with his platter as well. The potatoes was so salty he couldn't eat them, the salmon was swimming in grease and the green beans were over cooked. (Platter not pictured). 

It's funny, we read the Yelp reviews before giving this place a try and decided to roll the dice anyway. (Support black owned) 

B I G  M I S T A K E.

Needless to say; first time, last time, won't do it again.  

This was $35 wasted (you read right, no drinks no desserts, just a platter a sandwich and a fry)

If you read this review and decide you may want to roll the dice with this place anyway; do yourself a favor....DONT.
I'm not really understanding the bad reviews.  I'm seeing a trend amongst people that ordered delivery though.  The fried fish I ordered was crispy, flavorful, and surprisingly not that greasy.  The collard greens were perfectly seasoned and I probably could have ate a pound of them.  I also had candied yams that had just the right amount of sweetness.  I cannot wait to try more of their food! I heard the mac and cheese is really good too.  Overall the food is great and they have friendly staff.  You can tell they take pride in their food.
A few years ago.....I stopped in this restaurant and saw an ambitious young woman just starting out.  The customer service was awesom the food was unique and tasty.  Then, after success the service diminshed, the orders were incorrect, the waiting period grew longer due to mistakes. Turkey burger was undercooked. The clutter around the register. What happened?
Not worth money, time, or hassle. I ordered 2 platters with an extra side and the total came to $39.41. I ordered a salmon platter with macaroni, spinach and a small side of mashed potatoes and a bbq chicken platter with macaroni and collard greens.

Platter #1
My salmon was not cooked all the way, it was slimy and soft, and the butter scampi sauce was more like jello, runny and chunky and it looked like snot. I was hungry so I scraped off the chunky "sauce" , re-seasoned the salmon AND put it in the oven for about 10min. I cant believe they gave a platter and my salmon was basically still swimming.

My mashed potatoes were so dry and bland, i added butter and seasoned them too but they still tasted like cardboard, I couldn't even eat it. 

My macaroni was good BUT that chunky scampi snotty looking stuff was in the pocket holding the mac so i couldn't eat the whole thing cuz it was contaminated basically from the uncooked fish and nasty sauce.

My spinach was sooooooo SALTY! But i was at a point in that platter that i was just grateful it had seasoning on it smh. It was the best thing in the platter and i probably got high blood pressure now.

Platter #2
The bbq chicken was so dark. We thought it was the sauce . WRONG! The chicken was so overcooked , dry, and burnt that sticking a fork in it made it almost crumble into a million pieces. It was so overcooked that the meat was hard. It was not edible at all! Like you wouldn't even feed this to a dog. Horrible. Its ashame that chicken had to die just to be served up in a platter full of disappointment, #chickenslivesmatter 

The macaroni and the collard greens were OK, thats it tho, no bragging needs to take place. 

I would not recommend this place to anyone and especially for the price! Way too expensive, portions are on the smaller side compared to other places in the area, and the food is not consistently made correctly (i had the same platters from them twice before, each time got worse). I am officially not a customer and will continue to share my opinion and story because no one should have to spend $40 on food and cant eat it because its not edible or have to recook it because its not fully cooked. Slimy salmon, I am still disgusted!
This place has *thee* best soul food.... their dom's cheesy mac and cheese is unreal and the yams are too great....would definitely recommend this place...just had it for the first time yesterday and will be going back tomorrow
1st time I had the fried chicken, Mac and cheese with string beans was today. Not too shabby at all oh and forgot the cornbread yummy. That put the meal over the top. Recommend them absolutely.
Although the food is good, the more I come here the worst the service gets. It takes forever to get food even if you order online it still takes another 45 min - 1hr to get. Not sure if the wait is worth the food.
Victoria's Kitchen came to my work and it was amazing. I had it twice in one week. No shame!! The mac and cheese was awesome. So were the green beans, collard greens and fried fish (which was not one bit greasy). The mac and cheese was cheesy and fattening... just as it should be! They dont skimp! I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and hope they come back soon. I took a peek at their website and was pleasantly surprised to know that their ingredients were fresh and the fish wild caught. Yum!
The food is amazing & delivery was fairly prompt! Food arrived in about 45 minutes. I ordered the smothered turkey chops which were substituted with pork chops. I wanted pork to begin with, so I didn't mind. It came with collard greens & mac and cheese. I also ordered sweet potato cheese pie. A delicious meal overall!
Bad idea to be driving your Victoria's Kitchen van going 90 in a 40 MPH zone and cut us off while a van is trying to merge at the same time and just merely miss smashing into my car with my 11 month old. Terrible judgment. I know it's not a review on the food, but I would never eat there now after that experience.
I feel bad writing this review. I like to support Black businesses but this place has to do better. The macaroni and cheese. I really don't know where to begin. It was the most blandest and weirdest mac & cheese I've ever seen and tasted. Dear Victoria's Kitchen, please work on that because I want to support you.
I found out about Victoria's Kitchen from a neighbor. Today, I ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake Entree and the Shrimp Po'Boy. 

First, I was surprised with how large the Po'Boy sandwich was. It was delicious with large shimps, and came with a yummy and slightly spicy house sauce. Only issue was I asked for no onions, but onions still came on the sandwich. 
The crab cake entree was superb. The crab cake was lump meat and tasted very fresh. The sides of mac and cheese, and potato salad was awesome. I only wish my potato salad had been cold instead of room temp. But this could have been due to the other hot foods in the food container. 

Recently, I've been having trouble fining a soul food place that makes good seafood, as I am a Pescatarian (only eat fish/seafood). Will def be ordering here again.
I heard so many good things about this place so i had to try it, my fiance and i spent 40 dollars on two platters thats went right in the trash, I ordered fish fried rice, the rice was under cooked and no flavor at all with cut up pieces of fish, no type of fry here just a mix i could have done myself with more flavor. My fiance ordered the chicken platter the wings were so bland and tasteless, who messes up chicken!! lol,    I gave it two stars because i must say the rum pound cake is delicious maybe ill just go for that.
Very underrated in my opinion. My food was amazing simply put. I have many food restrictions they were very accommodating. My baked chicken was tastefully seasoned not dry, like how baked chicken usually is if not eaten right away. The Mac and cheese is not from the box and that will become abundantly clear once you tase it. Bravo.
Ordered a Sunday meal of chicken wings, rice and cabbage with 4 additional wings with a hefty price tag of 28.00. I always get the same order as it's always hit or miss in terms of food being prepared correctly.

 However my meal yesterday was awful I was so hungry that I immediately went for the wings and ate 3 but while I was eating them I noticed that the wings was either old or fried in old grease with is common for them.I couldn't stomach the other 7 wings so I threw them out. I ate a little bit of the rice and cabbage which was just ok.

I went on ahead with my Sunday night of favorite tv shows but couldn't help but notice that my stomach was queasy. I went to bed after my shows only to be awakened with violent vomiting and loose stools at the same time which lasted until my stomach was empty!!!! Needless to say Victoria's Kitchen is off my list of takeout spots. Buyer beware!!! To be forewarned is to be foretold!!!!!
This was my first time ordering from Victoria's and my last. I ordered for my son and I and it was horrible. They took over an hour to deliver the food. That should have let me know right there that there would be problems.

I ordered the salmon platter with cabbage & mac n cheese for myself & the wing platter with mac n cheese for my son. My 14 y/o who loves chicken couldn't eat it because it was too salty. My salmon  was cooked a little too long, the cabbage was greasy and tasteless. The mac n cheese was passable to say the least.The best thing was the over priced desserts. The banana pudding was good according to my son and the chocolate cake was pretty good. Should they cost $5???? Hell no. The portions were entirely too small for the price. $2-$2.50 max is what they should charge based on the portion.  I feel like I pretty much wasted $50. NEVER AGAIN!
I will not return. I called waited 5 min on hold then I called back again on hold another 3 min. The girl took my order and my food was ready in 30 min. My husband went in to get the food and said he thought it was unprofessional they were laying tile with the restaurant open. 

Nonetheless, I heard about this place on the radio so I couldn't wait to try it. I ordered wings, mac, yams and lemonade. The wings were seasoned good. The mac was ok and the yams had too much of an ingredient and tasted weird. The home made lemonade was bitter. My husband veggie platter ok. 

WHY I WONT RETURN. I became severely sick for an 1 hr. Within 30 min I had to use the bathroom. Then, I was vomiting everything plus I had diarrhea. I had nothing else to eat for hours prior and nothing afterwards. My husband was fine. It mustve been the fried chicken wings. That was the only thing I had that he didn't eat since hes a vegetarian. I was so sick. I won't return or recommend.
Ok People have been going crazy about this place so I agreed to try it out. WORST!! I thought i was playing it safe by just getting baked fish, mac&cheese, and string beans. The fish was rubbery like it was cooked two days old. Mac&cheese tasted like has been sitting in some kind of broth, and the string beans was coated in butter and no taste. I couldn't finish it so my dog had a great meal.
I really want to like this place. Their food is very good, but their service will make me never come back. I have on multiple occasions waited over an hour for an order when I was told it would take 25 minutes. I believe they are perhaps taking more orders than they are able to fill in a reasonable time. If this is the case, they need to be more upfront with how long an order will take. Then I can plan. The staff members are trying to juggle multiple duties at one time and when calling to check in on the status of my order, the aren't able to give an accurate update. 

Again, on the plus side, the food is good, once you get it. I have had the fried whiting and the turkey chops. Both delicious. Their sides and desserts are good as well.

If you order from this restaurant, don't wait until you're hungry... your stomach will hear many rumbles before you can eat.
Do not and I repeat do not come to this establishment. I drive past here everyday and even heard Patty Jackson speak on this place on the wdas. So today I said I would try them out. First of all they are still saying we are at a coin shortage which is a lie. I had to give them $1 extra. Then I had to wait an hour for my food and everyone afterwards was told they are still making sides!! I can understand the meat. But the Mac and cheese is made fresh each time someone orders?? And I had to wait and hour while hearing the cook complain he don't have all he needs. It's not clean inside and everyone is waiting for sides like ten people at one in this cramped area. I was so disappointed. Very. With two dinners coming to $33 dollars. So not worth it and the aggravation definitely isn't worth it
Customer service is terrible. I placed my order through the website at 4:30pm with an expected delivery time of 5:30. It's after 6pm and nothing. And don't even think about calling because you will be on hold for an additional 30mins just for them to say they don't know what happen. How unorganized!. To avoid contact I placed clear instructions to leave on the steps but text upon arrival. I'm not seeing the misunderstanding. The girl over the phone stated the order will be remade and sent back out, however did not offer any compensation for the inconvenience. Its now been over an hour since I was told that. The other reviewer are correct eating here is a gamble.
i live in the neighborhood and seen a menu on the ground, so i decided to try them. I decided to have them deliever since i didn't feel like driving. I called on a friday night, but it surprisngly came fast it was under a hour which was great..the food was also good very seasoned and well porportioned. I've ordered from them every friday now..guess i'm a fan!!!
V.kitchen used to be really good when they first got in business . Now they have gotten really comfortable selling anything and on top of that you call them and sometimes they don't have food left . I had a platter a week ago and the food was scarce ,salty and the people taking your order are unprofessional . Never will I ever eat here again .
The food wasn't that great. I ordered on a Monday night for my Husbands Birthday and the food was very underwhelming. We ordered fried fish and the fish was fried way too hard. The skin fell off as soon as he picked the fish up. The greens tasted canned and had a very strong vinegary taste. The yams had absolutely no taste. The fried chicken and macaroni and cheese was not that bad. I doubt that we will return back to this location.
Terrible customer service. I called for a pick up on a Sunday and was on hold for 5 minutes. Hung up, called back and someone picked up less than 2 minutes. The woman who took my order was nice on the phone. I can't say that about the other staff. When I arrived, they were very chit-chatty and it wasn't work related. I was told my order was coming in 10 min but it turned into about 20 min. The woman threw my platter on the counter once it was done to rush me out of there. Mind you, I wasn't being a nuisance......I just shot a look when I heard them talking about my
The food use to make up for the service but that was subpar. The food was thrown into the platter without care and the skin of the chicken was slightly burned. 
I also would think that they would change the carpet in there. It doesn't look good and it seems like it's been there for years. I will not be coming back here until I hear about some changes. Sorry, I would love to show support for this business like I used to but the most recent experience I received (food and service) wasn't good at all.
My husband and I ordered from here around 9pm and we picked up our food. When we got home and opened up our food the appearance was not good. The food did not look fresh and it wasn't even hot. We ordered the fried wings, mash, and cabbage. I always order my wings fried hard but they were soggy and some of the pieces of chicken freaked me out one looked like the shape of a rodent. The garlic mash was drenched in butter omg I could not get through two spoons of it. The only thing that was edible was the cabbage. I was certainly shocked at this, because I always eat from here and my food is always nice fresh and cooked just how I like it. We came to the conclusion that this is not the place to order from 1-2 hours before closing time which is at 10pm. It should not be this way and people should have their food fresh and hot no matter what time it is. If your business close at 10 you should send out food that represents your business in the best way. I don't think I will be eating from here no time soon. We started to return for a refund but we live in the northeast so we had to settle for some bowls of cereal. Disappointed customer.
I reluctantly visited Victoria's Kitchen this past weekend.  I heard from a few facebook friends that the customer service was bad, but I was craving chicken wings and decided to give them a try.  I have to say that I was pleased with the customer service.  We were greeted promptly and friendly.  The young man who took our order was professional and answered the questions I had about ingredients.  The odd thing was that you have to pay for your food upfront.  That is the first time I have encountered that, but whatever.  

I have to be honest and say that I would have enjoyed Popeye's chicken more and I think their chicken is typical fast food.  The wings were very small and had absolutely no seasoning.  I also had the collard greens.  They too lacked seasoning.  I did appreciate the fact that they were not cooked using fat, but a little sautéed onion, garlic and ginger would have really helped the greens.  I took them home and added some EVOO, sea salt and garlic powder to give them some help.  I can no take bland food!  Would I go back - not really sure.  Perhaps this was an off day.
I had food delivered, and it came in about 40 minutes, which is fine, but I was overcharged by $4 (paid for the large Mac and Cheese, got the small) and the the food was mediocre at best. I ended up throwing out half my meal, which is something I never do. It was such a disappointing experience, I have to go with 1 star.
Victoria's is located about 5 blocks from my home.  I've eaten their food many, many times.  Never had a bad meal, not even once.  I call to order take out, so I can't speak on delivery service.  They also have about 5-6 tables if you'd like to eat in.

Simply put, the food is wonderful!  I order when I crave fish & their Fried Basa is simply delicious.  Perfectly cooked every time.  The Tilapia is mouthwatering good as well, comes wrapped within spinach & so well-seasoned.  In fact, all their food is well seasoned, I've never added any additional seasons to any dish I've ever ordered.  The platter comes with 2 sides: greens, potato salad, tuna salad, mac n cheese, cabbage, yams etc.  All are good, some stand above others.  

If you go for the 1st time, order the Fried Basa w sides of greens & potato salad or tuna salad if they have it, banging soul food meal.  Thank me later :o)
Long wait times, and the food is not consistently good!
So I wanted something delicious to eat, I was in between Relish or Victoria Kitchen. I recently ate at relish so I decided to give Victoria a try. I order fried chicken, mac & cheese and potato salad. I'm going to get right to the point . Mac & cheese was super burnt and dry. Chicken wings were more like wingettes and I didn't even receive the side of potato salad so I can't tell you if that would have been good. Long story short I should have fellow my gut and order from Relish. I was super disappointed. If it doesn't meet your personal expectations then you shouldn't serve anyone what you give me. Quality is everything!
OMG!!! My friend had them cater a party last weekend. The food was absolutely amazing!! Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. So glad I got to take home leftovers. The grilled chicken and brisket reheated perfectly, so juicy and flavorful!  I can't wait to try their BBQ!
When I first went to Victoria's kitchen I was satisfied with the local soul food. Then on top of that they added delivery. They are still fairly a new business so they are still working out the kinks but there are some things that I noticed. The macaroni and cheese is a tad dry and the sweet potato fries are drenched in cinnamon and syrup. When you ask them to put a small amount on they either put the regular amount or leave it basically dry. Besides these things though I would say this place is okay.
The food was disgusting and was a total waste for me. My mac & cheese was sitting in what looked like oil and had a funny after taste.  The sweet potatoes were bland and the fried chicken not tasty.  Trashed my platter so it was wasted money.
The only reason they get two stars is because the food is good, but as for the delivery time and customer service it was HORRIBLE!!  I kept calling to add something to my order and the young lady kept leaving me on hold for 10-15 minutes.  Then let's talk about hoe the delivery driver pulled up on my block blasting music so loudly disturbing all my neighbors, it was so classless.  Don't even think about pickup that takes even longer than delivery, like why do I have to wait over an hour for food.  YOU NEED TO DO BETTER
The fried chicken platter is excellent! The chicken is always well seasoned and crispy. The only reasons for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the price has went up by a lot! My order of 6 chicken wings and 2 sides came to $16. A little pricey but worth it in the end
I used to eat here often, now that I am trying to lose weight this is my "treat" spot!
The food is excellent, I love the shrimp with mac and cheese and green beans. They used to run out of food and take a lot longer, but they have gotten better. A good spot. Call ahead if you can and you won't wait at all.
The food took a little while but for a small family own restaurant with about 4/6 people what do you expect. The food was flavorful but the baked chicken was a bit over cooked. All in all I think it's a nice small spot but the food was grate. Considering there's not too many place to get good soul food in the city we need to appreciate the ones we have.
Food is delicious . Especially the fried chicken and candied yams. Service is pretty quick . The place however could use a touch up and some remodeling.
This is my fourth trip here. The food is pretty good but the wait time is a little long to  me.
I ordered the fried fish platter with broccoli and Mac nd cheese. I haven't had anything else from Victoria's kitchen because this one meal is so amazing that I know it will satisfy my cravings every time. I got my food delivered via uber eats, I find that to be the best delivery option because my food arrives nice and hot, just minutes after being cooked.
Ordered through UberEATS. Fried shrimp w/mac & yams. Rum pound cake. Shrimp were good but small, Mac was ok, hated the yams. The pound cake was the star of the show. Way overpriced so probably won't order again for that reason but pretty good food.
Love their food. Never a long wait for food . The counter girls could be a little more friendly and professional but overall a great business.
Preliminary rating based on not receiving food after ordering at 6:20 pm through GrubHub.  
I anxiously waited for food since I never ordered or even at from this place and called check the status after 30 minutes estimated arrival.  Spoke with a gentleman( after requesting his name - Elijah) who informed me that there was no order under my name.  Now normally I would be going off but I've been on the Buy black, bank black so I held my cool as I gave him my address which he then said "nope, don't see that, oh wait here it is".  He then told me that although my order was accepted they didn't put it in.  Are you kidding me! I now have a splitting headache cause he's also telling me that they are out of greens.  &:@$$): - but he can give me an extra side free of charge.  "That's the least you can do cause my daughter and I both have headaches and stomachaches" I will follow up once the food arrives and give a review of the actual food.  But to be honest the food would have to be @!$:) amazing to get more than 1 additional star. These businesses can not compete - posted at 8:30 pm
Food is always good but service thru grub hub is hell. I've ordered thru grub hub about 3 times now and it's always a problem. This last time was IT for me. After waiting for over an hour, I called to check on the status of my delivery. Was told that their grub hub was down (which was a lie because grubhub would've said so when I placed my order) but that's another story. I call to check on my Order and was told that they are working on it and apologized for the delay. Again...this was about an hour and maybe 15 minutes after placing the order (HUNGRY).  Close to yet another hour has passed now and I have not had a knock on the door or a phone call for my delivery. I call back, by this time, it's almost 2 hours that have passed and I call and they say that my food is finally on the way. 2 hours?! Really?? Never in life have I experienced such a wait. I was starving when I placed the order! Again, food is always great but I wouldn't recommend anyone using grubhub to order from VK. I'm never one to complain about service EVER, in fact...this is was a first for me but waiting two hours for food is just ridiculous. ESPECIALLY when you're already starving. Manager was nice and offered to Comp my next meal but I was just too over it. Sadly, I just don't know that I'll order again.
Good spot. I had stopped ordering from them for a minute because quality went down. recently my daughter order from them and it looked so good we wound up sharing. things seem to be back where they once were. the only down side if you want call it a down side, is the fact they do not serve pork products... they are a little pricey but you deserve to treat yourself every now and then, they give you a lot of food a platter gives me two meals.
This place is pretty good. Ordered a turkey burger which was awesome, and sweet potato fries which were gross, but had potential. They were hand cut fries (fresh). The issue is they covered them in a sweet syrupy sauce which made the fries mushy and disgusting. I would totally get the jawbreaker again, but the can keep those weird french fries.
So anytime I'm craving that soulful comfort food and I'm not in the mood to slave over the stove , I cheat and pop into good old Vicky's. I'm giving 5 stars simply because it's damn good and consistent. I know each time I'm go underwhelming isn't a feat. I usually go for the classic fried chicken platter with the smashed potato salad and backed mac. The chicken is crunchy and flavorful. The smashed potato salad has tang and flavor in every bite, the cheesy mac and cheese is a guilty pleasure. I frequent Vicky's twice a month and I'm more than satisfied every time. It's about 14.50 a platter, reasonable for the portions and specialty. I love the soul and love I taste and it keeps me coming back!
I love the food here but they are always out of yams and when you call to order sometimes your placed on hold for a very LONG time smh. Other than that everything is great and I order from here all the time
The food is cooked to order, rich and delicious and yes it's worth the wait. I'm in love with their crab stuffed salmon.
So I'm originally from Philly but moved away about 7 years ago....to my delight there is so much that changed in my old neighborhood. I decided to try Sylvia's because I was in the mood for some good oil' soul food.....NO MAAM!!! I'm not sure if this was an off day, but unfortunately I will not return ...soul food means you put your heart and soul into cooking the food....NOPE...no heart or soul...but at least I tried to support the neighborhood business.
NEVER AGAIN!
I'm so annoyed but this is what black businesses get plagued with!
So, I order (uber eats)my little "typical" friday night dinner....Fried fish, greens potato salad!
The fish is supposed to be Basa, but I end up with dried up burnt whiting....call to get this rectified, bc CONSISTENCY AND QUALITY MATTER.....wait on hold 26mins, to someone who tells me she thought that it was listed as whiting on UberEats...bc its been sold out for two days. Oh, I'm sorry I thought I was the customer..was unaware, I am supposed to keep of track of your inventory and ALSO be okay with changing out a quality fish for garbage (in my opinion,based on lack of nutrition and flavor).
To tell me I have to wait for some driver to pick the nasty food up, to get a REFUND???? No ma'am!!!
I am already on my DAMN WAY to pick up QUALITY food from another establishment...your mess is in the trash! But you don't stand behind your mission at all, you didn't produce quality and you have no empathy towards a REPEAT customer to fix it....and let's mention apart of that good repeat customer was...MANY errors in food but still willing to push past it to give another chance..but DONE AND DONE....
Their food is good ,but the wait is ridiculous. Friday or Saturday nights forget about it . It's extremely crowded and then to make matters worse they run out of food . They clearly don't get things in bulk because they're always without macaroni and the things that are in demand . It's been times I've called and been on hold for more than 10 minutes and sometimes been hung up on . As for food they get a 10 but customer service they get a 1 . VERY UNPROFESSIONAL .
Food is great if they actually have whats on the menu....  I was told no more of this Great Turkey Burger and Quinoa. They dont sell it anymore! Cashers suck they make you feel like you being rushed. Only one cake on display.... could be better. There cooks is all they got.... The inside is not as clean and inviting as the outside. Best to grab and go. Luv my Black Business but we got to do better... The little things could make this place great
The food was amazing! I order fried chicken, greens, and Mac and cheese via uber eats. I'm very picky when it comes to greens and Mac & cheese because everyone can't successfully cook those. I was very satisfied with my order. There wasn't too much nor too little seasoning or salt on everything. The prices aren't to bad either! I'll definitely order again.
Let me start by saying this good food! I have been here a few times and outside of having to wait even after I called in my order the portions are a nice size and the service is always friendly. I tend to order the Fried Fish platter and I get the Basa fillets of which they give you two large fillets and two sides, honestly it is enough for two meals. The Mac and Cheese is good, so are the sweet potatoes, but the real stand out is the broccoli. I tried it on a whim thinking it would be nothing more than plain 'ol broccoli, but they way they seasoned this broccoli had me wishing me whole meal was nothing but broccoli. One downside was when I ordered three meals all had mac and cheese as a side, two of them had a fresh, cheesy, gooey, mac and cheese and the other clearly had the remnants of a scrapped mac and cheese pan. When I took the plates home it was not cool and we were quite annoyed. Let me finish by saying this, it is a good restaurant and I have only had one minor mishap there, with that said I have been back a few times since and it has been good. As long as they stay consistent, they will have me as a customer. I have been dying to try the crabcake because I hear nothing but great things about it. SB: Even though they deliver, I would pick it up. Oh, and I view this as a takeout spot, if you want a sit down dinner with ambience and atmosphere this isn't the place. All in all, give it a try, it's good food.
inconsistent  , from the food to the customer service , had the fish platter , was served hard unpalatable whiting , the mac and cheese is good sometimes , the salmon is a safe bet , but fried shrimp were soggy and overcooked , caggage is good , i guess it depends on whose cooking ... and the young lady that takes phone orders needs so customer service training , my mother asked " how are you seasoning your salmon today" , the youngest replied kurtly " same as every other day " that was my last time here , we supported from there first day , it been downhill since
I ordered 4 platters....grilled shrimp...fried shrimp...fried fish and buffalo shrimp. I smelled the buffalo sauce immediately when the platters were delivered. The buffalo shrimp were over saturated in the buffalo sauce to the point where all you could taste was the sauce. They didn't include any ranch or blue cheese per request. I had to soak them in paper towel then I used a fork to get most of the coating off so they were edible. I've ordered buffalo shrimp frequently from other establishments and never had this problem. The rest of the food and sides were excellent!
Ate here two days ago. The computers were broke so I couldn't get a receipt. They didn't have servers on staff so someone from the back took our order after a 30 minute wait. Requested water while waiting she said they didn't have any and offers lemonade. About 10 minutes after bringing the lemonade she managed to find me a bottle of warm water.

We counted about 45 minutes after placing our order to receive the food. The cornbread was ice cold. The collard greens taste like they were  Glory canned greens. The mac and cheese rat cheese but had a tonne of butter. The noodles were almost white. The fried chicken however, six wings, were absolutely amazing. Dining in, our food was served on styrofoam take out trays. Midway through dinner the waitress had given us napkins, came back, reached under my arm, took half of them back and give them to another table
The food is great here but there is room for improvement in the area of customer service. I believe there may be an issue with their phone system.  I called a total of eight times before someone finally answered to take my order only to be met with a lot of sass and attitude. Initially I went ahead and placed my order  but ended up calling back to cancel my order. I am not going to patronize a business that doesn't value me as customer. Way to much attitude!!
I paid $5.50 for some mediocre banana pudding. Any other place would have charge $3.50. The cup was so small.  I would not mind the price if it matched the taste. The place is outdated and I left the restaurant smelling like grease after 5 minutes. I haven't tried the actual food to be fair.  However, the banana pudding is a double no for me.
The food was horrible...let's start with the Mac and cheese..where was the cheese because it certainly was not on the Mac and cheese, it was just dry and salty..the yams were from the can..yes I can tell. The chicken wings were nicely fried but the rest of the dish was so bad it just lost me.. I can good wings anywhere so I would not go back..was my first time and last time. If you want good soul food ..this is not the place.
Was in the mood for soul food looked this restaurant up on maps person who took the order was friendly. Had to call back for a total because it wasn't given ordered whiting Mac and yams with a side of seafood salad.... A little pricey but I expected the food to be good so I didn't care... This platter literally had two small pieces of whiting which was cut to make it look like 4 pieces of fish... the Mac and cheese had a weird old cheese taste to it, the yams tasted as if they were sitting all day and the seafood salad only had two baby shrimp in it and the had the nerve to charge $5 for mayo and elbow noodles...  I wouldn't recommend this place customer service was good but the food wasn't!
The food has always been extremely good but the service is consistently poor and riddled with excuses. I decided to revisit this location today after a three year hiatus but no one can pay me to go back again in three years!!!!!!

I ordered and paid online only to arrive and learn the online system that collected my money was offline. 

Please remember the cost of service is incorporated in pricing. It is to be expected just like any item ordered.
Good looking food. First time eating and the greens are very salty and the yams aren't sweet enough. Overall it's not that bad.
So I'm sitting at home on a Saturday craving soul food.. and my girlfriend bring up this spot calling Victoria's Kitchen. I'm like alright I'm down for something new and a plus it's Black owned so that's a plus why not let me give it a try. I call and order pick up, I ordered the...

Baked Chicken 
Macaroni and cheese
And Mashed Potatoes

Stated pick up will be ready in 20min...
I was not left unsatisfied they gave four well sized pieces of baked chicken, a healthy serving of Mac and cheese, and the mashed potatoes were perfectly buttered.
I highly recommend Victoria's Kitchen for a quick well prepared meal at an affordable price.
THEY NEVER DELIVERED MY FOOD

This place is trash, they never have half of the items on the menu. Which is sad bc they have decreased the menu and still don't have anything on the menu.
(It should be someone's job to calculate how much food should be prepared and prep enough that wait time isn't too long.

Currently they don't say it will be a min wait they just say they don't have it huh all you serve is chicken fish and a few sides so did they just run out of chicken and yams bc when something is getting low they should be making more

To make matters worse they never delivered my food. I ordered on Grubhub and an hour later I called the restaurant and asked for a status they said the driver was out for delivery.

30 mins later I call again, no answer 30 mins prior to closing 

I call again in 15 mins, no answer 

I tried again at closing no answer and they were closed the next day smh
Food was fantastic! Fried chicken had a nice crunch and seasoning to it. The mashed potatoes are so buttery and creamy, exactly what we were looking for! Will absolutely order again!
I would love to give this place a better review but they are not worthy in their current state.   The service is not good and they are very unorganized.  The food itself is tasty but in order for me to get my order, I have to deal with a lot from this place.  This is my 4th time ordering from here and 3 out of 4 of those experiences werent pleasant.  They tell you it will take 20 mins for your order, however, I had to wait 1 hr and 15 mins.  In addition to ordering brocolli and being told 45 mins later they were out of brocolli so I had to order a replacement veggie.  Then my crab cake platter was up but there was only 1 crab cake instead of 2. It took another 15 mins for me to get another crab cake and to get my order finally.  My food was barely warm.  I am very dissapointed in this establishment :( I will not be able to order from here again.
