This eatery isn't much larger than a walk-in closet, but bright walls, flowers and candles - and the fact that they're a BYOB - make this an affordable date spot. Due to its size, you'll never be ignored by the friendly staff, even when there's a crowd.

The kitchen works fast, turning out piping hot Laotian and Thai dishes in record time. There's the usual assortment of curries, seafood, and rice plates. Fresh spring rolls ($3.95; vegetarian; cash only, last I checked) come with a side of sweet plum sauce and a pleasantly tart fish sauce. Try the pad kee mao ($10.95; with beef): While it could be spicier and the beef is almost dangerously dry, the sauteed rice noodles are moist, and the mix of onions, carrots, broccoli, chili peppers, bean sprouts, and basil give it flavor and color.
I can't say enough about this place. Everything I have ever had was delicious - panang curry, egglplant/dill/sticky rice, Pad Kee Mow (so tasty that it took me a year to stop ordering it), red curry, yelloy curry, green curry- try it all, rice noodles, curries.  It's not Thai, as some people claim, but Laotian, which is why many people don't recognize dishes on the menu, or certain flavor combination. 

I don't give 5 stars based on food, though. I love this place because it is a neighborhood joint, because you can eat outside in the summer, because it is a BYOB, because it is CHEAP for the amount of food you get, because when you're there you feel happy just knowing that everyone else is having as good a time as you are. It's not fancy, it's just fantastic. 

Also, there are so many vegetarian options, it's always a hard choice to decide between something new and something that I've had beofre and loved. Really, I could go here every day.
A worthwhile destination, even if you are not from the neighborhood.

I lived at 48th & Hazel back in my art school days which was before the area was cutely named 'Cedar Park' and when Baltimore Ave. did not have very much to offer in the way of ethnic food, other than Lucky's Chinese Take Out, which is still in business after 37 years-possibly under new management. 

After a too long stint on the West coast, I moved back to Philly in 2015. I had been longing to see my old West Philly neighborhood again. In the back of my mind I was also on the look out for some decent, non trendy, authentic Thai food but I never expected to find it here.

Laotian food is damn good food, somewhat along the lines of Thai cuisine but subtler. My dining companion and I found parking on a side street and as we crossed Baltimore and headed towards Vientiane, I was giddy with memories and pleased to see this old street looking better than the last time I waited on the corner for the trolley to take me to art school in Center City.

This place is cash only and byob. 

First impressions-one was how utterly delicious the place smelled when we walked in. I wanted to go from table to table, asking the diners what they thought the best thing on the menu was. Second was the unfeigned courtesy. We got seated right away and were watered and menued up with no waiting. Everything looked so good. Wonderful to see that sticky rice could be had with entrees.

We started with fried spring rolls and Yum Salad with shrimp. Excellent! Smart, crisp flavors and fresh, well handled food. Someone in the kitchen absolutely cared about what they are sending out to diners. The crowd was mixed; Caucasian students, married, straight 20 somethings, elegant looking mixed race couples, beautiful Rasta boys, professors, seniors-all the casual, natural and unstudied diversity that made me ache for Phillly when I lived elsewhere. This is not a big place and it can be loud, bit it's an easy, happy, comfortable kind of raucousness that washes over you and pulls you in, making you feel like part of an all embracing, wonderful party.

Service was polite and pleasant. Entrees were more than ample. My companion had green curry with tofu that she raved about while I had the Lao pork sausages-three fat, juicy ones with a side of sticky rice, lick your fingers dipping sauce and a mound of vegetables which were forgettable but fresh. I didn't care because I wanted to reserve my appetite so I could do the sausages justice. Time slowed as it does when one is having a really exceptional meal. Between the audaciously fine food and the people watching, I was in heaven. We were not rushed or pushed to order more than we already had. 

We finally finished with Thai iced tea and the tempura fried banana (cliched but delicious). As we wound up our repast, we were making future plans to come back for lunch, and for dinner again and then for lunch and...who knows, maybe I'd even head down the block to get something to go from Lucky's for old times sake...

Remember-cash only and bring your appetite.
Take your girlfriend here. She will love you forever. Try the stuffed talapia. Or the Panang. Or the pineapple fried rice. Great menu, plenty of vegetarian options, and plenty of spice! Good prices too. Take your date here. She'll be impressed and you wont break the bank.
I love Vientiane and all that it manages to hook up food and atmosphere wise. But as much as I want to give it 5 stars, it always manages to have that one crucial snag in service that keeps it from getting there. The first time was how long it took to get the check squared away (which was also partly our fault) in the end. But most recently it was how long it took us to get some water in front of us even though we had some pretty damn spicy entrees in front of us. I love it spicy, and didn't exactly help matters when I added a dose of Siracha to the mix, but good thing we had some iced coffee in front of us! watching the server walk by us with the water pitcher a couple of times got to be some serious torture, but to their credit they apologized for it when they realized it.

But a couple snags aside this really is an intimate and inexpensive BYOB in West Philly. and Laotian food is pretty delicious.
Got delivery from  Uber eats from Vientiane tonight. The city is shut down this thanksgiving eve, so it was so comforting to get delivery from this consistent restaurant and eat such delicious food. I had the Penang curry with chicken and sticky rice.. silky, peanut-y, spicy...I ordered a combination so it came with the vegetarian naam salad. So delicious! My kid ordered the Kings soup with tofu. So tasty and comforting! Try this place! They've been putting out delicious, consistent food since 2000 when they were a secret restaurant just two streets over from me. They always deliver great food!
Vientiane is another of several restaurants that was popular among my classmates when I was in college that I never got around to trying. So of course it's another restaurant that my partner was very interested in, so we recently made it one of our pandemic dinner takeout selections. The menu is quite extensive and vegetarian-friendly, and we both liked our entrees so much that this is definitely being added to our list of West philly restaurants to return to.

I decided to go with a Laotian dish that I was unfamiliar with, Lad Na with tofu, while my partner went with one of his Thai favorites, Pad Kee Mao (also with tofu). While the containers were the same and looked similarly filled, the La Na is a MUCH bigger portion, even the half portion I ate was quite generous. And so good! The rice noodles were kind of sticking together, but still tasted great, the tofu was perfect- fried just to the point of creating that perfect crisp edge without being TOO fried - the brocolli greens were a good complement, and the sauce was spicy and flavorful. I was worried it might be too sweet but it wasn't at all. 

My partner really liked his Pad Kee Mao too, and was able to finish the smaller portion in a single sitting. While the prices are a bit higher than we're used to, the quality and portions make them quite reasonable (even without considering the Baltimore Ave markup). Looking forward to trying something new next time!
We stopped in here for a weeknight dinner, and were pleasantly surprised.   It's BYOB (wish we had planned ahead).  My husband's Pad Kee Mao was tasty (leads us to believe they do Thai classics well), but we both agreed that the real star of the meal was the Vegetarian Nam Salad - a sticky marinated rice with a bunch of toppings served with lettuce wraps.  The flavors in this dish were exquisite and unique.
This restaurant is not a place I take dates. Why? I just shovel everything put in front of me into my mouth, as though I have five minutes to live. 

Alright. If you need seating for more than two, you may have to wait. The restaurant is small and you may be nearly sitting on top of the table next to you. 

I'm obsessed with their pad thai. Vegetables are always of perfect consistency. Their vegetable coconut soup is awesome. I've tried eating other things but really... no sense in toying with perfection. 

I've had the distinct pleasure of eating here with the below yelper Marissa B and she's not joking about the mango sticky rice OR this place haunting you from the other side of the country. Their thai ice tea is worth drowning in.
Me and my boyfriend have been two times.  We've walked/drove by here dozens of times but it wasn't until University City restaurant week that we went here (it was one of the participating restaurants) and we were curious.  

To be honest, I would have never gone in here judging by the outside.  But I'm glad I did.  The food is very reasonably priced and also good the both times we have been there.  The menu is also very friendly to vegetarians.  
 
Please note that unless a place is designed to be some type of entertainment centered place, I generally don't rate based on anything else except food.  Other people seem to really like this place besides it's a sort of neighborhood joint but I didn't take this into account (since I'm new around here).
What a surprise!

We ordered take out through UberEATS and it was definitely a good choice!

I hadn't ever tried Laotian cuisine before so I was on the fence about ordering in for my first experience. I usually like to go and do a sit down meal when trying new cuisines so I have a chance to ask questions before making a decision. 

In any case, I threw caution to the wind (I know - really wild over here) and ordered away and it was definitely worth the risk! I got the Vegetarian Nam Salad consisting of marinated rice, coconut flakes, mint, scallions, parsley, lime leaves, and chili - served with lettuce wraps! My friend ordered the King's soup - vermicelli noodles with bean sprouts, shredded lettuce, carrots, mint, cilantro, scallions in a red curry coconut broth. Both were delicious and very flavorful! The dishes weren't overly spicy but they definitely had a kick (which I enjoyed). I enjoyed the different taste profiles, especially the coconut in the salad - sweet but not too sweet!

The servings were ample, and I'm glad we were able to share and taste each other's meals - able to understand the menu a bit better this way. I also appreciated that the menu has a lot vegetarian friendly options (which is a always a hit or miss with Asian restaurants) so I'm looking forward in trying other dishes in the future. 

Pricing was also fair, and I think overall we made out like bandits - paying less than what I think the food probably deserves given how well everything was prepared!

Definitely will be back!
going here on a triple dinner date was quite nice on this nice spring-like night and i believe we got the only large table that could fit us all! it is a small place, so come early. it gets crowded fast due to the good food and cheap prices.

there are plenty of veggie options and they do offer fish and meat for us carnivores like myself. yay!  but bring cash! cash only here. also, this place is byob. i started out with the thai tea. yums. the fresh spring rolls were just that, fresh! the veggie dumplings are delicious. whether you get sticky rice with sauteed lemongrass, shallots, and chicken or if you get curry soup and jasmine rice, there is sure to be something on this menu to please every mouth!

the meal ended with fried banana with honey. of course, i was the only one that got dessert. the smallest girl at the table, but i always leave room for dessert! it's how i roll.
My sister declared this her favorite restaurant in Phila, so I offered to take her here for dinner last night.  However, it should be noted that they dp not take credit cards (that was all I had on me) and so my sister took me out do dinner instead.  (A wonderful trick to pull if you are going with someone who is obligated to love you no matter what.)  But even though she had to pay, our dinner (apps to entrees to dessert to yum iced tea) was under 40 bucks.  Pretty awesome.

I'm a relative noob when it comes to Thai food and have never had Laotian, so I usually stick with shrimp pad thai.  So I've had my share of shrimp pad thai.  And this ranks up there with the best I've ever had.  Yum yum yum.  Sis got the red curry and it was like a sweet, spicy soup with lots of veg and chicken in it.  The spring rolls we split for an app were so tasty, light and fresh.  I tried the thai iced tea and I was scared it would be too sweet, but it was pretty close to a perfect compliment to my meal.  I ordered the rice pudding for dessert, expecting normal rice pudding, but it came in 4 little warm cups and was anything but normal, but decidedly delicious.  We were stuffed to the brim with delicious dinner.  (No sense in leaving too little to take home on your plate, of course.)

As for the service, it was above average.  Our waters were refilled, the food came out quickly, but it did take a while to flag down the waitress for the check.  Not a big deal at all, just us being in a hurry to get out the door to answer the call of nature ;)  

So go here.  It's a cheap, delicious, cozy restaurant.
I've only been once, and it was fine but not enough to bring me back.  It was recommended by several people.  I've heard it described as Laotian-Thai.  I haven't eaten Laotian food anywhere else, but I've eaten a LOT of Thai food.  This place wasn't very exciting.  Maybe because I don't know from Laotian cuisine and didn't know what to order.  I LOVE green papaya salad, but theirs was just meh.  The other entrees were adequate--not bad at all.  You could do worse.
2.5 stars. 

The truth is that this place is no better than the string of other mediocre Thai restaurants in West Philly (ie, Lemon Grass, Pattaya, etc).

I started with the Thai Coconut Soup. It wasn't bad, but it lacked the subtle tartness that makes good Tom Kha good. 

I always judge a Thai place based on the quality of their curries--a fundamental aspect of Thai cuisine. I ordered the Green Curry, and it can be described as a few carrots and broccoli stems floating around in a soup of watered down coconut milk. 

With tax and tip my bill was $18, and I don't see any reason to go back. As my friend said at the end of our meal: "The search for a half decent Thai restaurant in Philly continues."
It was University City Dining Days and time to head to Vientiane Café.  Vientiane Café is named after the capital and largest city in Laos and it is a fantastic Laotian restaurant.  It also serves northern Thai food as the two cuisines can be very related.

Café Vientiane began life as a word-of-mouth unlicensed speakeasy restaurant in University City before more than ten years ago getting licensed and moving to its current location on Baltimore Avenue.  In fact it has expanded into the building next door.  The staff are always accommodating and friendly and the dining room has an airy attractiveness about it.  But it's the food that takes center stage here.

Tam som is Laos's famous green papaya salad which has also entered the cuisines of the other southeast Asian countries.  (In Thailand, you reverse the word order and call the dish som tam.)  Vientiane Cafe's version is awesome.  I could eat this every day of the week.  The Laotian main course of Pad Kee Mao or more popularly named "Drunken Noodles" was just as excellent.  So many different flavors melding together to produce a symphony of tastiness.  Capping off the meal was a coconut rice pudding.

This was the best Asian meal I have had this year anywhere.  Def two (or twenty) thumbs up!
Don't let the outside fool you-this place is much cuter and nicer inside than you would expect! 

Food is good and reasonably  priced. We ordered papaya salad, triple flavor duck, and king tofu soup. Papaya salad is always refreshing, but this place overdoes it on the fish sauce. Anything triple flavor is always a safe but delicious choice. I would say their king soup, with choice of protein, is a winner. 

And also, BYO!
Deciding to come to the Vientiane Cafe, a Laotian/Thai restaurant, was a pretty easy choice after hearing a positive review about it from a friend. The only difficult part to getting out here would be convincing my other friends that it would be worth the short trek from Penn's campus. Always looking to explore affordable options outside of Penn's standard offerings, I finally got a small group to come out to try the place on a slow weekend.

The Vientiane has a small storefront located along a row of other randomly put-together offerings, including a record store and a Chinese take-out restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, there was a sense of warmth and community as the waiters and kitchen hummed along and the diners happily focused on their food and conversation. Stepping in from the chilly walk and the proximity of the other tables certainly helped set the mood too.

Luckily for us, we came just in time to snag the last available table. Promptly after we arrived, a small line began to form outside. As a side note, it's probably better to come a bit earlier for dinner because the restaurant only has seating for about 20-25 people.

The prices for entrees, about $8-$12 for most items, were in-line with what I was expecting and were pretty well-sized. We tried to order more Laos-influenced and less commonplace Thai dishes. We ended up sharing 4 entrees--homemade sausage, laab, sweet basil with chicken, and a pineapple fried rice--and stick rice, figuratively the "glue" to this meal as it absorbed the delicious sauce. The sticky rice came in these cool, little Laotian rice baskets which were used for steaming the rice. I'm sure the rice baskets are commonplace, but I was really excited to see them (*note to self: must get out more).

After the meal, we were all quite satiated and satisfied with our meal, including the bill, which came to roughly $15 per person (all-inclusive).
For my first foray into Laotian cuisine, I was happy with the experience. Compared to other Asian cuisines, there was greater use of mint, cilantro and spices to bring out the flavor in the meat dishes. My favorite was the laab dish, a warm minced meat salad served with chilis and mint. It is allegedly  also the unofficial national dish of Laos (I'm always amused where Wikipedia sources their information when there are no footnotes).

I would definitely come back for a lunch or dinner with a small group of friends.
Have gone here several times with my girlfriend, as well as once for a big birthday party. For the price the food is terrific - but I'd say that anyone who makes a special trip from outside the neighborhood might be left scratching their head about Vientiane.

If you live nearby, or find yourself outside, this restaurant and are hungry you honestly could not do better.

Don't forget two things before going: it's BYOB and it's cash only. There's an ATM in the corner deli if you ever end up short of money and the closest wine and spirits store is at 49th and Baltimore.
Great Low key BYOB to go for a variety of food options. You can pho it up with some soup and spring rolls, or you can get some chicken tofu, or seafood over a bed of fried rice with plenty of veggies. Not bad by my book.

The veggie spring rolls I picked up weren't anything special. Vietnam Cafe definitely has better, and ones at Vientiane were pretty similar to the generic ones you can find in many stores over. But the mad pineapple fried rice with seafood that I picked up was fantastic! the shrimp, crab, squid, and scallops that it came with were cooked to perfection, and the pineapple provided just enough citrus to add on some extra flavor.

Definitely bring cash since it doesn't take credit. My friend made the mistake and it resulted in us waiting a little longer than most to resolve the check. bummer. and now that Summer's in the air they have outdoor seating!
The difference between Thai and Laotian cuisine is damned if I know.  It is a fairly safe bet that if you like one, you'll like the other.

All of the curries here are very tasty.  The Shrimp sweet basil is very good and so is the triple-flavor red snapper.  I also have to hand it to this place for making my favorite thai iced tea in Philly.  It is like the tea leaves, condensed milk, and sugar had formed an unholy alliance with the devil so that they could climb to the top of the thai iced tea game.  It is very sweet and very tea-y.  ? Whatever.

Anyhow, the place has a pretty ambiance and the service has always been stupendous.  On top of all this, it is a BYOB.  It is a great place.
I'll let you in on a little secret: order the Aw Lao. Holy crap, it is knock-your-socks-off delicious! A punch in the teeth of flavour, this giant, steaming bowl of complex lemongrass broth with veggies and meat will make you want to never eat anything else. I didn't order it, my companion did, and I had the most serious case of ordering envy I've ever experienced. I stole quite a few bites/slurps.

My pad kee mao was pretty good, ordered at a level 5 spicy and it was hot, but not unbearable. Then again, I might have iron tastebuds. The portion was ample but it and the chicken satay were both overpriced, the satay egregiously-so. 4 tiny pieces of chicken for $7, maybe half a chicken breast worth of chicken. It was tasty, but not such a good value.

Service was good and I was happy with the meal overall.
We got the fresh spring rolls which were okay - the noodles were a bit overcooked and they weren't vermicelli, but the mint was so fresh. Got the Panang curry (level 3 spice) with tofu and the pad Kee Mao (level 2 spice) with tofu. Very spicy at level 3 but still incredibly rich and incredible. Loved the veggies in both dishes. Expensive for what you get - be sure to ask for sticky rice because they won't ask you! Good flavors but over priced.
Had lunch at Vientiane Cafe.  Unfortunately, it wasn't any better than I'd remembered it.

Past experience with Vientiane Cafe indicates that one shouldn't order meat here. All the meat I've seen here has been overcooked. 

I ordered an eggplant veggie dish, which was poorly executed. The texture of the eggplant was not great -- it wasn't cooked well. The dish was edible but not very tasty. Disappointing.
Pretty OK place, but very high likelihood of not returning.  The entrees are a huge rip off for what you are paying.  You're essentially paying for a platter of sautéed miscellaneous vegetables, whether it be bell peppers, carrots, broccoli, or whatever they feel like putting in.  As for meat... imagine one small tenderloin cut into pieces.  That's $15 and the portion is on the small side.  Also extremely stingy wit the rice at the comical level. The flavor is pretty good, but not good enough to compensate for all the other shortcomings.

Menu description also doesn't match what's served, they also admit that in fine print which kinda validates my statement, "...whatever they feel like putting in."

I got the ginger chicken which has onions and carrots. I said no carrots, assuming it would be chicken and I onions stir fried.  Nope there all these bell peppers and random crap that they did not list and I most certainly did not ask for.  I assuming you've guess I also do not like bell peppers...  :p. Dinner should not have to be spent tweezing out stuff you didn't ask for with your chopsticks.

I don't know anyone that does that... oh here's a cute sweater that's pink and cashmere.  We'll stitch in some glitter and Mardi Gras beads if we feel like it. Doh!
Let me just update this review because I've had a new experience with this Heavenly Eden. 

I had these lovely people and gifted cooks cater an event of mine. Not only were they ridiculously affordable AND generous with their portions -- huge trays of individually cupped mango sticky rice for 40 people, with extra "sauce" and a good amount of mango topping each one -- but they were so nice about everything! Incredibly helpful, lovely people (who give you free chopsticks and more!

I picked summer rolls, two entrees (one of which came with rice without me even having to ask for it), and a big dessert. Yum! The food was just as fantastic as it was in-house!
Look no further, Vientiane is here! Every time I'm craving thai food, Vientiane is the first thing that comes to my mind. I've been here about numerous times over the last few years and it always hit the right spot. Love everything I've tried here and can't wait to go back to this West Philly gem.

Pros:
- BYOB!!! Need I say more? 
- Great service! The wait staff gives great recommendations and is always accommodating 
- Almost every dish has a Vegetarian/gluten-free options 
- Good ratio of protein to vegetables to grains for each dish
- Tofu here out of this world! I actually prefer it over meat options 
- Great place for lunch, dinner dates or small group gatherings  

Must eats - 
King soup - enough for two! but you might not want to share, I didn't haha
Tamarind wings 
Chicken Satay 
Anything Curry! 
Aw Lao 
Papaya salad 

Tips: 
- cash only :( 
- Fall/early winter 3 course special $20 only on Weekdays 5-6:30pm
- Call-ahead on weekend
This is probably the best Thai food I've had, ever. That might not be saying much, since I've only tried a handful of places, but from my two experiences dining here, there really isn't much I would've done differently. The first time, I got the Pad Kee Mao (due to a fellow Yelper's raving on how it took her a year to stop ordering it!) and I almost had to fight off my boyfriend's prying fork off my plate. The tofu was perfectly cooked, the noodles were fantastic in texture and taste, and the vegetables fresh and abundant. I had a few bites of the boyfriend's panaeng curry, which was also quite the delight-- perfectly creamy and peanut buttery, with an extra kick of something I've never been able to replicate in cooking at home since (and I've tried). The second time, I went with a friend at around 9:30, and for some strange reason the place was packed. Our 20-minute wait was worth it though, and my Eggplant sweet basil didn't disappoint. The rice was a little too greasy for my tastes, but the eggplant was delicious and satisfying. 

As for the appetizers, I've tried the fresh Spring rolls and the deep-fried tofu. The Spring rolls themselves were just okay-- the filling couldn't been better.  However, the 2 dipping sauces more than made up for the rolls' ho-humness with their very different, yet complimentary, flavors. The fried tofu was deeeeelicious, but probably not something to which I'd subject my heart every time.  I still really want to try the veggie dumplings (if anyone has, shoot me a message!)

The place is BYOB, but with all that food I found water was plenty. The service is fast and friendly, and the interior is cute (bonus: magazines by the window sills while you're waiting...I caught up on some interior decorating fluff via Domino).

Can't believe I've waited so long to go here. Lemon Grass is closer, but (no offense) only a tenth as good.  With the average dish under $10 and lots of vegetarian options, I'm sure this restaurant will be receiving more of my had-earned cash in the year to come!
This is one of my favorite restaurants not only in West Philly but in all of Philly. They have a great lunch special where you get soup, an appetizer, and an entree for about $9. 

The Pad Thai and fresh spring rolls are excellent. I also recommend any of the curry dishes with tofu. The pho was a little lackluster but I chalk that up to the vegetarian broth. Portions are large, so I normally have to bring half home. 

They have nice outdoor seating in the summer. There's also a free city parking lot right around the corner if you can't take Septa. (The 34 trolley line runs right in front of the cafe).
I have eaten here a few times and it's consistently been great.
Just about every thing has a vegetarian option, which is great, and it's always nice and tasty.
The best thing to do is go in a group of 3 or more, each get different things and then share it all. It's great for new-comers to the neighborhood who are tight on cash. You get a great meal for a great price.
Their hours can be kooky and the place is really small, so make sure you investigate before you decide to go. I've gone a few times and not been able to get a table or found out that they're closed.

Oh! Definitely don't venture from the norm on the drinks. Some of the drinks they offer are, well, terrible. It's BYOB, though, so just bring some good wine and enjoy!
This place is great! We have ordered catering from here twice, and they haven't disappointed yet; they arrive on time with lots of trays of food. We have a lot of vegetarians, and their tofu and noodle dishes are very popular. Their ingredients are very fresh, and they always give us lots of limes to go with our catering. You should definitely consider thinking outside of the box and get your next event catered by them.
Vientiane is cute and casual little neighborhood BYOB self-described as Laotian. I'm a big fan of the pad thai, which is rich in flavor and served with still-crunchy broccoli and carrots, and you can't really go wrong with an appetizer of fresh spring rolls or edamame. Most of the food is just OK, but there are a handful of really excellent dishes.

If you're planning to go, make sure to bring cash, because they don't take credit cards and have no ATM inside. They also do take reservations, so keep that in mind, as they do fill up on Friday and Saturday nights.
One of my favorite restaurants because they don't hold back on the flavor.  It's authentic laos food, not watered down dishes.  I love love love the papaya salad and order it with the crab sauce.  There are pieces of crab shell in the dish; that's the real deal.  My second favorite is the rice salad, perfect blend of sour and sweetness.  The laab is better when it's spicy.  You must order sticky rice to compliment these dishes and eat it with your hands. 

I noticed the restaurant expanded and the decor has been updated.  I was happy they didn't change the menu.  Keep it tasty.  Keep it real.
Living around the corner from Vientiane was the greatest thing I ever did in West Philly.  Now that I'm out in the mountains, I regret not taking advantage of it more than I did.

Let's look at the cons, first:
They're small.  Kinda stuffy in the summer.  Fills up quick.  Waiting for a table outside during the winter sucks.  Inconsistent interpretations of their heat scale (I've had mild-medium that was a 5 alarm fire in my mouth, i've had medium that was just right.  I dunno, just guess.) 

But the pros, oh, the pros.
Their fresh spring rolls. Squishy and chewy and full of mint and unicorns.  Maybe not really unicorns, but probably.  Actually better vegetarian than they are with meat.  Shrimp?  Whatever.  Get the tofu.

The soups.  Huge, unfinishable, delicious.  Just enough kick to warrant ordering 9 billion thai iced teas.  (did you know that you can get thai iced take as takeout?  I totally learned that here.)

My main course, every. Single. Time: Chicken Laarb.  I have never, in years of thai food, found another place that does laarb the way Vientiane does laarb.  Everywhere else, it's a weird vinegar-y appetizer salad thing, too sweet, kinda gross.  Here?  God, I don't know what they do here.  It's full of fish sauce and cilantro and lemongrass and scallions and magic fairy dust or something.  I would eat this for my last meal on earth.  Actually, I would eat the leftovers for my last night on earth.  (It's 100x better after it's been marinating in itself in the fridge overnight, and it's pretty damn perfect when it comes out of the kitchen.)

Dessert: does it even matter? Mango sticky rice, deep fried bananas, ice cream, who cares, it's gonna be delicious.

I fly 2000 miles for this meal every 6 months.  Not even kidding.
Cozy little BYOB with limited seating, so get there early.  The food was great, I had the penang(sp?) curry and everyone else got the pad thai.  The curry was the best I've ever had, the pad thai was excellent, but I've had better.  We visited for dining days so we all got a desert too, all of them were excellent, especially the banana and chocolate spring roll.  The prices on the menu were very cheap considering the portion size and quality.  Would definitely recommend if you're in the area and you can go to dock street first and grab some beer for your meal.
Hands down, one of my favorite places to eat in West Philly, and beyond. I've lived in the neighborhood for almost five years, and have been here several times.  

The service: Very friendly, thorough, and fast. 

The prices: Reasonable, though it has increased a little over the years. They also offer a lunch special - which includes an appetizer (love the fresh spring rolls), soup (LOVE the coconut soup), and entree (I frequent the curries with vegetables or shrimp) for a set price (comparable to the cost of just an entree at dinner) depending on your choice protein (tofu, chicken, shrimp, duck, and more). 

Other things to keep in mind: BYOB, cash only, they close between 3-5pm, and very allergy-friendly.  Gluten-free folks, you will have many options and the servers know what's up.

Great dishes: Yum Salad (a little spicy), Penang Curry (nice and peanut-y), Sweet Basil or Ginger Sauce entrees (really fresh flavors). 

Also, of note, they serve the most delicious coconut ice cream in a coconut shell. with strawberries.
I must have ordered the wrong dish (and my sis in law must have, too) because I did not enjoy my meal at all. 

I ordered beef thai basil. My experience with thai basil dishes is that they, at the very least, have some miggyfiggy thai basil in them. This bowl of soupy veggies did not have a hint or trace of anything resembling thai basil. Literally. None. Not like, "oh man, i love thai basil i sure wish they put more of it in here!" It was just completely absent from the dish.

This place also doesn't take cards. I totally get that lots of little cafes in West Philly don't take cards. It's inconvenient and I hate it but I get that when most of your transactions are $1.75 cups of coffee, accepting debit and credit is not a necessity. But when the average dish on your menu is $10+ being cash only is ridiculous to me. 

I just don't see why I'd ever return. meh
thai/laotian food. i don't really know what laotian food consists of, but my thai dish was pretty good. i got the red curry and although it wasn't spicy enough to my liking (it rarely is at thai restaurants), i still enjoyed it. the curry came in a bowl that was uniquely decorated, kinda cool in and of itself. the outside of the restaurant is decorated with all these loud colors, but inside, the place is dimly lit and has a kind of cozy feeling to it. definitely makes a good date location.
Delicious. So delicious. Why do they not have a sign anywhere that says CASH ONLY? We definitely had to send my brother out to get cash when the bill came. Embarrassing.

I had the Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) which were delicious. Though the menu said they'd be spicy, and they didn't even have a slow burn thing going on. Next time, I would get it spicier. Lots of beef in it though, they definitely did not skimp on that.

My parents both ate Pad Thai and loved it. I snagged a bite of my mom's Chicken Pad Thai and it was pretty yummy. I prefer greasy spicy noodles though.

The desserts here are so so good. A bit overpriced maybe ($6 a piece), but delicious. I had the sticky mango rice, my mother ate the chocolate banana egg roll, my brother had the banana tempura. All yummy.  My dad clearly made the right choice when he ordered the coconut ice cream. It came in half a coconut and there was SO MUCH ICE CREAM. I dont' know if they make it on location, or if they get it elsewhere, but I could definitely eat it every day.

I'm going to drag my brother here for the rest of the time he's at UPenn. I'm into it.
Dinner here was great until the very end, but my opinion was definitely soured by being informed "we do not accept credit cards" only after I went to pay with a credit card. I checked the doorway on the way out - nope, no sign. There was nothing on the check to indicate they were cash-only, I don't remember seeing it listed on the menu (and I look for these things!) While dinner was delicious, that is a customer service fail that left me less-than-impressed. 

Up to that point, though, I very much enjoyed my dinner here. We started by sharing an order of spring rolls, two large rolls were served cut in half which was a nice portion for sharing. The peanut sauce they are served with is delicious! I had the panang curry -always delicious, although not anything particularly innovative. My friends had the pineapple fried rice (I had a taste - again, good but nothing mind-blowing) and sweet basil chicken (this is something I had never tasted before - yum!). Portion sizes were generous and the prices are reasonable. Service was OK - there was a long wait between appetizer and entrees, and for a while our water glasses were very neglected. 

They would have gotten 4 stars had it not been for their poor advertising of the cash-only policy. If you like Thai food they're worth a visit, just make sure to hit up the ATM before you head in!
Excellent food, though if you can't handle spicy, do proceed with caution. I chose a Laotian dish was quite unique--very different from Thai. Mines was spicy but not red spicy; rather, the "Aw Laos" dish was flavourful with dill and other veggies in a beautiful stewlike concoction. Comes with sticky rice. Definitely recommend this particular Laotian dish. Desserts were nothing too spectactular--fellow diners ordered mango with sticky rice and a coconut-agar dessert. No wows but a complacent recognition by my friends. Atmosphere is nice, for date or with group of friends. Worth checking out. Seems a reliable staple in this part of the woods. Food did take a while but service was friendly. Overall, B experience.
Having lived in both Laos and Thailand for years, I can say that I know the genuine cuisines of those countries and hold little tolerance for establishments which cut corners or pass bogus dishes off as the real deal. Whenever I encounter a "Lao" restaurant in a foreign city, my first reaction is one of skepticism. Some of the critical reviews of Vientiane Cafe made me pause before deciding to give it a try. And I'm glad I did.

My family members and I ordered only Lao dishes, so I can't comment on the quality of their Thai offerings. The Lao staple dish is laab - delicately spiced ground meat served with sticky rice. My pork laab was excellent. I savored every bite. I therefore highly recommended it. My wife's aw lao - a kind of stew with veggies and meat or tofu - was also authentically spiced and delicious. Our daughter ordered King soup - a coconut milk-based noodle soup. It was exquisite. As a side dish, we had the papaya salad (Thai style), which also did not disappoint. Finally, for dessert, we had sticky rice with mango topped with coconut creme - it was to die for!

Contrary to some reviews, we found the service to be quick and friendly. The owner, a gracious elderly woman, spent time chatting with us and wanting to know how we found the food. Portions were ample and attractively displayed. I realize that restaurants occasionally slip on food quality and service due to the usual chef being absent, or a shortage of serving staff, which can account for some customers dissatisfaction. This certainly was not the case for us.

I therefore wholeheartedly endorse the food and service at Vientiane Cafe. I wouldn't hesitate to return.
Thanks to Vientiane Cafe, my eternal craving for mango sticky rice is finally satisfied! I had been looking for sweet sticky rice with mango at quite a few Thai restaurants, but the closest one I could find before I found Vientiane Cafe was Erawan, which is quite a distance away. The mango sticky rice was perfect; the coconut milk sweetened the sticky rice just enough and complemented the slightly tart mango slices perfectly. The sticky rice was warm and cooked perfectly--not too hard or too mushy.

I also have tried Vientiane Cafe's papaya salad with anchovy sauce, as well as its sweet basil tofu dish. I liked them both equally. The papaya salad tasted different from papaya salads I've tried at other restaurants, but it was a good kind of different. The sweet basil tofu dish was flavorful. I expected there to be a ton of basil in the dish, but there actually were not very many basil leaves on my plate. I wouldn't mind more basil to be honest since I love basil, but I can see how having too many basil leaves could overpower the dish. Overall, I enjoyed my lunch here, although I probably would not come back when I'm pressed on time since the service is on the slower side.
I have mixed feelings about Vientiane Cafe.  I like the neighborhoodiness of it.  And the food is alright, I've had some really good, nothing ever down-right bad, but mostly alright fare here.  The menu seems basically straightforward Thai, with some exceptions... which was a bummer to find after walking in the first time thinking Laos... even though there's overlap.

I get the impression that the whole operation is afloat by a shoe-string... which is sad.  I hope it all gets sorted.
This used to be my hood. I moved to center city, but when I am craving yummy fresh lao and vietnamese here is where I go.

The sticky rice is amazing. The service and wait can be mediocre, but its worth it. 

They do not accept cash, but there is an atm arround the corner in the corner store. There is a municpal lot right behind it too! BYOB as well!
PROS: Light, medium-portioned dishes that leave you satisfied (not bloated)
CONS: Stuffy & simple dining space, mediocre service

Vientiane Cafe is cheap for the quality of food you receive! The steamed dumplings were more like veggie raviolis and the sweet and sour tilapia was a bit too sweet (albeit the fish itself was moist and cooked to crispy perfection). Overall, the dishes are not mind-blowingly good, but they won't break the bank either! Worth a visit. BYOB!
This is our favorite asian restaurant in Philadelphia. They have wonderful Laotian and Thai food. The people are always friendly and the food is always fresh and so full of flavor that we just keep coming back. We have tried various things on the menu and everything is excellent. Try them you will not be disappointed.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: this evening with a friend 
- Frequency: first time! 
- Next visit? would definitely return

FOODRINK:
- Green Papaya Salad: friend described it similar to kimchi. I half-agree. The spice level can be adjusted from mild to spicy (1-5) we did medium (3) and that was really spicy. In addition to the spice level, the style can be modified as well, whether it's gonna be Thai style or Lao style etc. We chose the Lao style. After taste burns were real. Had to take breaks in between and typically I am really good with spicy food. Pleasant surprise!  
- Homemade Lao Sausages (Sai-gawk): roasted chili garlic sauce is awesome! Idk what the other orange sauce was but it was the perfect amount of sweet. The lao sausage was perfectly seasoned. The lemongrass and the kaffir lime leaves really did their magic with the sausage and idk how they were cooked but all the grease & fat were minimal. On the side was sad and mundane pieces of broccoli and carrots just so that the dish could say it had a side of vegetables.
- Sticky Rice: served in the cutest little roundware! Cooked and delivered perfectly. 
- Pad Keep Mao with Tofu: eh. It was aight. 
- Mango Sticky Rice: mango was perfect ripe. The creamy and warm rice with the mango slices. NOMZ.

VIBE: 
- Feels authentic 
- People kept coming in throughout our entire stay so it must be really popular 
- A lot of Buddha structures and decorations 
- We were able to order from different waitresses, whoever was available. 
- Wait time for food arrival: 6 min 4 sec (for appetizer) 18 min 32 sec (for entree) 12 min 31 sc (for dessert)
- Wait time for check arrival: arrived very shortly after dessert without asking

**TIPS**
- BYOB 
- ca$$h only
Vientiane is a cozy little place that's BYOB, with friendly service and a solid selection of Laotian-Thai staples--e.g. curries, pad thai, laab (or larb, depending on where you're from) etc.  No more, no less.  Truthfully, for the price I paid for dinner, I expected the dishes to have a bit more "wow" factor.  But do take note that I am from California and I tend to judge food by Bay Area standards.   I will be back for lunch here and there, but I will look elsewhere if I wanted something spectacular.
Bring Cash!
First time having Laotian food, and I love it. This has quickly shot up to one of my go-tos, because of its location near University city, and its absolutely delicious array of food. I had the Sticky Tamarind and the Penaeng Curry, and both were super delicious. Not only does Vientiane provide great food, but it also has so many gluten free and vegan options. Definitely recommend for anyone living nearby.
Ate at Vientiane for UCity Restaurant Week and was disappointed - the appetizers were good but the entrees (pad thai and paneng curry) were tasteless and boring. The dessert I had (can't remember what it was) was absolutely disgusting.

After reading all the positive yelp reviews, we went back last night to give it a second chance. Thai iced teas were great. The crispy pork spring rolls were delicious, with a great pork flavor (though the crispy spring rolls at Vietnam Cafe are similar and much better). The grilled mixed vegetables with peanut sauce were bland, but the peanut sauce was excellent. I bet the chicken satay is good.  

We were really thinking that we were in for a good dinner until the entrees came. Not only did it take FOREVER for our entrees to come, but they were terrible! We got the pad thai (again, to see if it would be better), but it was exactly the same: bland. Pad Thai is supposed to burst with the flavors of tamarind, fish sauce, bean sprouts, and peanuts. This didn't burst at all.  After reading great things about the crazy pineapple fried rice, I went for it, but it was bad too: the pineapple was absolutely delicious, but didn't go well with the flavor of the fried rice, which was bland and vaguely unpleasant.

We paid $50 with tip for 2 entrees, 2 appetizers, and 2 thai iced teas. 

As we left, I suggested we only come here again for appetizers. We decided to just not come again.

Make the trek out to Silk Cuisine in Bryn Mawr! Best Thai in the area, hands down.
This is tied (with Sabrina's and Pico de Gallo and Le Bus' sandwiches) for my favorite food in Philly. As in, I have my birthdays here so I can eat all their desserts at once with a valid excuse. 

So food: I started off ordering whatever sounded funny to say out loud. La Na -- amazing dish, even better cold the next day! All their egg noodle dishes are especially delicious, though it's hard to outshine their Penang curry. Also, appetizers, wow. So fresh -- the veggies the sauces! And then...dessert. Best mango sticky rice ever. Best rice pudding. Chocolate banana spring rolls. Truly fantastic. (Also BYOB, with no corking fees!)

The spot itself is a bit out of the way for me, but there's a lot nearby, and it's not so bad a walk from CC in the end. Inside, it's cute, quaint and often packed, especially on weekends -- and they don't take reservations for parties fewer than 6. Final warning: cash only.
HEY LoOK HERE!!!! 

Please take the time to listen.  3 stars is just what it says A-OK which this place really is.  It's very clean and the service was great.  However I felt the portions were small.  You must understand I am a big eater I love to pretty much stuff my stomach until its full before the food even settles.  So.. If you are a normal eater the portions will be great however if you like to eat so fast and fall in love with every bite just order an appetizer and you will be fine.  Go ahead try it out, it's the only way you'll know.  Pad Thai is always a safe bet if you are unsure. Trust me.
I love this cute little BYOB with Thai and Laotian dishes that pack a nice, flavorful punch.  We were here for UC Dining Days and the dishes were great.  I had the chicken satay app with the red curry chicken, and found both to be very good.  The satay was juicy and flavorful with a great peanut dipping sauce, and the curry was very solid although it wasn't very spicy.  I also had a few bites of the triple flavor tilapia in the sweet and sour sauce, and really like the crispy, pan-seared fillet combined with the garlicky sauce.  Will definitely have to get this next time.  Most restaurants like to fry the fillet when they make a sweet and sour dish but pan searing actually brings out the flavor more and gives that delicious crispy exterior without killing your arteries.  We finished off with the mango sticky rice and coconut rice pudding.  While the mango sticky rice was very good, I liked the coconut rice pudding more because I love all things coconut and this was a delicious coconut-based concoction.  If you are in the area this week, and need to grab a bite, definitely stop in for the $15 dining days special.  It's a great deal and the food is very good.  They also have homemade beef jerky at $6/order, which I couldn't resist getting to-go; while it wasn't as fantastic as my aunt's homemade jerky, the meat was very well-marinated and flavorful and great paired with the accompanying chili paste.  The ambiance is very cozy and the unique curry soup bowls add a nice touch.  Service was friendly but we did have to ask for water refills a few times.
One my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia. They always have plenty of customers and for good reason. Their food is authentic and addictive. The vegetarian papaya salad is just perfection(warning can get extremely spicy so tell them to keep it at 2 out of 5 spice level). Their curries, from red to panang, are all excellent. The flavors are not to be beaten. I also love their homemade stuffed Lao sausages. I dont even live in Philadelphia and have eaten here about 4 times in the past two months. Go here.
The warm weather inspired a byob food adventure into an array of flavors and ingredients, familiar and foreign. It was my first time eating Laotian food, but it resembles Thai, so we were able to work out tasty dishes to try with the help of our super helpful and friendly server! We had six dishes and two desserts among us and rolled out satisfied and stuffed!!

**Cash only
Over the past few years, Vientiane has remained one of my go-to BYO choices in Philadelphia. 

The food here is so flavorful and always well-prepared. Some of my favorite dishes are: Vegetarian Naam Salad, Red Curry, Pad See Ew, and Pad Kee Mow. I don't know what they put in that salad but it's good. Really good. I first had it at the Baltimore Avenue Stroll for like $3 and now I have to order it every time I go to Vientiane. I've introduced it to a bunch of my friends too and they can't get enough. Definitely one of the underrated items on the menu. I'm all about the flavors and trust me, it doesn't get better than Vientiane. 

The only downsides are that it's cash only and usually pretty busy. Service can get slow when they are packed (which they usually are). However, these minor issues are signficantly outweighed by the benefits of the BYO, price, and food quality. I'll miss Vientiane for sure when I move out of Philly!
This place can be a bit snug on the on hours, but the wait and packed-ness is well worth it. The food is excellent, and it's not just excellent for being cheap; it's excellent, period. Though I might be mangling spellings here, the Bahn-Xeo appetizer is amazing, with or without accompanying sauces, while all the noodle dished -- particularly the Pad See-Ew and Lad Na -- are sizable and scrumptious. Plus, in my opinion, they taste even better cold the next day. On to the desserts, all of which are near incomparable. The mango sticky rice is faboo, though you can definitely get that same goods elsewhere. Try the spring rolls and/or rice pudding for something new and different.
i love the renovations!  the restaurant is now more spacious and seats more people.  lots of hits and misses here.  

love:  homemade sausage (well seasoned and great to share with a group); duck curry (this is the largest portion of duck that i have ever been served for a duck curry.  the meat is meaty and not overcooked), deep fried catfish (hit or miss, when done right it is crispy but not dried, when done wrong, it just tastes bad); the sticky rice that comes with your entree (served in a small bamboo container that keeps your rice warm and fresh).

meh:  paneang curry (i love peanut butter, but not peanut butter curry); cornish hen (looked and tasted like chicken than cornish hen).

the service is always spot on.  i love the family business feel and they are always accomodating to large parties.

overall, a good place to go with the family.
I have been following these people throughout the city for the last 10yrs.  They first operated out of their backyard under a blue tarp, served beer for 2 bucks, then was re-located to a wing shop by Drexel, and then was kicked out and moved back to their house but only secretly offering takeout from their house.  So I was quite happy to see that in the last few years they've been able to relocate to their own, cute BYO on Baltimore.

Although the food doesn't seem quite as good as the days it was operating out of their backyard, it's still pretty solid.  The green papaya salad is delicious (but has a lot of fish sauce if you are okay with that), the pad thai has thinner, less traditional pad thai noodles which I actually like better,  isn't greasy and very flavorful.
I am still craving these dishes weeks after trying them! I went with about 10 friends to celebrate a birthday last week. Because there were so many of us in our party, we were able to try so many items on the menu and ALL of them were outstanding! The dish I cannot stop thinking about: vegetarian naam salad. It will blow your mind. Tangy and sweet and crunchy and unbelievable. Another standout: King's Soup. Believe me when I tell you that it's the creamy coconut spicy soup you crave. The pad Thai is also not to be missed. 

The only reason I can't give this place five stars is because of how slow the service was. Granted, we were a large party...but the wait staff would sometimes disappear for 20-30 minutes at a time and it was over an hour and a half from the time I got there to the time I received my entree. 

BUT do not let the slow service stop you. Take advantage of its BYOB status and settle in with some nice wine and be patient for some very worth-the-wait dishes. 

We will absolutely be back!
Visited the Vientiane Cafe on Sat night. Nice little place in the heart of West Philly. My wife and I both ordered a appetizer of veggie steamed dumplings and Pad Thai. She ordered Tofu Pad Thai, I opted for the Shrimp Pad Thai. The dumplings were nicely cooked and the dipping sauce was excellent. The Pad Thai was very good. I thought the spice level was nice (I ordered a 2 out of 4 on the heat scale) and they definitely kicked it up a notch! The shrimp were good, but you have to peel as you go, and I'm not the biggest fan of that serving method. Nice portion size and quick service. Its also a BYOB, so thats a plus as well. The two down sides to the place is 1. Its a little run down inside, and its completely no frills and 2. Its a tight dining room. If you like some elbow room, this isn't your place. However, all in all, nice little Thai place. 3 stars. Recommended.
Another after work dinner night with my kids.

Sticky rice, sausage, bamboo soup, laad na and fried banana with chocolate drizzle. All of that food was all for me... lol. Thai ice tea to finish off my dinner. Got embarrassed that I was eating too much and had my food packed to go with extra sticky rice. Food was excellent. Service was great.
Vientiane Cafe is a terrific neighborhood gem gently nestled along a string of dive bars and fellow ethnic joints on Baltimore Ave.  We came here on the recommendation of a friend of mine while entertaining out of town guests in search of the classic Philadelphia BYO experience.  Armed with two bottles of wine, the six of us enjoyed a filling dinner of delicious and cheap Thai and Laotian food that satisfied our hunger and kept our wallet light.

I enjoyed the Lad Na with Beef, which is sort of like a Pad See Ew except with a slightly thinner sauce and more vegetables.  The broccoli was crisp, the beef was flavorful and juicy, and the noodles were done just right.  Everything in the dish worked perfectly together.  The BF and I also split a Nam Salad; some sort of lettuce wrap thing that tasted pretty good although I have no idea what the filling was (kind of reminded me of Bac-os?).  Not as good as the noodles in my opinion.

The service could have been slightly better (it took them forever to get us the wine glasses, although to their credit we were a large party and it was very crowded for the later side of a Friday night), but I was still very pleased with the food, ambiance, and overall value.  Definitely a place I would be happy to return to for a low-key dinner or even take out.  Also, at just under $20 per person with tax and tip included, it's extremely reasonable.  Do make sure you bring cash though.
Vientiane Cafe is a great spot for dinner, but even better for lunch. The dinner crowd is often a big one with long wait times, but lunch is usually quieter & you get your pick of tables. When it's nice out, sitting at one of the outside tables is lovely.
Their dinner prices are a bit high, though the food is good quality. Also, their crispy noodle salad is *technically* a salad because it has a sprinkling of scallions and a sprig of greenery, but mostly it's tasty sauce and little fried noodles. Not something to order if you're trying to be health-conscious.
Their lunch special is a moderately-priced three course meal, consisting of a soup, an appetizer, and the main course. Each category has several options. I prefer the coconut soup, which is creamy and tangy, with a nice assortment of veggies, though I'm not a fan of the peppers. The dumpling appetizer is not very good. Although the dipping sauce is just right, the dumplings are kind of chalky and bland. I suggest the fresh spring roll with strips of fried tofu and two dipping sauces instead. The entrees offered are mainly curry variants, as well as pad thai and a few other things. I enjoy their pad thai a lot, and it's good with beef and great with chicken. 
I'm giving them three stars due to a few unpleasant incidents, one opf which I'll detail. We were waiting to have dinner for a while, and we'd left and come back to kill some time. The waitress had said 20-ish minutes, so we were back in that time. We waited some more, and then we got seated by one waitress. Unfortunately, a moment later, another waitress unseated us and told us we'd have to wait at least another 20 minutes, if not more. Needless to say, we were rather disgruntled. The waitstaff should really be more coordinated and communicative on busy nights. And long story short, we went home and got delivery.
Tonight was the first time I ate at Vientiane - even though I have lived at 44th & Baltimore for almost a year. It was delish and I will definitely go again!

Split the veggie spring rolls and dumplings with my friend and then she had the House Special Fried Rice with chicken and I had the Crazy Pineapple with chicken. We thoroughly enjoyed all the food!

Oh, and I had the Thai iced coffee and it was fantastic! The waitresses were nice and kept refilling water which is super important to me. 

Don't forget it's cash only and relatively small. But it's a nice meal and I recommend it! Enjoy!
I can't believe I've never reviewed this place. I've eaten here so many times throughout the years. In fact, my oldest daughter worked here for a time. This place is always on point. The flavors can't be beat. Tonight my youngest daughter wanted chicken satay, so naturally we headed here. She got exactly what she wanted and and I got the ginger entree with chicken. Delicious, flavorful with crunchy veggies and generous shoots of ginger. We finished with green tea ice cream. The service is always good, the food never disappoints and it's a byob. What more could you ask for. Even if you don't live in west Philly make this a destination. This little intimate place won't disappoint.
We came here with friends in our hunt for a good Thai-Laos meal. We ordered the bahn-xeo, pad kee mao, spicy basil fried rice and green curry. The only dish that disappointed us was the green curry which was a little too sweet and watered down but the rest of the meal was pretty flavorful.
This is a very cozy and neigborhoody restaurant a little bit out of the way from where most Penn students live, but it's still a great place to get nicely prepared Laotian and Thai food.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and I wouldn't mind spending hours at this place reading a good book.  It's a bit out of the way, but certainly worth the trip.
I know the Vietnamese restaurants along Washington Avenue. But, I knew nothing about Lao food. A quick check online directed me to Vientiane Café at 4728 Baltimore Avenue. The section of Philadelphia is quite remarkable for its Victorian houses, no small number of which have been wonderfully restored. There is also the quite remarkable Byzantine green domed St. Francis de Sales. (See my site http://www.daytraveller.net/2013/04/24/university-city-philadelphia-hidden-in-plain-sight/)
Vientiane Café has very convenient free parking just behind the restaurant. The interior is small but clean and comfortable. The staff is most congenial and second generation English speaking. Our server brought us the menu. Of course we had no idea what anything was. In such cases I always turn to the server. "If you were having lunch, what would you have?" He proposed a selection. We could not have done better. We began with Green Papaya Salad: Shredded green papaya with tomatoes, chili, lime juice and special sauce mixed together in a mortar and topped with crushed peanuts. The salad with sweet and acidic and spicy all at once: a wonderful exploration of all your tastes. I will say, however, that it was so enveloping that it did dull the soup (at least for the first few minutes) which followed.  The"King soup" offered an introduction into another new set of taste experiences. The base seemed something of a curries coconut milk. The other ingredients I believe were thinly sliced white radish with unknown small vegetables. Long noodles provided the main substance.  Now, as usual with Asian restaurants, the main course came out at the same time. We have long since given up trying to have them do one course at a time. The suggested entrée was nothing that one would expect from an Asian restaurant:  Homemade Laotian Sausages: Stuffed with pork, spices, lemongrass and kaffir leaves; served with steamed vegetables, sticky rice with sweet chili and tomato chili sauce. These sausages, so unexpected in Asian food bore little resemblance to the gristle and hard chop sausages we know. The Lao version has something of a creamy and unctuous quality with a hint of sweetness. The bill for our lunch was a bit more than the price of a Vietnamese lunch, but still well worth it. With our quality first experience of Lao cuisine we are sure to return to broaden our knowledge of this new face of Asian dining.
Wonderful! Pad Kee Mao is our favorite. Remember they are cash only before heading over.
This is the best Thai food I've ever had. Been coming for years. The coconut curries are fabulous. Also love pad kee mao. Byob and cash only but that keeps it cheap. Good place to make a good impression with great food and not go broke.
Vientiane is always reliably good. My favorites are the pad kee mao and the eggplant sweet basil.
The curry is soupy. The pad thai is too salty/saucy. I like that they have a lunch menu special, but it feels like they're catering to the "American" palate.
I've been craving thai food for awhile now, and was very happy to have found this place.  Had tom yum soup, spring rolls and dumplings for appetizers, and the pad thai and red curry as entrees.  Overall, it was pretty good.  My only gripe was the lemon for the pai thai - that lost me on the authenticity right there.  It would have been so much better with a slice of lime - so the pai thai came out a little sweeter and not as tangy as I'm used to.
I had lunch with about 16 friends on a Saturday afternoon, and without exception, we were pleased.  The food was exceptional. My husband and I tried the Tom Yum soup, the satay appetizer, the pad thai and the fried rice.  We thought everything other than the fried rice was special; you know a little out of the ordinary compared to what we have eaten at other places.  The tofu satay was perfectly made, and the vegetarian spring rolls were really tasty.  Dessert included nibbles of coconut ice cream, a fried chocolate banana and the sticky mango rice.  I highly recommend the coconut ice cream.  Sticky mango is one of my favorite treats, and this was excellent. But the friend banana was pretty close to what I have had elsewhere (except I never had friend banana with a splash of chocolate tlike this). 

As to other issues, here is the run down: parking was available in a nearby free parking lot; the wait service was friendly and service was quick; the atmosphere was perfect for quiet two-person conversation and large group atmosphere; and the prices were moderate.

I highly recommend this restaurant.
Ok. Without fail, EVERYONE I mention this place to, LOVES it. It has amazing, flavorful food, and it's SUPER inexpensive. I think the lunch special, for example, is something like $10 for a 3 course meal. WHAT?! And dinner's not much more than that. The decor is cute and quaint, too, AND it's a BYOB. I recommend coming on the early side on the weekend, as I don't believe they take reservations, and it gets VERY crowded. However, beyond that, it's pretty fabulous. Definitely a huge fan!
A fabulous little gem in West Philly! I was back in Philly for the weekend, and this placewas the epitome of what I love about the food scene in Philly. 8 of us arrived with a reservation at 8 PM on a Saturdsy night, and we were able to have a little corner of the restaurant to not disturb others while we BYOed. The servers were so friendly, gave us pitchers of water so we wouldn't have to wait for someone to come over, and uncorked out bottles of wine happily. The food came out quickly, and the portions of food were large for the price. A nicer place to come for a nice night out, without spending exorbitant amounts of money. Go here for a date night or a BYO with friends!

ps the sticky rice is wonderful.
My friend & neighbor got catering from here (all vegan) and it was amazing. Will definitely be going to the restaurant soon with my husband as I am certain he will enjoy it as well.
One of my favorite restaurants in Philly! Check out my full review. http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/08/04/vientiane-cafe-best-laotianthai-in-philly/
My green curry was wonderful and filling.  Went for lunch with a friend, as she'd been before and loved it.  Our server was really sweet  and attentive.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was cash only, but it's printed prominently on the menu before you order.  Server helped me quickly find an ATM. Plans to go back are definitely in my future.
i have eaten pad kee mao (drunken noodles) at every thai restaurant in the city and i hereby declare that they are best at Vientiane!  fat noodles that are a tiny bit sweet and oh so spicy (if you ask for them hot- 1-4 stars).  the staff here are just fantastic at making sure to ask you just how you like it, and then delivering.  i get my padkeemao 2 stars of spice out of 4.  my boyfriend gets his red curry extra extra spicy and
This was such a great experience. The staff were absolutely delightful, attentive and genuine. The food was ridiculously delicious and the prices were very low for such high quality. Our experience honestly couldn't be faulted. Thank you so much
To be clear, I'd give this place 2.8 stars.

Staff was friendly and we got seated quickly despite that the place was full. Oh, it's CASH ONLY. We ordered the Vegetarian Naam Salad. The texture was good (good, as in "expected, because I've eaten this before" good). The flavor was...actually, unremarkable (but not bad at all, to be clear). To be fair, naam khao is normally a favored dish for me and my friends...so an unexpected unremarkable flavor also means a heightened sense of disappointment. If you have had really good naam khao, this dish is like naam khao that your cousin makes when they're lazy...because it's crunchy and chewy and tart, but missing the salty and sweet flavors. You will need more lettuce too. We also ordered the homemade jerky; it was fine. Fine as in, it's not bad at all, tasted like soy sauce...but it's not ::shrugs:: good like the jerky that you get at the Lao temple during the New Year's good. Last, we got the pork laab (instead of beef laab since we didn't bring a lot of cash, we thought we'd save $1 with this option). We ordered medium spicy (I think) and I thought it was definitely "butt burn" spicy level. Actually, I think we ordered medium spicy and then asked for chilly on the sides...whatever, it wasn't the complex type of flavor that you normally get with laab anyway. It was just spicy (as my friend said, "one note"). We got a teeny tiny, looks like kid-sized portion of sticky rice to share among three adults with the laab. Well, dang, we had to take really small bites of our sticky rice to make it last...but the proportion of sticky rice to laab wasn't really appropriate. Oh, all the herbs and greens and stuff tasted fresh. 

That's all I can remember. Now...with all that said, I feel like this is a good place to eat if you haven't really eaten all that much Lao or Thai food and would like a tidy introduction to basic flavors of the dishes I have mentioned above. There are a lot of other things to try on the menu too.
My wife and I stopped in for dinner recently on a Saturday night and were pleasantly surprised with the food here. we actually meant to go to the vietnam cafe, which is around the corner but popped in here by accident. Its a pretty small place with the tables packed in tightly together so you can pretty much hear what everybody around you is talking about and it got pretty loud when the dining room filled up.

The servers were very attentive and friendly. I got the pad thai which I thought was fabulous but I've never had it before so I don't really have anything to compare it against. The amount of food for the price was great as well. My wife got the sweet thai basil shrimp and that tasted wonderful. She doesn't really like spicy food and they cooked it up sans spicy-ness with no fuss. Hers was a little smaller portion size, and it was perfect for her but might leave you wanting a bit more if you're a big eater.

The neighborhood was nice, with a major "portlandia" vibe lol. I would be careful about straying too far though because the area gets real sketchy if you go to far in the wrong direction
Excellent BYO, I recommend coming in really hungry, food is delicious and spicy. I had the green curry rice dish and it was very tasty. Good atmosphere to come in with a few friends and have drinks while you eat.
I love this place!!! I've been twice so far, and the food is heaven. So far I've tried the naam salad (a perfect mix of sweet and spicy with a nice coconut flavor), the duck spring rolls (perfectly cooked and not greasy), the Cornish hen (flavorful but I wish they hadn't cut it into pieces), and my all time favorite THE KING'S SOUP!! I cannot even describe the deliciousness of this soup. I ordered mine with shrimp and tofu. The broth is a flavorful red curry with lots of veggies, and a mint garnish that is really good. I plan on going back and trying the fried fish, and the papaya salad.
Disappointing. Everything is watered down and flavorless. The coconut soup is a far cry from authentic Tom Kha soup, and even the mango sticky rice, which is typically hard to screw up, was disappointing and served with a sauce so watered down it actually had the same consistency as water and ran off the rice & mangoes. 

Perhaps if you've never had authentic Thai or curry you'd be impressed; otherwise, this place is a huge miss. Don't waste your time or money.
Great cozy atmosphere. Food is very good. Service is fast. Overall it is one of the better places Baltimore ave. will definitely come back.
It's a significant trek out to Vientiane from Penn's campus but it's worth the trip. I think they're better than the general Thai/Malaysian/Laotian food near campus, and they have good lunch specials too.
No need to fly to Asia to get amazing Laotian/Thai food. Vientiane Café will satisfy your Asian cravings without breaking the bank. 

For starters we had the delicately sweet beef jerky and level 1  and level 3 papaya salad (note: level 1 was just the perfect spice level for me, level 3 was like throwing a fireball in my mouth) along with the grilled mixed vegetables and spring rolls. Everything was made to perfection. Although I wished they served sticky rice with the beef jerky, that can be remedied by ordering a side of sticky rice. 

We continued to gorge on naam (crispy rice with lime and peanuts), vegetable fried rice, crispy duck, shrimp red curry, and drunken noodles with chicken. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. As you can see we ordered a wide variety and we all left feeling like stuffed turkeys.
Very good BUT ********CASH ONLY******** -- see second paragraph.
I took my daughter there for lunch. The place was nearly empty at the time, maybe 25% full?? The food was very good, the waiter friendly, and the service decent. I can't tolerate much spice, so I asked for low spice level and was satisified: good spicy taste, but not overwhelming for me. I'd have given it four stars or maybe even five except for the booby-trap:

I only had a little cash and was planning to pay with a card, till I opened  the bill folder and saw "CASH ONLY". I complained to the waiter, "There was no warning of this!" He pointed to the phrase on the regular and lunch menus-- very small print, lost amid other text unless you look closely. I had to walk with my cane 15 minutes to the nearest ATM and back; good thing it wasn't raining or I'd've just left. No sign outside, no indication on their website, and the ONLY warning of it on this Yelp review page is buried in Yelp's standard list:
    Vegan Options
        Yes 
    Takes Reservations
        Yes 
    Delivery
        No 
    Take-out
        Yes 
    Accepts Credit Cards
        No 
    Accepts Apple Pay
        No 
    Accepts Google Pay
        No 
    Accepts Cryptocurrency
        No 
    Good For
        Dinner 
    Parking
        Street 
    Bike Parking
        Yes 
    Good for Kids
        Yes 
    Good for Groups
        Yes 
    Ambience
        Casual, Classy 
    Noise Level
        Average 
    Alcohol
        No 
    Good For Happy Hour
        No 
    Outdoor Seating
        Yes 
    Wi-Fi
        No 
    Has TV
        No 
    Caters
        Yes 
    Gender Neutral Restrooms
        Yes
What a great place. Very unassuming but absolutely delicious!

Went around 615 on a weekday and had their daily dinner special, which included Tom Yum Soup, A noodle Dish, and Pork dumplings. 

Everything was absolutely delicious! The soup had great flavor and was a perfect portion size. The dumplings were well made and very tasty as well. Noodles were excellent and very flavorful. And it wasn't overly peanutty (That's a word right?). And the whole thing cost 18$! 

Got packed as we were leaving. Finally I have found a go to Thai place!
Best Thai in West Philly. I honestly don't know how this place isn't busy all the time. Flavorful dishes, fresh ingredients, good portions, and friendly staff. Lots of vegetarian options and their spice levels are no joke. Cash only is a little annoying, but the food makes up for it.
This one here is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place. The place is simple and clean looking however the designs are kind of bland. The food is definitely the star here. When you see here, you have to order the Laos sausage. It comes with three sausages, sticky rice and two dipping sauce. One sauce is tomato based, think of a cross between spaghetti and tangy pizza sauce. The other is purée pepper sauce, terrific flavor but extra spicy! They also offer a lunch menu for 11 to 13 dollars which consists of soup, appetizer and entree. So far everything I had here is great, the Thai tea is especially amazing. Word of advice though, the food does take a bit to come out so make sure you have time, especially on a lunch break.
I have been coming to this restaurant for a few years now and I've never been disappointed. The food is fantastic and the customer service is superb! I enjoyed all the dishes here but I especially like the papaya salad extra spicy and Laos sausage (it comes with this authentic sauce that you dip in). It goes great with sticky rice. Most authentic thai/laos spot in Philadelphia!
I came here with a friend for the University City Dining Days thing ($15 for 3-course meal). Do know this is cash only, BYOB. When I first arrived, the staff seemed to make a big deal that they couldn't find our reservation (though my friend said she had made one), despite the number of empty tables. She finally seated us at a table near the door. At no point was there a line of awaiting diners so it seemed like they made a big deal out of it for no reason.

The food wasn't bad but the portions were a bit on the small side. Maybe this was due to the Dining Days deal.  The curry entree I got was an OK size but the appetizer and dessert were tiny.  The banana-chocolate spring roll was almost dwarf-sized and definitely small enough to rule out any sort of sharing.  

Maybe I'll come back here and try the non-Dining Days dishes to see if the portion size will impress but my experience here was just OK.
Great for taking out or dining in.  Very friendly, quick service, and super food.  Reasonable prices, too.  I have tried several dishes here and have yet to be disappointed.
This place has great Thai food, but it recently raised its prices!! A beef pad thai is now $15 and a chicken pad thai is now $14 - we ordered these for takeout and it was seriously not worth it for the size you get. They also didn't tell us the total cost over the phone when we made the order, nor give us a receipt when we paid. Seems like a crappy way to treat local customers. Really disappointed! :(
This place is yummy. Great Pad Thai which is the standard, and definitely my fav. dish.
I went with my boyfriend who is Indian and he appreciated all the spice they had, which even made him sweat. That means a lot coming from him, so if you can handle the heat, order the green curry.
BYOB so bring your fav drink. They do have great teas, and of course thai iced tea and thai iced coffee, delicious.
