tl;dr authentic Vietnamese food, big portions, and fresh ingredients, but the prices are higher than many other restaurants in the Chinatown neighborhood

Walking into Vietnam Restaurant, I immediately felt transported back to the air raid shelter I stayed at last time I visited Southeast Asia. Dark wood panels covered the walls, tables, and floors, while the wall light fixtures gave a warm, dim glow. We were greeted immediately by a host, who whisked us past an oak bar counter toward the restaurant seating. Vietnam Restaurant was only moderately busy for Tuesday dinner primetime -- no doubt because it seems like one of the "fancier" Chinatown restaurants. The tables, floor, plates, silverware, glasses, and bathrooms were all shining clean, a huge step up from many of the other surrounding restaurants. There was the hum of restaurant-goer chatter, but I had no trouble hearing my partner at a room-level voice. Service was attentive but not overbearing.

Now for the food. My partner and I split the Pork Claypot and the House Special Vermicelli. At about $15 a pop, these were reasonably priced, but still substantially higher than most Chinatown fare. As I bit into the pork, I immediately lost any regrets I harbored about the price. The buttery meat had a delicious sauce and melted in my mouth, and I had to control myself from eating more than half. As I switched over to the vermicelli, I was impressed by the crunchy freshness of the spring roll -- no microwave meals here. There were several Vietnamese slices of meat to sample in the bowl -- I was all over the grilled pork, while my partner hoarded the beef meatballs to herself. All in all, we left feeling full and satisfied, escaping at just about $30 for the night. This is the only Vietnamese Restaurant I would frequent in the city, besides Vietnam Cafe in West Philly (which has the same owners).
Everyone always told me how much better Vietnam is than Vietnam Palace but, to be honest, I wasn't really blown away. The options all sounded fantastic, and maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but my chicken curry with veggies and white rice was pretty run of the mill. The sauce was thick, almost like gravy. Onions overwhelmed on the veggie end and there were a few green peppers thrown in, but I would have liked to see some more color.

My girlfriends seemed happy with their selections; some type of seafood stew and an order of salt and pepper shrimp which looked really awesome. Service was excellent and I was surprised how crowded the place got during lunch time, in a section of town I don't find myself in too often. 

I'll definitely be back to check out the full scope of the menu, but for my first visit, I adorn three full stars.
I once witnessed the strangest bar argument ever. I was enjoying an adult cocktail at a bar in Chinatown and 2 guys were going at it arguing about who's food was the HEALTHIEST. A strange argument to say the least. one guy was Thai,  the other one was Vietnamese. I don't think either guy won the argument, but it was refreshing to see someone bragging about how healthy their native food is.
Vietnam restaurant is a lovely place, very well decorated in a nostalgic Vietnam style. The menu is very creative and contains most of the classic Vietnamese dishes and a few other Asian specialties. 
I ordered the Cha Gio which is pork spring rolls, crispy with lots of meat and an accompanying sauce along with a nice salad and fresh Thai basil. I guess this is what he meant by healthy. If you order this make sure you wrap the spring roll in a basil leaf..... delicious.
Next I had the Chicken gree papaya salad, chunks of chicken with lots of vegetables and heaps of shredded green papaya. It was fresh and tasty, but I felt it needed some heat so I added some red chili oil and it was complete for me. I tried to make this dish at home, but I couldn't figure out how to shred that hard ass papaya.
For my main course I ordered the Shaking Beef which is chunks of sirloin steak seared with fresh watercress, red onion, tomatoes and a soy vinaigrette. The steak was a perfect medium rare and it is served with a bowl of steamed rice. No room for dessert and I guess that keeps you healthy.
My childhood is filled with memories of enjoying the annual Philadelphia Flower Show and then walking to Vietnam for some lunch/dinner with my family.  This has happened more times than I can count, and each time its been wonderful.  It may not be the typical family tradition, but it's mine and I love it.  

Even now that I live in CO, any opportunity I have to come back to Vietnam is an exciting day indeed.

I've been to Vietnam more times than I can count and two things are guaranteed, my Mom and I order the Flaming Volcano for two, and the table shares the BBQ Platter.  If this is all you eat and drink at Vietnam you'll be in heaven.

The Flaming Volcano for two includes rum, vodka, gin, brandy, grenadine, Bacardi 151 and fruit juice.  This is a boozy beverage and will leave two people feeling the buzz as they suck down every drop.  And don't let them take the drink too soon, as the ice melts and mixes with the remaining booze and juice you can have a "second drink".  Don't forgot to blow out the flame and drink the rum from the center, it's a warm burn as it makes it's way slowly down your throat.  

The BBQ Platter includes, crispy spring rolls, beef stuffed grape leaves, char-grilled chicken, grilled meat balls, rice vermicelli, lettuce, and rice paper sprinkled with crushed peanuts.  They say this serves two people but I think this easily serves four to five people, especially if you're ordering entrees.  The crispy spring rolls are those addicting spring rolls that you dream about.  If I was on a desert island and could only have three things, I would want these spring rolls to be one of the three items.  In addition to the spring rolls, the grilled meatballs are delicious and I love taking the lettuce or the rice paper and making a wrap with the rice vermicelli, char-grilled chicken, pickled vegetables and topping the whole thing with some peanut sauce.  The BBQ Platter will feed the table and people will fight over the last bites.

I've tried multiple entree items and they have all been good, but nothing has the variety that the BBQ Platter offers.  The BBQ Platter gives you multiple items and a mixture of tastes that a single entree cannot offer.  Take my word for it, order the BBQ Platter!  And if you're feeling a bit crazy, the Flaming Volcano for two is the perfect accompaniment.
I was having a cocktail at a bar in Chinatown where I overheard a heated debate over who's homeland had the healthier food.  The 2 guys were from Thailand and Vietnam.  I had never witnessed anyone arguing over the nutritional value of a cuisine before.  
After leaving the bar,  I walked down a couple of blocks to grab a bite at Vietnam restaurant on 11th street. There are 2 Vietnamese spots and they're across the street from one another.  Both are great but tonight I chose this one. 
Vietnam is a nice multi-level spot with a more modern decor.  I was seated and checked out the menu.  I started out with the vegetarian crispy spring rolls and a green papaya salad with Jerky beef.  
The spring rolls were great, crisp and fresh and the papaya salad was excellent.  I always order some kind of papaya salad because it so refreshing and I have trouble recreating it at home because green papaya is hard to shred without the proper tool.  
For my main course I decided to go with the broken rice plate with grilled pork chops.  It comes with small grain rice, marinated,  charbroilded pork chops,  lots of vegetables and a sunny side egg on top. There's a sweet & sour sauce for dipping,  but I just pour the whole thing over the meal. It's a very satisfying dish that triggers all the taste buds.  I ordered a exotic drink called "suffering bastard" that had so many potent liquors in it,  I wasn't suffering at all!  
For dessert I chose the volcano cake which was shaped like a volcano with hot gooey chocolate flowing down the sides like lava. What a great end to a meal! Now I have to compare it with a excellent Thai dinner.
Large, clean Chinatown haunt with food that everyone can enjoy. From picky eaters to adventurous ones; vegetarians to carnivores, Vietnam satisfies every palate. Meateaters shouldn't miss the BBQ platter (which is more than enough to feed 3) and then wash that down with a steaming bowl of pho. 

You've also gotta love their flaming punchbowls filled with liquor to the brim. My vote goes to this Vietnam over the across the street neighbor...especially if you're on a date.
I must have had some sort of magnetic attraction to Vietnam Palace until the other night, because I'd been there four or five times before even thinking to try the Vietnamese restaurant across the street, aptly named Vietnam Restaurant. Well, I'm glad I decided to be adventurous, because Vietnam Restaurant truly impressed me.

My boyfriend, friend, and I walked in around 9 p.m. last Saturday after checking out the Greek festival, which left us unimpressed and in search of delicious fare. The hostess informed us that there would be a fifteen-minute wait, but that we could check out the lounge upstairs while we waited. Bar Saigon is a few floors above the restaurant, which itself is two floors. The atmosphere was beautiful and romantic. The main room (there was also an adjoining room, which I didn't really check out) was dimly lit with candles and sconces and had a big-screen TV mounted on the wall, showing what may have been the strangest kung fu movie I've ever seen. The waitress was attentive and let us know when our table downstairs was ready. They've got a nice little operation going here! My Cosmo was delicious, as was my friend's chocolate martini (heavenly, really). 

When our table was ready, the hostess came upstairs to get us. We were seated in the second-floor dining room. I wasn't too impressed with the atmosphere, but what Vietnam Restaurant lacked in ambiance it made up for with lightning-quick service and beautifully presented, delicious food. I ordered the steamed tofu rolls to start (yum!) and the Singapore Noodles, which had chicken, shrimp, lots of veggies, wide egg noodles, and a savory, mouthwatering brown sauce, for my entree. It wasn't as spicy as I'd have liked, but they offered sriracha to make up for the lack of heat. My companions were all pleased with their dishes as well. We were even pleased when we got the check, which ran us about $17 per person for appetizers and entrees. Even though I just moved to Vietnamese heaven (South Philly), I will still consider making the trek to Chinatown to eat here again in the near future.
This place is a phenomenal restaurant and it hit me on a sweet spot that reminded me of the nostalgic moments of eating char-grilled korean BBQ at the best restaurants in Korea.

I tried 3 dishes: the Thit Nuong Cuon (chargrilled pork rolls), COMBINATION BROKEN RICE, PHO TAI.

I know I'm very biased towards this grilling style and I'm absolutely certain many will not agree with this, but I thought that the chargrilling at Vietnam Cafe was done to perfection.

The chicken, beef, and pork in my combination broken rice dish was very thinly sliced, lightly marinated, and chargrilled until the edges are slightly burned. This makes the meat extremely crispy on the outer edges.  The smell of the lightly burnt meat and marinade brings a flavor you cannot experience with the standard type of grilling methods.  This is Asian (korean/vietnamese style) grilling at its finest.  

The truly amazing thing about this dish was that the meat was relatively moist.  The way the chef did this was to cut the meat very thinly at the edges and slightly thicker towards the center which causes the outer edge of the meat pieces to get slightly burnt while making the center parts of the meat relatively moist.  Conceptually this is relatively simple, but it is something that is very difficult to execute.  Because the meat is so thin, you have a very narrow window to take the meat off the grill.  If you overcook it just a TAD BIT then the whole meat becomes extremely tough. This was not the case at Vietnam Cafe.

My feelings about the meat were the same for the chargrilled pork rolls.  In addition to the meat, the fresh lettuce, the chewy rice vermicelli and the rice wrapping added depth and texture to the taste that was different from the rice dish.

In sum, this place absolutely rules with the the broken rice dishes.  It was a blessing to have experienced Vietnamese-style chargrilling of this level.  

As for the pho, I would explore other options.  While the Pho shows a very natural flavoring and minimal, if any MSG, I found the noodles to be less chewy and the soup on the blander side compared to Pho specialty shops like Pho75.

On a final note, Vietnam Restaurant is extremely clean (they have hand sanitizers and umbrella bags as you enter), has a great decor and a very friendly staff.  This restaurant is one of the rare exceptions where great decor goes hand in hand with fantastic food at good prices. I just wish we had such a Vietnamese place in DC =\

5* for the chargrilled dishes.
I'm Vietnamese and when I go to these places, I'm hard to please, however, this restaurant have yet to disappoint me.

When living in Philadelphia for six years, I went here almost four times a month and each time that I come here for dinner I always order the BBQ platter. If it's just for two, this platter is more than enough. The dish is a "make it yourself summer roll" filled with spring rolls, chicken stripes, mixed veggies, rice noodles, and meat stuff grape leaves to die for. If you're unsure as to how you would make this mouth watering masterpiece, just ask and they will show you the way. You mix and match the ingredients provided and once wrapped, you dip and eat. I usually dip mine in their lemon/pepper fish sauce, but others like to dip theirs in the peanut sauce provided.

Their other dishes are good too, I love their clay pot cat fish, it makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Their other noodle soup dishes, like the bun bo hue, are delightful and is great during the winter.

Upon looking at the prices you might feel that it is over priced, and I do agree, however, for the environment and the quality of food, I feel that it is all worth it (this is the only reason why I'm giving it a 4 star). Their service is prompt, but they do get extremely busy, so if you don't want to wait, call ahead!
I'm always fascinated when reviews for a place are all over the map. I've read "completely inauthentic," "sweat socks," "pleasant," and "overwhelming onions." 

I will add another review to the mix that doesn't match the others. 

Our party of 5 LOVED Vietnam Restaurant. 

A simple plate of bok choi literally halted all conversation among a group of people who otherwise cannot shut up. Silence, other than repeated murmurs of OMG this is SO. GOOD.

Summer rolls followed and just the preparation of the pork alone made my thighs clap. 

My entree, salt and pepper chicken, was absolutely incredible and perfectly executed: bright, super-spicy, and complex with the crunchy onions, peppers, chilis, and greens, and miraculously, no trace of oil. 

My friend's pork chop plate was very nice - but to be honest, my dish was the nipple pinching winner. 

Throw in some Tsing Tao, Sapporo or Singha and sake and you have a lovely evening indeed.

Service was A+. (And the waiter was kind of ripped...)

I don't think I've ever heard a table of people chorus on through every bite just how wonderful the food is. Granted we are pasty white and cannot evaluate the cuisine to an authenticity standard, but having lived in a neighborhood for years where Vietnamese food was the only option, I myself feel reasonably certain Vietnam Restaurant is in the running.
 
Absolutely worth checking out.
The best thing we three did at Vietnam Restaurant was take the advice of yelpers and order the BBQ platter! When it arrived we were overwhelmed by the bounty: crispy spring rolls, beef stuffed grape leaves, chargrilled chicken, grilled meatballs, rice vermicelli, lettuce and rice paper (to wrap it all up in!) They say it serves two - if you plan on ordering other main dishes, it can easily serve four.

For dinner I ordered the chicken pho (my litmus test for Vietnamese food) and the broth (my favorite part) was a bit like bland dishwater. I also wish it had been served in a larger bowl; delivered as it was the soup was sloshing over the side.

Still, I'd return for the BBQ platter any day of the week!
I came to Vietnam with my colleagues one evening after a long day at a client site. I had heard good things about Vietnam so I "strongly" suggested that we come here for dinner. 

Since there were 8 of us we decided to get a couple appetizers to share: grilled meatballs, crispy spring rolls, grilled shrimp, stuffed grape leaves and crispy veggie spring rolls. All of the appetizers were good, but the grille meatballs were AMAZING!!

For our entrees we got:
*Beef Basil - packed with beef and very flavorful.

*Salt/Pepper Shrimp - delicious! This is a must try.

*Crispy Duck - not worth trying. Meat was a little tough and lacking in flavor.

*Chicken Pad Thai - similar to Pad Thai you'd have at any Thai restaurant, but none the less still very good.

*Sweet and Sour Chicken - great flavor and was definitely liked by all.

The best part of our dining experience at Vietnam was the drinks!

*Suffering Bastard was the drink that everyone at the table loved...and som of us had more than 1. It's a mixture of rum, Creme de cassis, Myer's Rum, Bacardi 151, Sour Mix and Fruit Juices. I highly recommend you get this drink. Even if you don't like rum I still recommend this drink. I could hardly taste the rum, but half way through the second drink I can say that my body was feeling the drink. 

*Virgin's Downfall is something I recommend you try as well. This drink is a blend of whiskey, vodka, grenadine and fruit juices.

*Zombie was a drink that my boss loved. He thought the drink was pretty amazing and that the alcohol sneaks up on you.

My colleagues and I thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience (especially the booze) at Vietnam. I'll definitely be dining here again next time I'm in my home city.
The wife and I love this place and have enjoyed delicious meals and adult libations many times.  Speaking of libations, they have a flaming volcano drink for two that is great fun.  There are plenty of other drinks and beers to also try.  We've found that the drinks are generally strong.  They don't skimp on the alcohol.

The atmosphere here is very pleasant.  We're talking multiple floors and multiple rooms and lots of wood.  Very nice and the multiple rooms helps keep the noise down.

For those readers who normally enjoy Chinese food, Vietnamese is a little different.  There is more emphasis on meat especially beef and chicken.  There is also seafood but you will see what I mean when you peruse the menu.  Vietnamese food often contains the delicious herb called lemongrass.   You don't see it as often in Chinese food.  Finally there is more emphasis on noodles of several types.  If you're new to this type of food start with the BBQ Platter.  It's the Vietnamese equivalent of a po-po platter.  It will include those delicious crispy spring rolls that many reviewers rave about.

Whenever we go here we skip fighting for street parking.  Just up the street, past the local police station, is a small lot.  It never seems to be full and it's cheap.  Give that a try.  Vietnam does not take a reservation which usually annoys me but I've never waited long here.  They seem to handle the crowds well.
I'd like to give this place a 5 just for their BBQ platter but was put off by the service and lack of attention given by the waitstaff.  My water remained empty forever till I asked for more.  Diet cokes MUST be served with a lemon in any restaurant.  In addition, when I asked for some hot sauce, my waiter took forever to grab a bottle.  We were halfway done with the appetizer till we got it.  

Had the crepe appetizer.  It was okay.  Needed lots of fish oil and sriracha hot sauce b/c it was stuffed with an absurd amount of bland bean sprouts.

Go with one person and get the BBQ platter.  It's an assortment of veggies (basil, cilantro, etc) and meat (my favorite was the grape leafs stuffed with meat - probably beef - who knows?) that you wrap along with spring rolls/rice vermicelli/etc. and use fish oil, peanut sauce, or hot sauce to add flavors.  I devoured the entire platter in less than 7 minutes.  I don't think I've ever had an entree and not utter one word while eating it.  I just kept nodding my head YES in response to my friend who kept asking me if it was good.

Decor and ambiance were nice for a Vietnamese restaurant.  Clean bathroom/hardwood floors/dim lighting.  I'm used to dingy and dirty types in NYC.
I like Vietnam better than Vietnam Palace.  The food is just better here.  One time I ordered a crazy chinatown cocktail called "Virgin's Downfall" and the waiter in his horribly accented English says to me "After this-Virgin NO MORE" which I'm sure he practised forever and says it all the time, but I don't care.  He's and by extension, Vietnam won.
I ordered a couple of items for delivery to see if Vietnam was as good as I've heard. I ordered pork spring rolls and fried shrimp. The spring rolls came sliced, which I like, and were some of the most delicious spring rolls I've tasted. And with so much filling they fill you up more than you would think. The shrimp were right up there with the best at any seafood restaurant. They were large juicy shrimp, perfectly fried with a sauce that complimented it even better than the usual cocktail sauce. My only gripe is that there is a lot of extra batter fried at the top of the shrimp. So that first bite from the top didn't have any shrimp on half of them! An annoying tease...

I can see that Vietnam is as good as I've heard and I'm looking forward to trying more food in the actual restaurant once indoor dining is allowed. The potential is certainly there for a 5 star restaurant.
Really, just genuinely good, filling without being heavy, food. Dinner out with at least one friend requires the ordering of the crispy spring rolls, I don't know whether we like the rolls better or the pickled carrots as we fight for the last of each every time.

After greasy spring rolls, I tend to veer toward lighter fare. My go-to is always the won-ton soup loaded with every last bean sprout on the plate and an extra squeeze of lime. My companion for tonight's rendezvous ordered the grilled chicken vermicelli (which he pronounces with a "ch"....the Italian in him that he just can't shake). He never really deviates from his order, I don't really either, but after watching order after order of the flaming volcano cocktail brought out to tables, am thinking that I need to get back there and expand my palate in the realm of cuisine and cocktail.

This restaurant is always crowded, a surefire sign that it's got a little something special going on. I say, 5-stars "woohoo! as good as it gets"...or in Charlie Sheen's words "WINNING!"
Vietnam Restaurant is all right, but there's much better Vietnamese food to be had in Chinatown (and in Philly in general).

House special bun (vermicelli) was so-so.  BBQ pork was mostly overcooked -- some pieces were fine but others were very dry.  Spring roll was not bad.  Chicken was also overcooked and bland.  Sausage was fine.  Noodles themselves were fine.  There weren't enough toppings (chopped peanuts, herbs, etc.)  Disappointing in general.  Much better bun can be had for half the price at many other Vietnamese restaurants in the city.

BBQ Pork w/ broken rice was similar.  The pork was the same as in the bun -- some pieces were overcooked, while some were okay.

Service was on the inattentive side.  I needed more sauce for my vermicelli, and waited a long while before a server showed up & noticed that I needed something.  

Decor is nice, so in that sense, this is a comfortable place to sit in.  I'd recommend Vietnam Restaurant only if you didn't care much about food, value, or service, but just wanted a nice-looking place in Chinatown to eat Vietnamese.
Wow, what a gem!  We wandered in here pretty randomly, after pondering between here and Vietnam Palace across the street.  From the outside you could never tell that this place is such a classy establishment! The restaurant goes up three floors with a really nice lounge area on the highest floor with a bunch of fun cocktail choices and beer to occupy you while you wait for a table.  Also, sweet shrimp chips!

The atmosphere of the place is great, it's cozy, clean, and feels really nice, unlike most places in Chinatown.  The service is very professional, friendly, and fast!  I would say that this would be an awesome place to take a date.  

They have a pretty wide selection of Vietnamese food, from Pho to vermicelli noodle bowls to meat dishes and crispy noodle dishes as well.  We all got the vermicelli noodle bowls, which were around 8.50-9.50 per bowl, and they were excellent!  (and generously portioned as well) I would say that the crispy spring rolls are definitely something that is done well here!  MMmm.  The food came out fast as well!

And for people who judge places by their bathrooms, Vietnam restaurant has really nice bathrooms.  What a classy joint. Highly recommended. I'll be back soon!
I am so glad that Yelpers recommended Vietnam Restaurant to me!  You might not be able to tell from the outside, but the restaurant is really nice inside.  We were told there was a 10-15 minute wait for a table, but as soon as we sat down to wait, our name was called.

BF started with a Vietnamese beer, and I chose a tropical rum drink, complete with umbrella.  It was really delicious.

We shared a couple of appetizers, the fried tofu and the fried veggie spring rolls.  They were both really good, but BF liked the tofu better, and I thought the spring rolls were better.  The servings were huge for two people.  

We only ordered one entree, shrimp and broccoli, which was on the specials.  It's a good thing because we had so much food!  

Everything was delicious, the service was excellent, and the portions were more than generous.  What more could you ask for?
This is a solid solid place... Every time I go here, the place seems empty, but the food never disappoints me.  This is not a Pho specialty place, so I suggest that you order something else from the menu.  

My recommendation is to order grilled pork with broken rice with an extra side.  (grilled shrimp, squid, etc)  You can get that extra for only $3.5+, and it is SO worth it so do it! 

I ordered my grilled pork with squid as the extra side, and it was just.... simply delicious.  I had dinner at Sakagura in NYC the night before (4.5 star Japanese restaurant in NYC- one of the most rated and highest rated Japanese place there), and that squid was better than the one I had at Sakagura.  It was tender and grilled to perfection.... ah, I wish I could have it every week!  The pork also never disappoints me either.  It is arguably the best Vietnamese grilled pork I ever had.  It is seasoned so well, and grilled with just a bit of burnt edges ..... The price is really reasonable, too, so it is definitely worth giving it a try.  

For dessert, I recommend the taro pudding.  It is served boiling hot, so watch out when you are eating that sticky gooey sweetness!!! :)
It has been years since I visited the Vietnam Restaurant. This used be our go to place in Chinatown many, many moons ago. We used to go specifically for the spring rolls and they were the best. I don't think I had been to the Vietnam for over 15 years.

My two bother in laws and myself decided to relive the past and I met them on 11th street after a Phillies game. The place is still very nice and has an upscale Indochine colonial look going on with dark woods.

What we ordered:

CRISPY PORK SPRING ROLLS CHA GIO - Ground pork, onions, mushrooms, lettuce, pickled dain, mint leaves, chili vinegar dipping sauce. These were as good as I remember and so good we ordered two orders.

CRISPY CREPES BANH XEO - Pan-seared rice flour, shrimp, pork, sweet onions, bean sprouts, chili vinegar dipping sauce. This is one of my favorite dishes and Vietnam's was one of the better Banh Xeo's I have tried. The shrimp was fresh and flavorful and the crepe cooked just right.

SALT/PEPPER CHICKEN GA RANG MUOI TIEU - Fried strip of chicken breast tossed in stir-fried bell peppers, onions, garlic, chili, spicy salt/pepper (Spicy) - We went with this dish as they were out of the duck. 
It was actually very good.

Vietnam serves beer and and some drinks. Service was very good all night and they were busy. It was good to be back.

4 Solid Yelp Stars
Another winning spot courtesy of the Lai family (Vietnam Cafe, Fu-Wah). After an awesome showing of Conversations From The Cafe at TBar (one weekend left!) a friend and I decided to try here out. With it 's biggest competition literally right across the street (http://www.yelp.com/biz/vietnam-palace-philadelphia) you'd think it would be hurting on a number of levels. But the family has definitely managed to maintain another awesome establishment.

Between the spicy broth and my Chirasha addiction McThrill was feeling the heat! but I loved every moment of eating my seafood claypot (especially the jumbo shrimp). And my friend devoured his salt and pepper chicken in ten minutes flat even though he wasn't that hungry (he normally does it in 5 so it wasn't that impressive.). It was also fun to go through all of the entree option's that aren't yet available in the West Philly Cafe (eventually?) and prepare myself. So overall Vietnam wins.

Now I just need to try a Virgin's Downfall (read Chrissy R.'s hilarious review you pervo!).
I'm only giving 3 stars because service was okay and pho was okay. There was two of us and a child so we ended up ordering three meals and one appetizer. My girlfriend and I shared the volcano drink which was straight up sugar we couldn't even finish it. Horrible. Then I got summer rolls and pho for my app and meal which were okay nothing crazy. My girlfriend got the egg roll vermicelli which was extremely bland. We ordered vegetable fried rice for our child and it tasted like nothing. Absolutely flavorless. 
The reviews on this place are great so I figured the experience with the food would be more than decent. The food literally had no taste.
OK so I visit my brother in Philly maybe max 3 weekends a year, and we ALWAYS go to this restaurant.  we ALWAYS get the same dishes...the bun (rice noodles )with either the mixed meats (for the boys) or grilled chicken (for me).  SOOOO TASTY.  I've eaten this dish countless places, in more authentic restaurants, across Vietnam, orange county in california (the mecca of vietnamese food), at home.  And this by far takes the top spot (sorry mom!).

A little pricey for what you actually get but the place looks so much nicer and cleaner than your average vietnamese restaurant.  The service is good.  Order extra carrot/radish pickles!!
This restaurant is one of my 3 favorite restaurants in the world, people. It is either 2 or 3. I am not exaggerating. It puts every Vietnamese restaurant in NYC to shame. I beg my parents to take me here when I go home for the weekend. When I am blessed enough to stop here, I ALWAYS ALWAYS get an order of pork spring rolls to go. Always. And this is after eating an entire order to myself, and drinking the dipping sauce because it's out of this world. 

Get the pork spring rolls. You will thank me. And get the fresh rolls and either the salt and pepper chicken or the beef pho. That is all.
2.5 lunch
Cute interior and charming warm wood. Food came out too quickly---banh xeo could have been fried longer and so could the filling ingredients. More sloppily cut ashen onions spied i than ever I saw some pork or prawns. the only herb given to is was basil. boo. And iceberg leaves?!? really?

Papaya salad bit pedestrian, in my opinion. Did the job. Our chicken lemongrass noodle soup was also 'just alright' getting the theme here?

Cafe sue da was excellent. Big kick, deep roast, strong....but at $3.95/ small cup?!? Again....really?!!!!!!!

Lunch ended up being close to $40 because of the rip-off!!!! drinks. Had I only known and not assumed....
Dirty! This place was filthy like all Asian restaurants are. It needs a good cleaning, my feet stuck to the ground! The Pho is what they think Americans want. No tripe or all the good stuff tradition places use. Oh and want a cocktail? Lol, there ALL $10. Yes, even a simple mixed drink. The place is a joke. Not to mention the owners kids are running laps around the place. Not fun or relaxing.
This review is strictly for the Pho. There's no dac biet / xe lua, the portions are small, and the cuts aren't correct. The only saving grace  about it was the broth which was decent and not oily. Between myself and the four others that that I was dining with the noodles varied from not enough to overfilling from the bowl (but we all got larges). 

I would've gave a 3 star rating, but the service was awful. I'm used to to fast paced hustle and bustle of Asian restaurants so that is not what I'm referring to. We were the only ones in the restaurant and they messed up our orders and completely forgot about our appetizers.

Final Verdict: Meh
You are screwed if you don't know what you're doing here. The menu is goes like this: noodles with beef, noodles with chicken, rice with shrimp, rice with chicken... you get the idea. 

Fortunately, the menu also says "ask for help ordering!" So I did. The waiter said, "Um, whatchu like?" I said beef, and he pointed to about every beef dish. Uh oh.

So I waited until my date picked something and then I said "Oh that was what I was going to get!" She's too nice so she said okay and picked something else. Now, she's not Asian, but damn she picked right on, as I hoped. I thanked her by adding to this page a picture of her drinking a volcano bowl.

The food is good, a great place to go if you're headed to the Trocadero.

What to order? Start with a volcano bowl, skip the appetizers, and get #45 with a side of hot sauce. It's like a noodle dish with apps on top.

Good food, quick service.
it is ridiculous how good this place is. despite the fact that i get the same thing EVERY SINGLE TIME I EAT THERE, it is out of this world delicious. i suggest the crispy noodles with vegetables (without mushrooms, unless you like mushrooms, in which case there's something wrong with you anyway) and the fried tofu. you'd think something as simple as fried tofu can't be THAT good, but then you'd be wrong. 

i'm always pleasantly full, but not uncomfortably so when i leave. also, if you're a fancy pants like my friend pete "gatsby", you can just get gin and some ice cream.
the smaller, swankier, and mahogany ensconsed vietnamese restaurant on 11th, right across the street from its arch nemesis, vietnam palace. i've been going to this place for an extremely long time, long before it got its fancy multi-million dollar renovation and used to be a crappy ass dive.  seriously, it was a hole.  

the food is still good, fresh, and still very reasonably priced.  not that i have anything against the more divey vietnamese places (i loves em) sometimes, it's nice to have a bit of ambiance.  so for good vietnamese with ambiance, this is the place.  plus, they have those huge and strong drinks you can share, like the flaming volcano!
Real Vietnamese restaurant owned by ethnically Vietnamese people. As a result, the pho is authentic and tasty. Their other dishes are good as well. Really, this is the best Vietnamese place I've found in Philly yet.

They serve alcohol here too - unique cocktails that I haven't found anywhere else. One drink, I forgot the name of it, is so big that two people can easily get buzzed off it.

I'm pretty sure that this is owned by the same family that runs Fuwa and also the newly opening Vietnam Cafe (both in West Philly). They've never done me wrong!
I am so happy our friends brought us here! We were seated right away and we order the special ravioli app and papaya salad. The ravioli was very good! We also ordered pork and veggie egg rolls.  I don't eat pork but the veggie rolls were so delicious and crispy.


For the main I got the chicken clay pot and it was so amazing I am going to go again and just get it as take out.  It was cooked so well and I love ginger so this really will become a go to for take out!  My other half got the chicken chow fun which was ok but when he added the bbq sauce and chili oil to it he said it tasted good.
I'm Vietnamese and this is where I go when I'm craving some home cooking.
It's a testament to how good this place is that while in Australia (much closer to Vietnam, much more Vietnamese food available than Philadelphia) I was still daydreaming about this restaurant and comparing meals I had to their offerings. 

Food - Generous portions, perfect flavors, delicious sauces. Everything is deceptively simple, but it's the best of what it is. Best crispy spring rolls, best fish sauce (even if they don't make it, probably?), best meat ball rolls, best best bok choy, best broken rice platters, yes, EVEN the best pho. Although their prices have crept up over the years, I still think it's a bargain, and I wouldn't rather go anywhere else. Their drinks are really good too: best vietnamese iced coffee (have I bested myself out of believability yet?), and the fruit mixtures are interesting and worth trying - jack fruit is sweet like pineapple, and their limeade is a unique alternative to lemonade or soda. 

Service - Perfect. The staff are friendly, accommodating, and prompt. There's no frills to this place, but the decor is welcoming and tasteful, and the interior is clean and surprisingly large: there's an upstairs which they open on weekends or when traffic swells the downstairs to capacity. 

My only complaint is that they close for a week at the end of summer for their own vacation (who can blame them?). But I always end up driving down and hoping to eat on that week...somehow this has serendipitously happened over each of the last three years. I cry and die a bit inside, but it's just an affirmation of my love for Vietnam.
The seafood claypot tasted more like a watered down version of kimchi jigae (Korean kimchi stew). The beef sate pho was made somewhat carelessly. The noodles were clumped together and chewy. There were only few pieces of bean sprouts. If you were expecting large portions that you find in typical pho places, this place wasn't it.

The restaurant interior was nice and you can tell that they were going for a more upscale look. 

I was a bit disappointed with this restaurant with all of the rave reviews. I wish I had seen Jennifer C's, my NY buddy, review before coming here.
If you want your Vietnamese food with a bit more ambiance and slightly less rushed service (see my reviews of Nam Phuong & Pho Xe Lua - equally good but just not as pretty), Vietnam should be your first choice.  Consider it the perfect Vietnamese date night restaurant.

The Lai family have built a dynasty of sorts between this spot, the newly expanded Vietnam Cafe out on Baltimore Ave. in West Philly, and their small friendly Fu-Wah Market corner store, also located in West Philly.  They're so friendly, and it shows at this location.  

My usual favorite Vietnamese standards - tofu summer rolls, lemongrass chicken vermicelli, pho ga, the fish claypot, pepper squid - shine at Vietnam.  The ingredients taste incredibly fresh - the freakin' bean sprouts crunch like a potato chip!  Everything is served and presented with great care.

The prices are definitely higher than at the aforementioned restaurants - but it's fair to say you're paying for the experience in those extra $3-4.  And there's no doubt in my mind that it's worth it.
This place definitely rivals the Vietnamese food I've had in the SF Bay Area. It's slightly upscale (i.e. not a hole in the wall) with an understated wood-based decor. 

Definitely get the Cha Gio (crispy spring rolls): "stuffed with ground pork blended with Asian spices, onion and mushrooms" ($6.50). They arrive piping hot and chopped into 1" long pieces for convenient eating and are served with lettuce leaves for wrapping. Not greasy, and with just the perfect amount of crunch. 

The pork slices or pork chops with broken rice are classics (~$9), and the phos ($5.50 to $7.50) are tasty as well when you don't want to shell for a plate. 

I've been told that they make their own ice creams here (the typical Asian flavors, such as mango, coconut, etc.) for dessert, but can't recall trying them.

Tip: Don't sit by the window during sunset--the building faces west, so you'll be blinded by the glare.
1. The food I got was absolutely amazing. I kept mentioning how amazing it was throughout the night even after we had walked out of there. I wish I could remember the name of it... It was a noodle bowl, and it had the words "House Special" attached to it. There; now you go find it.
2. The food that my friend got, looked like sauteed vegetables on top of dry ramen noodles. He also told me that it was utterly disgusting. I tried some, and can say that I concur if you take out the word "utterly."
3. I wanted to try the BBQ platter, because the couple next to me had gotten that, but none of my friends were willing to go in on it with me (stingy b*stards); it looked, and smelled amazing. 
4. The wait staff were very curt, and we weren't sure who our wait staff was because every time someone came to our table, it was someone new. Regardless, they kept the drinks full. Also, the hostess was leaning against the wall behind our table, so she was effectively hovering over our table the entire night. Not that it made a difference to my friend who got the uncooked ramen; he complained out loud anyway.
5. Occasionally, there would be the smell of what I can only hope was some kind of fish, although I've done a lot of animal dissections that have smelled more palatable.
6. The guy who took our cards for payment at the end messed it up, but I was feeling nice so I let it slide. 

The food was brilliant. The service was adequate, and next time I'm taking a fat dude with me to try the BBQ platter. 

P.S. I want to try the Vietnamese restaurant across the street from this place, but since I didn't have a bad experience here, I'm kind of scared to mess it up.
I hadn't been here in years but hit it for a Saturday lunch and really enjoyed it.We started with drinks with umbrellas in them as if we were in an old Polynesian place. I miss those places. I used to go to the Kauna Kai in West Philadelphia years ago. Ok - enough that.We  ate green papaya salad  with tofu, roast duck legs and vermicelli noodles with pork. All good. Ended with Vietnamese coffee and green tea ice cream. Prices were reasonable and service prompt and attentive without excessive familiarity. I really enjoy Vietnamese food and the only place in the area in which I live is a joke.Hope to come back.
I grew up eating here with my father.  I used to meet him for lunch when I was 10 years old and we kept that tradition alive.  It's weird for a kid with an Italian and German heritage to get nostalgic over a House Special Rice Vermicelli-  but I do.  

I struggle to order many different things on the menu over the years because I crave what I have had before- its that good.  I can tell you that all of their broken rice and vermicelli bowls are delicious.  It's perfect for a hungry man, a weary eater, or a first timer.  The veggie options are fantastic with their fresh tofu rolls in hoisin sauce at the top.  The BBQ platter puts any other to shame, and is quite the deal for a party of 2.  I always take friends to Vietnam and we are never disappointed.  Benny Lai (the owner) is a great restaurateur who build this place up like a champ.  It used to look like a Jersey diner, and now the entire place is elegantly outfitted with dark wood, and thankfully devoid of numerous fish tanks, stereotypical Asian drawings/calligraphy etc.

Fast service and Affordable to boot!
Recommended by a co-worker, Vietnam supposedly started as a hole-in-the-wall kind of place that worked itself up.  And boy, is it impressive.  The food is fresh, varied and delightful.  The atmosphere is really classy but not too stuffy.  And yet, all the prices are reasonable.  

The only problem is that I've always had to wait to get a seat but I guess it's due to it's earned popularity.

On a side note, I also enjoy Vietnam because when ever I get to mention the name, instead of just saying the name, I tend to sing the name to the tune of Van Halen's "Panama".  And although Vietnam does not feature David Lee Roth flying around on a wire or a bass guitar shaped like a Jack Daniels bottle (that I know of), it is almost as great.
It's an Anglo version of Vietnamese food.  Everything is OK but not great.  Not really spicy, not as authentic, vibrant as the good Vietnamese restaurants that I've been to.  As someone else stated, the service is robotic.  Bring out food, clean table, etc. but no interaction such as "did you enjoy your food, do you need anything, etc?".  It would be better if they at least had a few hot girl servers instead of all guys who just stand up front chatting with each other.

Good selection of beer and cocktails but middle of the road food.
a great traditional family owned and orientated for two generations restaurant. 
friendly owners and servers, fair price, some dishes are amazing, especially the BBQ sampler! they are featured on travel channels, different magazines, almost everyone loves this place!
It had been a few years since my last visit to Vietnam, but it was among my top picks for Christmas Day lunch. And since Sang Kee was packed and taking cash only, it quickly went from #2 to the #1 choice. I'm glad.

We got there at the perfect time, snagged the table for two at the front window, and started to thaw out with tea and hot sake. There were so many enticing options on the menu, we definitely ordered more than we could handle. Not a problem at all; the leftovers made a perfect Boxing Day lunch.

The Tom Lan Bot shrimp (6) were plump, perfectly battered and fried, not heavy at all, just crispy and tasty. The Goi Cuon shrimp &pork rolls (2), not fried, were a nice light counterpoint. 

As for entrees, the Heo Kho To (claypot pork) was among the best I've had, on par with my old favorite Vietnamese sit-down in San Francisco, the one with the line out the door at lunch and dinner times. The sauce and spice hit just the right note of heat. It even edged out my entree, the Ga Rang Muoi Tieu (salt/pepper chicken), for top honors. I enjoyed the chicken -- which also reheated well -- and its spicy kick, but I thought it came with a sauce. Fortunately, it was cooked so well, it was moist and flavorful, and not nearly as dry as its deceiving looks. 

All that said, the biggest surprise was the bok choy side dish. I've often seen bok choy cooked down to withered, limp spinach-like consistency. Not this time. The huge stalks were steamed with garlic and coated with garlic sauce, but retained the snap of celery and a burst of flavor with each bite. We agreed that it was the best bok choy either of us have had.

After finishing off the tea and sake, we dragged our sated selves back out into the cold, leftovers in hand, and savored the full but not heavy or overloaded feeling. It reminded me of my past visits. And it got me thinking about all of the other menu options I still need to explore on future visits.
I am Vietnamese and I live in Westminster, CA (aka Little Saigon). I can say with fair certainty that I know Vietnamese cooking. That being said, I didn't expect much from such a clean restaurant where half the employees don't know Vietnamese and all the customers are Caucasian. 

We ordered:
- goi du du bo kho: What the heck? Smelled like BBQ/Chinese herbs? They totally used the wrong rao thom. ): AND NO PEANUTS?! Peanuts are essential to the taste of this dish!! It's a topping but it's like a burger without cheese or ketchup, or pizza without the crust. I was really disappointed cause I love goi du du. And the kho bo was too sweet and strong. And they had cai chua on the side. so many things wrong. o_o
- bo tai chanh: Pretty good. Came with 2 slices of lemon. I used up at least 5 more slices on top of that. :P Peanutsss thank goodness. But needs more rau thom and there were no onions, which usually accompany this dish. And why is there cai chua?! They just love to add that cai chua everywhere.
- cha gio: Good. Crunchy. 
- gio cuon: Too much bun. o_o Like entirely bun and not much else. And no hanh. And their peanut butter/hoisin sauce was lacking. MORE PEANUTS PLEASE.  
- com tam thit nuong: I didn't even try this. But my aunt and uncle seemed to be okay with it. 
- mi xao don thap cam: Okay. The fried noodle basket didn't seem that fresh, but it wasn't completely off the shelf at the store either. The stir fry thap cam was okay. They all kinda taste the same to me. 

All in all, it's not authentic. It doesn't have the aroma of Vietnamese cooking, of the fish sauces and all the herbs and spices melding in a steamy simmering broth. Peanuts were severely lacking. I stress that because it's a main ingredient in many dishes and sauces. This place is alright if you want a mild version of Vietnamese food and are looking to skip the smell (both the stinky and good) of authentic Vietnamese.
Shrimp, porkspringroll, wonton soup, and pork vernicille.

You shouldn't need a big long review to come here and try the food.  It's a Philly staple, and it's still the best Vietnamese in the city.  One of those rare gems that doesn't change over time despite raving reviews from every imaginable outlet.  Add to the fact that they get slammed with the convention center traffic, it's a wonder they haven't turned into a has-been.

Start off with the flaming volcano (great for 2, don't attempt to drink it all yourself!), and a few aps before moving on to the noodles and main dishes.

2nd floor bar isn't a bad place to eat lunch or grab something quick for two people when the main restaurant is too crowded.  Skip weekends as it's always too long of a wait.
Came here on a bit of lark Friday night after getting out of sorts at Art After 5 at the Museum. We were on our way back across town to Old City and got a hankering for something delicious. Vietnam's glowing neon sign (visible peripherally as you head East on Vine or Race) flickered in my memory and the impulse bit hard. I was insistent that we go and we sat down to a rewarding meal of spring rolls, chow fun and lemon chicken. 

Pros
-Really excellent Vietnamese food. We only sampled 3 items (and missed the much-cited BBQ platter) but were uniformly blown away by the quality and quantity.
-Price - big bang for your bucks.
-Atmosphere - not divey in the least - considering the China Town location this is refreshing.
-Good beers - Singha and a Vietnamese Lager called '33' did the trick in countering the good greasy of the Vietnamese cuisine. 

Cons (Apologies)
-We were in full-on party mode while the place was sporting some serious date-night vibes on Friday. Not a con per se, but a caveat. We were a little loud and silly and may have spoiled the romance for a few people. Though one couple engaged us with the confession that after wrapping up their meal at Vietnam, the perfect Friday concluded with an in-home viewing of 'Fringe' on DVD. Hot!
I never write reviews but I had to tonight. I love Vietnamese food and wanted to take my visiting family to a fancier place than I would usually go (some joint on Wash Ave). 

Each dish was worse than the previous and the service was insulting terrible. We had to clear the table because they kept piling thing on top of each other without taking away the empties. 

Yuck, don't do it.
This place was so ridiculously good, we ended up there 2 nights in a row!

Must order:

~ Summer rolls: really fresh julienned veggies and shrimp rolled up in a soft rice roll, dip in peanut sauce and DONE!

~ Grilled pork chop broken rice: Love the marinade they have on the chops!  It's sweet and sour all at the same time.  The broken rice is soo addictive, not as heavy as traditional asian sticky rice or even jasmine rice...the plate looks intimidating because it's a huge amount of rice but it's deceiving, you really do want that much rice on a plate for this one.

~ Grilled beef over vermicelli noodles: I think it's the same marinade as the pork above but this is served over very thin rice noodles.  You add teh fish sauce dressing to the entire thing and toss.  It's heaven in a bowl.  Dish comes lukewarm/room temp because that's how it's supposed to be eaten.

~ Crispy spring rolls: Fried made to order, light and piping hot when it get to your table.  Wrapped in some of the red leaf lettuse that it comes bedded on and it's a real treat.

And the service was attentive but not obtrusive!
Still the best but still over priced. I don't know why I complain it really the best Vietnamese in the city. I should just get over it and enjoy the food.
So I've done Vietnam Palace (which is across the street) a number of times and recently did Vietnam Restaurant (the older of the two I hear) for a friend's birthday.  Very similar places.  I think I like the atmosphere better here - however the food is very similar on both sides of the street.

I started with a chicken lemon grass soup - which was amazing.  I also recommend getting the grilled meat balls and crispy spring rolls off the appetizer menu - my friends got them and the pieces I stole were great.  Unfortunately I got the grilled squid which was a bit chewy - but flavorful.  Either way I wasn't a fan.

For dinner I got the house special broken rice - which was basically jerked meats over rice.  Honestly - it worked... but I can appreciate dry meat if it seems like it was done that way on purpose.  Either way - I liked it, but not enough to order it again when I go back.  I think I'm looking more towards a seafood based dish next time.

If you go - be sure to try one of the wacky milk shake flavors.  Jack Fruit is a favorite for me.  Also - look across Race street for parking - it's cheaper and only a block away.
This is at the TOP of my list for my favorite restaurant in the city! I absolutely LOVE the BBQ platter for 2 people which is a sample of chicken, spring rolls, meatballs and grapeleaves and it comes w/ lettuce and rice paper to wrap all of the tasty goodness up in...AND THEN you are served a peanut sauce to dip your rollup in, which to me was what won me over from the competition across the street. If it's cold, treat yourself to their PHO which is comforting and phenomenal. AND you must order a FLAMING VOLCANO. It is a planter size drink full of different rums and they light it on fire! What entertainment! And sometimes I like to end the evening with some of their delicous and warm rice puddings. Mmmmm...maybe, I'll go there tonight!
I used to love this place, but after seeing their new prices, I just can't.  They've jacked up prices to the point where they're about 75-100% more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants.  I refuse to pay $13.95 for a vermicelli bowl here when I can get a comparable meal just down the street for $6.95 at Pho Xe Lua.  Ridiculous.  Their interior looks nice though.  They have that going for them.
My family was coming to town and my parents only eat Vietnamese food. This is definitely not the place to go, what a disappointment and waste of money. I've eaten at MANY restaurants in my life and this is by far the absolute worst. 

We were a party of 6, each ordered an entree and NO ONE finished anything. Everyone literally took 2 bites and that was it. The broth was practically water, absolutely flavorless and bland. Total bill was about $85 - extremely overpriced for plain noods in water -flavorless and bland. 

I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. Absolute disappointment.
The only dish acceptable at this restaurant is the house special bun (vermicelli).Their spring rolls are the best I've tried at a Vietnamese restaurant because it is so chewy and crispy at the same time. Even so, their portions are small for the $$. 

That being said, I only go here because it is conveniently located in Chinatown, and I often don't feel like driving to the more authentic restaurants. 

Convenient, yes. Authentic, no.
I like this place, but I, like everyone else who has been to both Vietnam Palace and Vietnam Restaurant, can't help but compare the two.  And if I rate Vietnam Palace at a solid 4 stars, I have to give this place 3.5... fortunately for Restaurant, I can't rate half stars, so I rounded up because I have no reason NOT to like this place. 

This sums up my opinion: If Vietnam Palace burned to the ground, Vietnam Restaurant would be my one stop shop for Viet cuisine in Philadelphia. 

Now I have to beg the Lai family not to burn Vietnam Palace down.

Anyway, I cop to being a bit biased here. But, if you'll hear me out, it's because of my personal preferences and the kind of food I personally grew up with, which Palace seems to build on a little bit better, or at least differently, than Restaurant does. And no, it's not because Palace makes it like mom used to. I'm not even Vietnamese, so that can't be the case. But, if I had to say it, the milder flavors of Vietnam Restaurant ARE reminiscent of my family's cooking. And I don't have to pay for that.

Anyway, everything I've ever had at Palace, I've had here: nem nuong, cha gio, vermicelli with charbroiled pork (of course), seafood over pan fried egg noodle, and various broken rice dishes, and just for kicks, pho.

The portions are about the same as across the street (huge), and everything is tasty. You will probably like this place, if not love it, and I admit it's a good way to get acquainted with restaurant style Viet cuisine.

Now for specifics:

The charbroiled pork here is smokier than at Palace, and with a milder twang of fish sauce and lime mixed up in the marinade, it's less pungent and probably much more palatable (and thus recommendable) to those who have never tried Vietnamese street meat before.

The cha gio (fried pork spring rolls, otherwise known as "imperial rolls") here is much more evenly textured and flakier/crisper than Palaces. The thing is, I love Palace's cha gio because the mushrooms and carrots that are inside are much more coarsely chopped, and the whole thing is fried at a higher temperature (or possibly with a different skin) to make it crunchy (versus crispy/flaky).

The nem nuong, like the char broiled pork, is smokier, yet milder. Texture is about the same - think meat balls, with a grilled caramelized dusting on the outside. 

Vermicelli is, well, vermicelli. So really, for me, the difference came down to the accompanying meat. I've already covered that topic.

As for atmosphere, this place is built with multiple cozy dining rooms. The bathrooms are nicer, if a bit cramped. There's also a bar I've never been to at the top.

The ambiance is nice. I'm always a fan of dim lighting and dark woodwork. They're not quite as "modernized" in appearance as their neighbor, but that's because Palace's most recent renovation was sometime in the last 5 years, whereas Restaurant has looked this swanky since the 90s. 

Check this place out. It won't disappoint. I just can't rate it on the same level as Palace.

Pro-tip: Ask for peanuts on the side. They seem to be much more peanut shy over here, which is definitely prudent considering how many people have peanut allergies. I'm so happy I don't.

PS
I'm just going to say it, because I have no other way to express it. For whatever reason, over the years, I noticed the following: white people like this place better than Vietnam Palace. Just saying.
so this place is way too pretty for a vietnamese restaurant.
i went for a friend's birthday, and there was a party of 12 of us, and they wouldn't let us make reservations.  uh, what?

the food was pretty tasty.  i got the crispy noodles.  the seafood was fairly fresh (my tongue didn't swell from the shrimp, always a good sign...)  and everyone else seemed to enjoy their food too.  the barbecue platter looked tasty...and so did the crispy spring rolls.

but it helps that the mai tai was ridiculously strong, so probably anything would have tasted good.

lastly....why were the drinks way more expensive in their "bar saigon" area than on their regular menu?
I forgot how good the food is here.

We usually go to Vietnam Palace across the street because of it has a wider range of vegetarian menu items.  But today I shook things up and had lunch at Vietnam.  Veggie spring roll vermicelli and a Vietnamese iced coffee is a delicious lunch.  Not healthy, but thoroughly and completely delicious.

The decor is beautiful too.
I am sorry Philly but you guys don't know what good Vietnamese food is.  Can I please elaborate?  Vietnamese food is very dependent on fresh vegetables and a fish sauce and nam mem (anchovy paste).

I go here ordering some of my favorite VN dishes.  First I order  ground beef with beetle leaf with the anchovy sauce.  They say they don't make that sauce.  I am stunned and ask the waiter.  He says VN people don't come here (instinct tells me to leave).  

So I switch the appetizer to Banh Xeo, VN crepe.  The guys doesn't give me any vegetables and the vegetables they do give me are like cabbage and a mint.  I hear the wait staff saying in VN your customer wants vegetables, like it is bizarre.  Philly people: the contrast in texture of the basil, mint and lettuce with the crackling crisp of the banh xeo with the sauce brings you to heaven.  What they gave me was not properly cooked, too thick banh xeo which I should have returned but was afraid they would do something to my food.

For entree I got the vermicilli with egg rolls.  It was decent but vegetables were rather skimpy.  When I say skimpy, I mean very skimpy because I don't really care fro bean sprouts and I must have sworn I saw like three bean sprouts in the bowl.  Is Philly too cold to get proper vegetable for VN food?  The one positive I can say about this dish though is they used real rice paper for their egg rolls vs Chinese paper to give it more authenticity.  

I should have gone with my original instincts and stuck with the Chinese food in Chinatown.  Yelpers, you let me down.
Last week was my third visit to Vietnam. Service was mediocre and the Vegetable Chow Fun w/ tofu had all the flavor of smoked water. It was seriously awful. Wife tried it and agreed. Maybe it was bong water? Is that what it tastes like? Strike three for this spot unfortunately.
Vietnam is a nicer alternative to the typical Chinatown place. Inside it is pretty large and easily accommodates larger tables. This place was very authentic and their menu was extensive as well. Also, our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and it's items. The menu does a good job of thoroughly explaining items that would be unfamiliar to someone not accustomed to Vietnam cuisine. 

Even though it was about 80% crowded our service was VERY fast which impressed our whole table. I ordered the  Tom Do Tau Xi Crawfish with Black Bean and it was a hefty serving and tasted great. They also have a nice selection of specialty drinks including some with 151 that do the job. I had the Vietnamese beer, 333, which was great.

I will be definitely be returning here in the future.
This appetizer: 

14. Bo Tai Chanh
(VIETNAMESE CARPACCIO) Thinly Sliced Raw Flank Steak Marinated in Lime Juice Topped with Vietnamese Herb and Crushed Peanuts

is worth a visit on its own.  Simple, but amazing.  

Overall this is a good place, maybe a little overpriced, for Vietnamese.  I should mention...  not particularly kid-friendly (no high chairs???).  Just because you all have black t-shirts on doesn't mean you're too cool for pre-school.
Good, but literally double the cost of any Vietnamese restaurant in South Philly. There are items on the menu (see: squid vermicelli bowl) that I have not seen elsewhere, so keep that in mind before you overlook the place. Otherwise, it is clean and nice, although I'm fairly certain that their food quality is on par with anything at eleventh and Washington. Meaning perhaps not worth the extra $$$.
They have a stocked bar for cocktails, which is not  common in vietnamese restaurants (most of us are lightweights). They've been mentioned in several magazines, which is apparent at the entrance, but probably just for being the one of two vietnamese restaurants in philly with the other one being directly across the street. Other than that, the've got nice napkins...?

The service was average, and the vegetarian eggrolls were way below average. Veggie in this case means "no meat," and doesn't mean "vegetables." Go figure! It was a fried not yet golden brown roll, with vermicelli, a mushroom or two and pepper...everywhere. It was so peppery I couldn't taste much else. It was stronger than sriracha. The fish sauce was sugary, without a kick.  We have a term in Vietnamese, pronounced "Zuhh-Ehhhggccck!" That's what I told my mom about it. 

.
My friends were craving for Asian food without too much walk in Philly.  We just found this restaurant via yelp.  The decor for this restaurant is definitely nicer than other Pho restaurants.  However, I was a bit disappointed with the food.  yes its pricey compare with how much I normally paid in LA.  Yes the food does have some MSG feel to it and yes its somewhat greasy but I did get my stomach filled with some food.  We all left happy.  

The taste is kinda blend and unremarkable but I guess for Philly, I have to settle with what they have here.
My three star rating is based on value for the dollar.  I was jones'n for PHO on a wintery day.  My usual place on Race and 9th was closed.  I had been wanting to try this as part of my goal to eat at every restaurant in Chinatown.  This one has a cozy warm feel.

I must say I was disappointed at the portion size for $6.95.  It came in a bowl the size of a diner soup bowl.  It had about a 90/10 % noodle to broth ratio and about 1 oz of sliced beef.  The flavor was good, but on the light side as PHO broth's go.  And to their credit they did give me an extra bowl of broth at no charge.  I just don't understand why they wouldn't just keep the noodle and meat proportions and put it in a larger bowl with more broth (pennies right?), but the perception of value is greatly increased for little cost.  Oh well, that's just my opinion.

Wouldn't rush back here with all the other options in town.
I vote Vietnam Restaurant for the best crispy veggie spring rolls!  No other vietnamese place has the same crispy texture.  They tend to be flakey rather than this sizzly, bubbly, crunchy texture.  I love the cold vermicelli dishes and the bok choy is wonderful.  The catfish claypot was somewhat salty, but very tasty.  

Vietnam Restaurant has a very calm, quiet feel.  Dark wood with minimal decorations give it a clean, sleek look.  So far, it remains to be my favorite vietnamese place in Philly.
I had pho here last week for lunch and I was not happy with the outcome.  The broth was not very flavorful, and the pieces of pork in it were too old and had an off-taste. The soup was not served hot enough to properly cook the bean sprouts.  I will not get pho here again.  

Cost was around $8.
Whenever I go back to the Philly area I love going to the Vietnam restaurant and getting Pho with my family. Such a clean place with awesome food.
Always a great meal! We like to bring out-of-town guests to eat here, and they always really enjoy it. My favorite dish is #47, Bun Cha Gio Chay (VEGGIE SPRING ROLLS VERMICELLI). The portions are substantial, but you don't feel like death even when you're so full. The Vermicelli Noodle Bowls are lighter fare, but delicious and filling. 

Water glasses are refilled constantly. Food is served very fast, typically ten minutes or less after ordering. To get the full experience, you must order the Flaming Volcano (at least one time!) The drink is meant to be shared, and it adds to the fun of the experience.
I have been eating here since middle school.  I remember coming here after a long day at the beach with the family and we'd stop by on our way home for dinner.  Great food and authentic.  Absolute faves of mine are the Cha Gio (crispy spring rolls), Banh Xeo (vietnamese crpe) and Hu Tieu My Tho (seafood & pork noodle soup).

I definitely recommend it altho get a headstart.  There's no reservations and parking is really hard to find in chinatown.  Just remember...it's worth it and they have a small waiting room with seating..
In a suggested itinerary on MSN Travel, Vietnam Restaurant came highly recommended especially for a short trip to Philly.  We were only in the city for a few days, and I wanted to check this place out as it made it onto this coveted bucket list.  Though we definitely had a decent meal here, and I ogled some amazing-looking  dishes around me as we sat and waited for our food, I still felt ever so slightly underwhelmed.  I guess I've become really spoiled living in New York, namely in Queens, where excellent, excellent (x2!) Vietnamese restaurants are at my disposal.  

Although this resto in Philly was more upscale than the run-of-the-mill Pho Banc's you'd normally see in New York (where you share a 10-top with a bunch of strangers), presentation and taste-wise, there was minimal difference.  In fact, the only difference I could detect was the uptick in price.  That, and better artwork.  They have really beautiful photography adorning the walls.  But honestly, would I pay the premium just to see it?  Pass.

If Vietnamese restaurants are hard to come by in Philly (which I doubt, because I did see another one right across the street), then by all means, give this place a go.  The interior is clean, and furnished with dark tables and chairs, setting the mood for a nice, romantic dinner if you've plans to take a date.  They also have a second floor, which we peeked at right before we left, and it certainly seemed like a cozy space.  

If you're looking for cheap eats however, I might search the neighborhood a little harder.  The food here is pretty good, but slightly expensive (and another Yelp reviewer from Cali, Viv V, who is Vietnamese, does not think this place is truly authentic, either).

One other gripe, when I ordered my Vietnamese wonton noodle soup, I had specifically asked for rice flour noodles instead of egg noodles, and though the waiter had agreed to the substitution, in the end, I was served egg noodles.  Apparently, he did not care for what I had wanted, and to ignore or forget such a small request like that, I think, sheds an unfavorable light on them.

2.5 stars.
I've been going to this place since, as everyone refers to it, the hole in the wall.  My parents have known this family for ages.  I must agree this place is hit or miss, but the cha gio is the best in the city, or anywhere really.  Rather they the usually egg roll wrapper everyone else uses, they use banh chang, which is much more difficult to roll, and produces a very crispy light texture that makes this dish very pleasant.  

Also good here is their banh cuon, which is minced pork with wood's ear rolled in rice noodle, served with fresh steamed bean sprouts and herbs.  On nights we're just in the mood for a traditional home cooked Vietnamese dinner.  We'll order the salt baked squid served crispy and salty with fresh hot peppers, sauteed baby bok choy with garlic, and braised fish in a great caramelized sauce.  All complimented with sweet jasmine rice.  Washed down with a traditional spicy sour soup.  

The staff is friendly and the restaurant is comfortable.  Not all restaurants have 100% fool proof menu's and this one is not an exception, give it a try, and when you find what you like stick with it because I guaranteed you won't find it better anywhere else!
Vietnam is, arguably, my favorite restaurant in the city. 

I came here for my birthday before I moved (it was over this birthday meal that it was officially decided that I would move to Philadelphia) and we have come here every few months since then.

The noodle bowls are great. I prefer the crispy noodle nests with tofu or the vermicelli noodle bowl with tofu. Either way, you can't go wrong. The sauce is mild enough but still flavorful. 

My favorite parts about eating here occur on either end of the main course. The appetizer - crispy veggie spring rolls, SO DELICIOUS. And crispy and the sauce is so good. A little spicy, a little not. And the dessert - the corn or black-eyed pea puddings. The pudding is not your standard pudding. It is warm and milky and sweet. I want to get in that tiny bowl and wiggle around for a while. Maybe take a nap while I'm in there. It is the best. 

Other bonuses: if there's a wait, you can go up to the bar on the third floor and sit and chat, have a drink, and they come to let you know when your table is ready. This is a good date thing. The ambiance is quiet and busy. They give you forks if you're like me and don't want to work while eating and use chopsticks. The food is very, very reasonably priced, as well. 

This place is good for everyone except for babies who only eat McDonalds, soft pretzels, and Chili's.
The steamed bok choi was perfectly done and crispy and the portions were substantial. Lots of menu items to pick from to suit anyone's tastes.

They could benefit from setting up a few cheaper options as the menu was devoid of lunch specials. The main course pricing is on par with any higher-end restaurant in Chinatown. Bar Saigon on the top floor looks like it'd be a nice, quiet happy hour spot with it's lounge-feel.
THE BEST vietnamese restaurant in town.  100 people below me will tell you how fantastic it is, they are all correct.

Vegetarian spring roll vermicelli - my god. Just make sure you don't get the sauce that comes with it - it has a fish base.  I always ask for a side of hoison - and they are happy to oblige.
Disappointing is the name of my experience here at Vietnam Restaurant and Saigon Bar.  Both are housed in the same building, with the restaurant occupying the first two stories and the bar lounge taking up the third.  

They don't take reservations.  Fine.  My party of 6 to 7 all show up within a 15 minute window of each other for an early dinner on Friday night - 7:00 pm.  Myself and one other person were the first to show. We were super hungry and thought that we could get spring rolls or something while we waited at the bar with our drinks.  We were informed that there was NO FOOD ALLOWED at the bar (except for the disgusting shrimp chips that dry out your tongue - weak, especially since we were vegetarian).  

So we wait.  When everyone shows up, the bar staff indicates that because we have 7 people instead of six, we're going to have to wait at least 30 minutes.  Fine.. I'm starving, but I drink up my calories and enjoy the company. 50 minutes later they tell us it'll be at least another five minutes as the party is paying. 10 minutes after that we all trooped downstairs to be seated.

When we get down to the second floor - the room is half empty.  Many many tables were all empty. Seriously... wtf?

Now if all of this resulted in delicious Vietnamese food - all would have been forgiven and forgotten.  Instead - the seafood my friends got were consistently over cooked... I had more grease in my vegetable chow fun noodles than noodles... and the rice noodle with spring roll was simplistic in flavor (i.e. salt, salt, and more salt).  Yuk.

Why two stars despite the disappointment?  They certainly didn't get any stars for the food....
First star - The decor was decent and the lounge-y ambience of the bar comfortable... their cocktail menu also contributes to this star.
Second star - They at least have it together to coordinate between the maitre'd and the bar staff upstairs so that provided you don't have to wait an hour for your table, you can get seated reasonably fast.
Surefire winner on most any day here. Interior has a warm and inviting feel since their updated French colonial renovation years ago-- skirts the balance between atmospheric and convivial. The diverse, clean flavors evident in the cooking are consistently well-executed: rich and vivid w/o feeling heavy-handed. Had an amazing meal of fish in a clay pot here; would recommend just about anything in a clay pot! Great Bun (vermicelli), Goi Cuon (summer rolls), Cha Gio (spring rolls) and soups.  Very affordable, and way better for food and decor than rival Vietnam Palace across the street. Indelibly wedded to my love of Vietnamese food...
This is a pretty dependable place to go for Vietnamese food in Chinatown. I think that this restaurant and the restaurant across the street, Vietnam Palace, are both comparable as far as quality of food and taste.

The main reason I come here is convenience. It's in a great location, right in Chinatown. In fact, this is a great place to run out for lunch and grab a quick bite.

The spring rolls are tasty, and I usually get one of the vermicelli bowls with either spring rolls or char grilled pork. I love the fish sauce that it comes with and usually just empty the sauce into my noodles before I enjoy.
The beef pho was amazing, though served way too hot (temperature). Once it cooled down a bit, and we were able to enjoy, it offered a delicious blend of flavors. 

I also had a chicken curry that was rather bland, served with a blend of red and green pepper that were more on the raw side. 

This is a quaint spot, and I will definitely give it another shot in the future.
I think I just got the wring dish. I was in the mood for grilled pork pho, but when i saw they didn't have it, I changed tracks completely and got chicken chow fun for $13.95.

Pretty much immediately after I placed this order a delicious looking vermicelli bowl with spring rolls came out and I instantly regretted what I had chosen (even though I had already decided that the vermicelli is so bland on its own that I didn't want it). Me and the waiters had trouble communicating and I didn't want to risk getting the wrong item.

Though the menu says spicy, it seems that it's only spiced with black pepper, so it isn't bad at all. My boyfriend ordered the tofu chow fun ($13.50) and it literally tasted like nothing. I'd give it another chance based on just seeing thenspring rolls, but the chow fun dishes were very mediocre and the language barrier became a little frustrating.
*BEWARE*
I would give ZERO Stars across the board. 
Its always a bad sign when its empty on a Saturday afternoon during lunch time. We were the only ones in the restaurant. We order 2 pho, 1 pork chop rice, and a large spring roll. 
Waiter brings in the Pho and the mint drops on the table, doesn't pick it up or brings us a new one. We ask for a new one, and he brings the one that dropped and flips it over. As we start eating the Pho, we found a cockroach inside the noodles. The Waiter wanted to give us a new one, but at this point all of us were sick to our stomach. He was going to charge us for the Cockroach Pho. I said i refuse to pay and see the manager. He hesitantly removed the Cockroach Pho. I still wanted to speak to the manger. He tells me he's not here. Then i ask for the managers number, he said he doesn't know it.  I then ask him what time he's coming back, not surprisingly he doesn't know it. I told him i will wait until the manager comes back. He tells me to leave the restaurant.
This Vietnamese spot was not bad at all. Comes close to a second place (maybe first for some). 

Ordered delivery and had the spring rolls -- which was decent. The shrimp inside was on the thin side but the peanut sauce dip was cool. I had the infamous chicken pho with "beef broth". For me, the beef broth with the chicken is so tasty! I enjoyed the chicken being thinly sliced. The broth was very delicious from Vietnam Restaurant! Mmmm! 

I appreciate when I order takeout for pho -- it comes in an actual to-go bowl. My personal preference. Was not the biggest fan of the packaging from this restaurant.

I would definitely order from here again.
Don't go here if this place is really busy.  The food will come out below average level.  When we went there when this place was packed, the food was so disappointing.  My pho was overcooked, and my bf's food was burnt.
I was willing ot give Vietnam a try, but after seeing the few choices of vegetarian dishes on the menu, I wish I would have gone elsewhere...

Nevertheless, what I got was delicious - Tofu Rolls appetizer, Tofu Vermicelli Bowl and Chinese Brocolli, and Coconut Ice Cream for dessert.

The restaurant was clean, and the service was quick and efficient - although, I felt the prices were a bit expensive...

My firends love this place, but I think I'd pass on it next time - Vietnam Palace across the street has more vegetarian options, I hear...
Despite the masturbatory self gratifying essay on the front of the menu that talks about how they try to attain great flavor in their dishes while staying true to Vietnamese tradition, the food was bland and slightly boring.

We started with #6 for an appetizer, the Goi Cuon (pork and shirmp spring roll).  They were fresh, but lacked imagination.  We then had a Pork Clay Pot (#58), and Deluxe Noodle Soup (#22).  The pork was tender, and had good spice, but too salty.  While it was served with rice, it was lacking something.  The Pho I had tasted a little dirty.  It wasn't like the fresh version almost across the street at Pho Cali, or other places in the area.  The meats were again tender, but boring.  Also, no chili sauce was available.

We didn't stay for dessert.  We probably won't be going back.  I'll admit I am not Vietnamese, nor do I know much about their culture, but Vietnam Restaurant is the Kraft singles version of Vietnamese cuisine.
This was an incredibly disappointing experience. Yelp completely failed me. Service was all but not existent. After sticking us in the back room they forgot about us. We watched another table leave without ever getting served. Wish we had done the same.  None of the spicy dishes even had flavor, much less spice. When. My wife asked about the lack of spice in her soup, she was told it wasn't supposed to be spicy. Yet the dish is called " Spicy lemongrass soup.". My sister-in-ordered a plate of plain noodles for her 4 year old. They came covered and fully dressed. When we sent a dish back, we weren't asked if we wanted something else or offered an apology. The appetizers were the one saving grace, but not enough to make this worthwhile. And then they made us sit around and wait for a bill. Stay away.
Vietnam is one of my favorite Chinatown spots.  It's easily a 4.5 star experience, but I am stingy with my 5 stars.

They have a diverse menu of appetizers, salads, soups, rice/noodle dishes, and entrees.  It is primarily composed of staples that will appeal to the American palate, and all of the dishes are well-executed.  The crispy shrimp, salt and pepper squid, and lemongrass chicken are particular favorites of mine, but every dish I have tried has been tasty.  They have a full bar, and a modest selection of wine, beer (including several Asian brews) and saki.

The staff is very friendly, though they do abide strictly by some slightly annoying policies: all food must be ordered at the same time (no ordering the app first), and no seating until all members of the party have arrived.  I forgive these things because they do manage to keep a very busy restaurant working smoothly and relatively quickly.  In my dozens of trips there, I have NEVER had anything wrong with my order.  

The decor is simple but pleasant with a lot of dark wood and dim lighting.  It can be a little loud when it's crowded, but not to the point that you have to yell.  Since they do not take reservations, you should expect a wait on Friday or Saturday evening.  They have a great bar space on the third floor where you can wait and, if you are wise, enjoy one of their kick-a$$ lemongrass martinis!
Amazing Won Ton soup. Huge bowl to share. Then the pork egg rolls where crisp and melted in your mouth. Then our main meal came. It was some dry meat on the top of cold noodles ????
They only have the fish sauce ( I'm allergic) my guys food had some great sauce on it. I asked if I could have some? No they said it's on that. So heat some up. I'll pay for it?   No. So I ate some dried out meat.  It going back there. His was great. They could even see I wasn't happy and not eating and the waiter shrugged at me. Not going back
I wish I could give Vietnam 3.5 stars. I bumped it up to 4 for two reasons - the ambience and the service. The restaurant decor is nice and clean, especially for those who are wary of other Chinatown establishments. Our waiter was brutally honest, which I appreciate, and let us know which dishes NOT to order (shouldn't everything on the menu be good?) 

The spring rolls were tasty, probably not the best I've ever had though. The portion was very generous so it filled me up. It's a good thing because the pho was the smallest I've ever seen (like cereal bowl size). Perfect for a child, but not a hungy man. Next time I think I'll try a BBQ dish instead.
Decent food, but I'm not sure I'd go back.  The chicken dishes my bf and I had tasted like reheated chicken.  The veggie spring rolls that everyone raves about were not good--they tasted soapy.  Friends we went with had veggie tofu dishes that they loved and come to Vietnam for.  Perhaps this is a hit or miss kind of restaurant.  Nice atmosphere and decor.
I had never really sampled Vietnamese food but I went on the recommendation of a friend of mine who loves this place. It's a small place in Chinatown, right across from Vietnam Palace (where I have not eaten yet). The decor inside is very cozy with wooden tables by windows, without being crowded at all. 

We ordered the crispy crepe for the appetizer. It's huge! I'm glad we got it to share because on its own, it certainly feels like a meal. It's pan-seared flour stuffed with ample shrimp and bean sprouts. They serve a chili vinegar dipping sauce which pairs very well with the crepe. 

For my entree I got the grilled pork chops over rice. They were amazing! Very lightly flavored with scallion oil and the house sauce, they were tender and delicious. The rice was cooked well too. It was a simple dish but very satisfying.

Next time I go, I really want to try the vermicelli noodle bowls! The menu is very extensive and contains a multifarious ensemble of options that all look tasty. I'll certainly be coming back.
do not confuse this with the one right across the street with the same name...? THE ONE BY THE POLICE STaTION IS THE ONE!!!
the staff that works there is fast, friendly, and helpful. I left my stupid scarf there and they had it still after two months under the front desk in a bag. Not crumpled in a pile. (thank you). I have been going there since college...any broken rice dish is excellent for children, the grape leaves are excellent...the food is fresh and the portions are huge. I have always had f ast service so you can totally fit in a lunch there...and not sit there forever in a big group waiting for food , that's so annoying right!
try a rainbow ice!
its a ping pang in your mouth.
This is one of our favorite places in Philadelphia. The food is great, very reasonably priced, and the service is solid. I love the lime chicken, my wife loves the chicken and broken rice. The crispy spring rolls are amazing.
This is a true gem in the heart of Chinatown.  I grew up eating authentic Vietnamese food and was exposed to the wonder that is pho at a young age through my best friend growing up.  The savory flavor and tasty beef puts a whole new twist on soup.  The pho is amazing at Vietnam and another favorite of mine is the fried rice.  The spring rolls are to die for.  I enjoy the ambiance and food at affordable prices.  Great place to grab an ethnic meal with friends.
Not as cheap as the Vietnamese places on Washington between 16th and the Italian Market, but definitely a better atmosphere.  Food is served nearly as soon as you place your order so there's not much time to build up an appetite.  Come hungry!
Well, the pho here isn't bad, but the best part of this restaurant is the spring rolls - fresh, hot and totally worth a trip to eat. But, everything else here, unfortunately, was only normal, and that meant I often stopped here for an order of spring rolls to go, and little else.

They do have a decent waiting space as it does get busy here, but they are certainly swift in clearing up tables and clearing you out as you finish up. Drinks here are a bit on the weak side, almost cloyingly sweet.
I dined here for dinner with my family on a Saturday night.  I had the shrimp and pork roll and #22 Deluxe Noodle Soup.  I liked the roll but especially the dipping sauce.  Our waiter told us that the bowl for the noodle soup would be very large.  It really wasn't that big.  Certainly not the same size as other authentic Vietnamese Pho places I've been to.  Despite that the noodle soup was very good.  For those with babies, they do not have high chairs so be sure to bring a stroller with you.
