ME and my wife have been eating at Vietnam Cafe for a few years now and decided to order takeout tonight. I was happily surprised that the wait time was  only 15 minutes! In the past, dining in would have a 25 min wait time.

My favorite by far were the spring rolls. I forgot to take a pic of them, but they were so light, flavorful, and crispy as it gets. I even ate the random lettuce used for decoration and dipped that in the eggroll sauce.
 
My pad thai was pretty solid, too. The texture of the noodles was good, but I did expect more spice, more peanuts, and there were no shallots at all which made me a little sad. They aren't known for their pad thai, so I wished I tried something else. (Does anyone have any suggestions? Hint. Hint.)

Overall, the quick turnaround time for ordering is well worth putting vietnam cafe in the take-out rotation
Vietnam Cafe was a last minute dinner destination after spending Sunday afternoon in West Philly. My husband and I arrived feeling pretty hungry so we started off with two apps: veggie fried spring rolls and shrimp papaya salad. We also ordered the coconut drink and the Vietnamese limeade. Both were delicious but the coconut drink was extra refreshing and complementary with the food. 

The starters were really great. The spring rolls were hot and perfectly crunchy while the papaya salad was light but full of flavor. These went together really well. 

For mains, I tried the Mongolian beef while my husband had the lemongrass chicken. The flavors in each dish were really complex and intense. My only suggestion for the beef dish would be for the chefs to cut the meat into smaller, bite-sized pieces. Also, the servings were large enough to bring home leftovers for dinner the next night. 

I can easily see this review getting upgraded to five stars if future visits continue to impress. I'll definitely try to get back sooner than later!
I really love this place as well as their smaller restaurant in Chinatown. 

Decades ago, when I lived in West Philly, Baltimore Avenue and the surrounding streets were pretty much devoid of restaurants. The one I frequented most in my student days was Lucky Chinese. It was very Americanized Cantonese and had the elegance of an old athletic sock. You ordered your food to go through a very thick plexiglass shield, paid through a metal drawer and your food came out through that same drawer. Sort of like prison. But I digress... 

Walking into either Vietnam Cafe always makes me immediately hungrier than when I first set out to go there. It smells absolutely delicious, the West Philly location has low key, attractive decor and a nice looking bar which you see when you first enter as well as large specimen plants. There's no sitting and getting thiristier, hungrier and hangrier. No matter what you order, your food and drink arrives very quickly. 

Over the years I've enjoyed sitting at the bar, alone or with a friend or two, drinking their well made martinis or a few polynesian cocktails (these really sneak up on you!) and eating crispy crepes, crispy spring rolls, green papaya salad with various proteins and/or their grilled meatballs. The casualness of eating at the bar is very relaxing. I've always been well taken care of and the service is almost invisible. It's not a 'scene' bar, it's rarely elbow to elbow drinking patrons and thus it's almost as comfortable as eating and drinking at home, minus the pajamas and a few cats hanging out and begging for treats. 

Nothing on the food menu is revolutionary but everything I've eaten here over a span of numerous visits has been fresh, well prepared, plentiful and most satisfying. Their wonton noodle soup is is not 'just' wontons. It also has egg noodles and comes with a generous side of fresh bean sprouts, limes and cilantro so you can customize your soup encounter. The chicken broth is rich and flavorful and no matter how many other dishes I plan to order, if I get the soup, I get a large size because it's THAT good. 

A favorite chef's special, if I am dining with a friend and we just feel like grazing and chatting, is the b.b.q. sampler. It's a very large wooden bowl piled high with crispy spring rolls, beef stuffed grape leaves, grilled chicken, grilled meatballs, rice vermicelli, lettuce, rice paper, crushed peanuts and 2 sides of sauces. One thing I adore about this dish is the plastic rice paper holder. One partition holds the dry wrappers and the other, lower partition holds the water you spin the wrappers in so they can be hydrated prior to filling. And yes, indeed, I am very easily amused. This sampler is comforting in winter, refreshing in summer and very filling without being nap inducing. The broken rice dishes are excellent and the chef has a light touch with fish sauce. 

No matter how busy either place is, I have never been rushed, the servers are consistently courteous and solicitous, requests for extra anything-sriracha, lettuce leaves, sliced jalapenos-whatever-are quickly responded to and I always feel valued as a dining customer. I've come here grotty and hung over, in my best clothes for business meetings, for silly evenings with friends in drag-pre and post show-and everything in between. The hospitality is unflappable and ever present. 

Philly as a whole is now a culinary destination. Unlike the 60s and 70s, Baltimore Avenue and West Philly are dining destinations now as well. Don't let the constant search for the new and novel keep you from enjoying what Vietnam Cafe has to offer. It will not let you down.
I give this restaurant 5 stars for their ambience and service. The restaurant is pretty, full of windows, open while remaining intimate, and comfortable;  the service is absolutely impeccable-- someone else mentioned being treated like royalty and i must agree wholeheartedly and offer up my personal proof that even with gaps of months between visits, these waiters remember me (and my drinking habits) and manage to mock me politely and quite hysterically the entire time I am there (and occasionally, according to friends, even when I am not).

I give this restaurant 1 star because the food is always pretty when served but doesn't always taste so great . (for example, I found their chicken-- in several different incarnations-- to have been pretty dry most times). I admit to knowing someone who was a mere four numbers away from having ordered and eaten every single food-item on the menu when they re-did it and he had to start all over again (at the time of re-menu-ing, there were something like 69 or 75 foods and 88 or 90 numbers?). Although it seemed  a challenge to do, the challenge of picking which was the first one he'd order again when done the circuit  turned out to be bigger, (which also says a lot about the food to me, too). I treat it like tapas now and stick to combinations of appetizers when i must...

I give this restaurant 5 stars for the quality of their drinks but 3 stars for the prices-- for an average of 4 stars. They have awesomely huge mug specials that my friends all love, like the Flaming Volcano, Angry Bachelor, Drunken Maiden, etc. (I don't even remember if those are the right names but the mugs are cool) but for me, what makes Vietnam Cafe stand out is that they offer the consistently best Amaretto Sours I have ever had in my life and keep my hand filled the entire time I am there. (I love a good, crisp amaretto sour more than anything in the world). If they ever sink so low as to have Phillies games on at the bar, I might just rent a stool. 

so, in the end I find that 10 total stars divided by 3 aspects is actually 3 1/3 stars for the whole experience. I want to give them more, but I feel like it would only deserve more if it were a bar, which it's not, so... since it IS a restaurant and I have yet to find a go-to, consistenty good meal to order there, the vietnam cafe is stuck with a hard-earned 3 from me.
I hate to sound like a broken record, but I gotta concur with my fellas: Vietnam Cafe knows what's up. 

Cute decor? Check.

BYOB? Bam.

Super friendly, speedy service? Yep.

Delicious food which never disappoints?  Oooooh, yessssss.

Reasonably priced? Uh-huh.

Great view of the overweight crazy-curler lady who talks to herself while walking up and down the block in hot pink knee-highs? Hell to the yeah.

Sure, it's cozy, but it seems like everyone else there knows what a sweet little gem this place is. Which means they're my kind of people.

Way to go, Vietnam. And sorry about that whole war thing.
Lately, Cedar Park has seen a little boom in economy. Vietnam Cafe came in around the same time Dock Street and Wake Up Yoga came about. Unlike Dock Street, I don't see myself getting sick of this place. It's owned and operated by the same family that runs the beloved Fu-Wah right next door and the food is out of control good. I went in two days ago for the first time since their grand opening and my belly was happy. We started out with grilled shrimp, then the pork claypot which is amazing. Also, the vermicelli special, which has every kind of meat ever. All for under $40. As we ate, all we could murmer was, we are so glad this place is here.
Was here 7y ago and while I recall not the items ordered, I can remember most how one feels afterwards which is such immense happiness of such great food. West PHL was more so back then lacking in Viet options so Vietnam Cafe was even more outstanding for offering such serious, tasty, and reliable Viet cuisine. The ambiance is also befitting the nice area and so I long to be back.
As people have mentioned, you first have to note the atmosphere - this place is frickin adorable. The bar, the lighting, the bathrooms, they all look inviting and purrrrty. 

One minus is a 10$ per person minimum, when you can get a bowl of Pho for around 6 bucks. You're kind of required to get an appetizer. Which is fine - the spring rolls are bangin (and they cut them up into chopstick-ready sizes). I ordered wonton noodle soup with mixed vegetables add-on (an extra couple bucks). It was super yummy, and perfect for my sniffly self when I added some sriracha and hoisin. 

All in all, a good experience, aside from the feeling of being nitpicked for every dollar. Luckily, with each of us getting pho and sharing the appetizer it came to $30.25 - just made it.
Really wish I could add more to this review. However, it's been said over and over and over again in the reviews prior. All you need to know about this place is #37. You won't need anymore :)

They also have some funky lime, soda sugar concoction that was pretty good, but can't say it was worth the $3.50 they charge for it. Service is superb. Quick to offer menu suggestions, keep your drinks filled, and even give you little tips on how to eat rice with chopsticks. Def worth the trip into West Philly on a cold winter night!
Beautiful space, delicious food & higher than average prices for Vietnamese food.  Plus a full bar and kid friendly too.  All of the above makes it worth a stop here either with adults, kids or both.  I believe the owners are the same as Vietnam restaurant on 11th St in Chinatown (east side).  Consistently high quality food and good service.  Plus free parking in a next door lot, which helps in West Philly with the ever encroaching hordes of students. 

All in all, if you are craving great Viet food in West Philly, this is it.  If you are on a budget, go next door to Fu-Wah for an amazing and cheap banh mi or else head on over to South Philly.
Right next door to Fu-Wah, this is run by the same people who run Vietnam in Chinatown. And it shows - the place is decorated in the same classy, dark style and I think even has some of the same servers. And of course, the pho is just as tasty.

Finally a good Vietnamese restaurant in West Philly has arrived. The soup is seasoned just right, the pho is fresh and the meat is tasty. No more need to go to Chinatown or Washington Ave for me :) It has been consistently very busy during dinner time, and they don't take reservations, so if you're going with a large group, expect a wait.
Vietnam Cafe still serves mediocre-to-disappointing food in a nice, comfortable space.

I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars.

MAIN DISHES
** Bo luc lac was ok, but the meat was tough.
*^ Grilled salmon fillet with bok choy was disappointing. The salmon was too tough and overcooked (although I'd asked & the waiter said they could cook it to my specifications)
*^ Saigon noodles were bland. Not good, not recommended.
* Marinated crispy duck was not good. Meat was very tough. Not recommended.

VEGETABLE SIDE DISHES were middling, with small portions 
*** Bok choy with garlic: Bok choy was solid. Small portion.
**^ Broccoli was okay, nothing special. Small portion.
** Mixed vegetables were mostly overly large pieces of broccoli and cauliflower. No flavour. Small portion.

DESSERT
** Corn rice pudding was just rice pudding with some sweet corn & not especially good

SERVICE
Aside from misleading me about the kitchen's willingness/ability to not-overcook the salmon I ordered, service was acceptable.
I couldn't decide between the pork vermicelli or the squid, so I asked the server for his suggestion. Grilled squid, it is! The squid was very tasty - cooked just right with a nice grilled char. Overall I enjoyed the dish a lot, but I was missing the mint that usually accompanies bun at other places. Definitely add a pork spring roll to your bun, it's one of the best I've had. Super crunchy with excellent filling. My dining companion is a vegetarian and she went with the salt and pepper tofu. It was delicious and she was very pleased. 

Service was attentive and we each spent about $15 for a satisfying and fresh dinner, perfect for hot summer days.
When a place receives as much hype as here did before it even opened (seriously - it was all over the likes Phillyblog and Philebrity well beforehand) you just have to go down and find out how good it is for yourself. Especially when your within walking distance. So I was more than psyched to meet up with a friend over the weekend and find out how it ranked.

So was it worth the hype? In a small way it wasn't. the majority of food options that it offered were Pho and Roll related. this is something that I'm definitely not knocking (far far from it). I've just heard so much good things about the families track record with Vietnam Restaurant. and I stand by the hoagies that they offer at Fuh-Wah for life. So while I enjoyed the options and felt they sufficed, I kind of walked in picturing more. I also have to second what everyone else says about the size. I definitely felt like I was bumping elbows and conversations with the family across from us throughout the entire meal. at least they were friendly.

But In a big way it also ended up being worth the hype. the food was big time amazing. We split an order of crispy vegetable rolls and they were good to the last bite. for my entree I went with the Shrimp Broken Rice, and was able to get Squid added on for $2.50. Huzzah! my friend devoured his Pho bowl in less than 10 minutes. Also have to give it up for the service. No matter what spot they work in. This family really knows how to dish out  a lot of good service through out a meal.

So in the end I was happy to consider here another great spot in my neighborhood.
I may struggle to get the faucets in the bathrooms here working, but I never struggle with what to order: #37, the House Special Vermicelli. Were you thinking of getting the delicious crispy spring rolls as an appetizer? No need, they're in here. In the mood for a little bit of chicken? Yep, there's some in this bowl. Curious to try their "meat balls"? Two links of that sausage await you. And there's more roasted pork than you thought you needed. The inclusion of cucumbers and lettuce even tricks your mind into thinking that all this fried meat isn't so bad for you. They include enough nuoc mam sauce to effectively douse your bowl, plus some hot sauce on top of pickled carrots. I can always make two meals out of it, which stretches out the $13 price tag pretty well.

Now that you know what to order, I wish you luck in turning on the sinks in the restrooms.
I had never tasted "real" Vietnamese food prior to coming here, so my expectations and excitement were through the roof. 

Things seemed to be off to a very good start when they brought out their seriously expansive beverage list. I was very pleased to see Singha (my favorite beer from Thailand) on the menu! We ordered a couple of brews and dared to split the house special--the Flaming Volcano! This thing is huge; you've been warned.

I deferred to the wisdom of my friends for what to order. What followed was truly unbelievable. I could not believe the vast amount of food that was brought to our table, to be shared family-style. Everything was delicious (I wish I knew the exact names). The Spring Rolls were definitely my favorite though! 

All in all, this is a fantastic place. The service was friendly and courteous, the atmosphere was lively and welcoming, and the food was scrumptious. Vietnam Cafe has certainly set the bar dangerously high for this particular cuisine!
Why haven't you been yet?

GOD, the food was so on-point. The service was EXCELLENT. The wait was nill. This place was made for good reviews. Great decor, great staff, amazing food, great location. Try the crispy pork spring rolls, the pork clay pot, and anything else you want. Vietnam will not disappoint. srsly. 

It is a quaint little place. I mean really little. But I like that in a BYOB. You feel special to have gotten a seat.
I ate here last night and cannot wait to go back!

I actually ate here years ago for the first time.  I don't really remember what I had, but I remember it being delicious and reasonably priced.  So, I decided to refresh my memory with another trip.  This time I brought a group of 16 people.

Now, bear in mind that Vietnam Cafe is unapologetic about not taking reservations.  I decided to call ahead anyhow just so that they would have some idea that a group of our size was coming.  The person who answered the phone was curt, but did suggest that we arrive at 6:30 rather than 7.  I was a little nervous about the treatment we would receive upon arrival.  (Note that we are a group of African American women which sometimes impacts our treatment at restaurants.)

Alas, my fears were quickly allayed!

Our group started with yummy (strong) drinks at the bar.  The place was busy, but 10 minutes later two friendly waitresses seated us at two tables of 8 alongside each other.  I had not realized that it was restaurant week and had an amazing meal for $15 (+beverage +tax and gratuity = $32) Ladies and gents, THIS is the place to go during U City restaurant week.  The portions were generous and it just felt like ordering from the standard menu (minus the seafood offerings).  Our servers were great, although the waiter at one table was decidedly slower than the other.

I ate:
- pork spring rolls
- chicken curry
- green tea ice cream

I also drank a drink with a fancy name, a pretty cup, and a strong kick.  Next time I will order the grilled shrimp because it looked sooooo good.

Overall, my experience was once again fabulous.  Highly recommended.
Beautiful.  Just beautiful.  

I went with a couple of friends.  The food was magnificent, though our waiter insisted that we place our orders at the same time (no ordering your appetizer before the main course, either.)  they seemed to be in a rush to close the kitchen that night, as well, which was a shame, as one of my friends was running late.  Other than that, though, our service was excellent.  The server was attentive and careful.

I ordered a pork dish, which I very rarely do, because pork seems to be so hit-or-miss at restaurants like these, and I was NOT in the mood for a miss.  I was in luck!  My dish was perfectly seasoned - savory, tangy, with hints of chili here and there--nothing short of exquisite.  Just writing about it makes me hungry.

The interior is elegant and minimalist.  Dark and polished.  Kinda sexy, but not totally hot.  The place is very small, though, so if you're going on a busy night, you might want to call ahead.
Vietnam Cafe exceeded all my expectations. Being part Vietnamese and having been to Vietnam a trillion of times, my tastebuds will not stand any kind of subpar pho. I was a little weary on my way here, but this place offers a nice vibe and great food. I was excited because I've never been to a Vietnamese restaurant with a bar, so that super hyped me up. Woot woot! (I promise I'm not an alcoholic lolol). Not only that, but I've never been to an Asian restaurant that made an effort with decor and had bomb food at the same time. 

The prices were a few dollars more than your average Pho joint, but still very affordable. The menu had an amazing selection of food. I can't wait to try other things. 

I got beef pho and my boyfriend got beef stew noodles. The food was just nom, not lacking flavor and the meat was fresh and tender. We also got a flaming volcano cocktail bowl to share which was amazing. 

I have nothing bad to say about this place. Will be back soon!
as far as vietnamese goes, this is one of the best finds in philly.  i like it even better than their sister restaurant, vietnam - probably mostly for its more modern ambiance, food's about the same.  tofu vermicelli is just excellent... some weird lime soda thing was also delicious, and a perfect accompaniment to too-much-sriracha situations.
I enjoyed my last visit to Vietnam Cafe.

Spring rolls are tasty & are fried to a nice crisp.

Sweet & sour traditional fish soup (canh chua ca) is very flavourful and comforting.  Love that tangy flavour!  You can ask for it to be served with some bun/vermicelli to make a meal of it.

I wouldn't recommend the Shrimp Basil (tom toi que).  Shrimp was overcooked, broccoli seemed undercooked, and the dish was so-so.
So I went back yesterday night after a long weekend of gas station bits, and catered wedding food. I was hungry for something good and I had the BBQ platter on my mind. It has been talked up on Yelp and through the grape-vine so I had high expectations for said platter. 

The BBQ platter did not disappoint. At all. It was phenomenal. My s.o. and I split this enormous meal. It was more then enough food for the two of us. It came with these delightful crispy spring rolls, vermicelli, lettuce for wrapping, chicken, beef stuffed grape leaves, rice wraps, some veggies, and these meat sticks. Man it was great. It was presented well, smelled of heaven, and tasted like glory.

The atmosphere in this tiny little restaurant is what other places wanting a 5 star rating should model themselves after. Everyone is super friendly, the décor is beautiful, the bathrooms are clean, and the wait wasn't even an issue. 

You've earned your 5th star Vietnam Café. You've earned it well. So well that I may have to go and re-evaluate my other 5 star ratings...
Had a chance to try this beautifully decorated establishment during our last visit to Philly. While it does cost bit more than your traditional Vietnamese restaurants, the service and atmosphere definitely is a step up above. We had a larger group about 8-10 and were seated quite promptly around 5pm on a Sunday afternoon.

The service was quite friendly and fast, I guess given that most of our orders were in the Vermicelli group it was pretty easy to serve everyone's food up at once. Despite the fancy restaurant look the food still retain that traditional Vietnamese flavor that I crave for. You probably wouldn't come here just for Vietnamese food cravings but definitely for a larger party or more special occasion this place is well deserve your time and money for a great meal. Overall quite recommended for those that wants to spend time enjoy the food.
West Philly IS. NOT. MY. Scene. so when we were wondering around on the hottest day of the year looking for some place to eat I was scurred.  

Vietnam Cafe, owned and operated by the same folks as my beloved Vietnam in Chinatown,  delivered hardcore.  I had the tofu vermicelli and there was so much food that my lunching companion had to finish it up for me.  It was delicious.   Service was really good as well.  There was some little asian kid who loudly and proudly (and falsely) exclaimed that he just got out of Juvie and that pants wetting lollercoaster made my afternoon.
This is a sister restuarant of Vietnam Restaurant downtown.  Don't be fooled, curtains cover most of the windows, the entrance is around the corner on Warrington Ave.  Also, the restaurant has private parking, which is rare for West Philly.
Apparently I love Asian food, because even after about a week of eating at various Asian restaurants I was still pleasantly surprised by West Philly's Vietnam Cafe.
There was no western style silverware on the table, but I asked the hostess (who was about to clear a table) for a fork and she had it in a flash!  Also, the $10 min per person wasn't very attractive, but the restaurant looks newly remodeled, so I guess I understand.
We dropped in at 7:30 on a Saturday night waited 10 minutes for a table in the very stylish lounge/waiting area while we looked at the extensive menu.  After we were seated we ordered numbers 4, 32, and 47.  Crispy Pork Spring Rolls were delicious and bite size.  
I was going to go for the Chicken curry, but at the last minute I switched to Claypot Chicken.  It's a little hard to explain, but I'll try.  Mix chicken, sweet onion, ginger, and just a touch of anise in a clay pot, bring to a boil, and serve.  Usually I do not like anise, but all flavors were very well balanced.  My company had Beef Vermicelli, the beef was very very tender as were the noodles.  Nothing was overly spicy, but honestly, it'd make me SO happy to get too much rice instead of not enough for once...

Next time I'm going back for cocktails!
After gorging @ Mood Café and wishing it had a lounge to push away from the table and offer time to digest, I realized the only alternative was a strong dose of caffeine if I was to make it home alert enough to dodge all the gaping potholes between West Philly and Bucks County. 

 Perhaps it was Devine Intervention, but as I turned the corner onto 47th Street, I saw the bright red neon of the Vietnam Café.  The image of a big glass of Vietnamese Coffee filled my head, giving me an immediate jolt of anticipation.  My parking angel was also accommodating; providing a space almost right in front of its door.  I uplifted a smile in gratitude. 

Walking in, it was apparent that design and expense were put into the space.  It was very pleasant with many windows, attractive lighting, cozy tables, and a nice bar.  That was where I headed after advising the host/manager/owner that I was only interested in coffee.  The place was not crowded for a Saturday night, and there were a few empties at the bar.  The gracious gentleman did not skip a beat, and welcomed me to take a seat and he would see to the coffee.  Moments later, he was behind the bar, depositing my personal drip stainless steel press in front of me.  It sat on top of a thick cocktail glass with a half inch of Condensed Milk at the bottom.  I watched the dense brown colloid infuse the Milk, drip by drip.  I had time to take out my phone and check with Yelp about the place.  I learned that I had been in its sister ship, Vietnam on 11th 
Street, in the past.  This made sense, given the attention to detail not often found in VN joints.  I also perused the menu, wishing I was hungry enough for a Banh Mi and a Com dish.  

The coffee hit the spot and I decided to indulge with a Spring Roll to be a good sport.  It arrived precut and with a rich sweet/spicy sauce.  It was fried, a small surprise, but quite good.  I was in and out in about 45, deciding that I would definitely return for a full repast to show my appreciation for the graciousness extended, and the karmic smile bestowed.
Sorry to disagree with everyone here..
I've been here a few times and the bottom line is I've been to better Vietnamese places.  Including my friend's mom's kitchen... which may be unfair.  But I've also been to better commercial Vietnamese places.

The pho is just okay.  It's not especially good but it's not really bad.  The broth is unremarkable.  The other things I've tried here was the squid dish which was a bit bland and too oily, as well as a couple of the summer/spring rolls.  

They have a sister restaurant in Chinatown, which if you don't mind the drive, head over in that direction instead.  You may find a better priced joint with similar food..
I've been here many times over the years. It is a consistent spot for good Vietnamese food and also serves up some fun cocktails. The food is always flavorful, prices are right and service is always quick and efficient. They have a small bar area with seating and sometimes it's nice to grab a seat there on a  weeknight and hang out without all the crowds that come with crowded bars. The place is visually appealing with glowing, colorful lanterns and spacious seating. Tonight I got the pork chop with broken rice and it was delicious. Excellent flavor! My kid got the salt and pepper tofu and enjoyed it. Check it out. It's a good place.
The reviews are right, this place is classy, but a little cramped.  It's easy to overhear the conversation at the the table next to you, but that to me is half the fun.  The menu is short and not fully developed but the food so far is delicious and simple, not smothered in sauce or spiced up past recognition.  I would get there early for anything that wasn't a couple.  The service is great and friendly and it's a BYOB which cuts way down on the cost.  All in all, a great eat.
Shared the BBQ platter and Banh Xeo with my hubby.  This was just enough food to satiate without over stuffing ourselves.  Both dishes were excellent.  Presentation is simple but everything is fresh and seasoned perfectly.  The dipping sauces are very tasty too!  

The wait staff is very attentive, food is served in a timely manner, and there isn't much of a wait for anything.

The restaurant is a bit small but I never felt as if I was invading anyone's space.  (although I must admit I was eyeing up other diner's choices so I would know what to order next time)  Also, we went on a Thurs night at 7pm and there was virtually no wait.  We're definitely coming back.
Something about a fancified Vietnamese restaurant is really offputting. The restaurant itself is really nice - pretty decor, roomy, and with a nice looking full bar. 

However, I don't think this is how Vietnamese food was meant to be! The bowls of pho are really small and not as tasty as other restaurants. The food in general was so-so. It also was significantly more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants that have much better food. The server called my male dining partner a lady by accident, and then when he realized his mistake he made up for it by spending the rest of the night calling him "bro."

I prefer cheesy or no decor and great food than a pretty restaurant with expensive okay food.
Maybe I'm missing something? Yeah, it's a cute little place and a BYO, but I really found the food lacking. Completely flavorless and not spicy at all, even though I asked for mine extra spicy. I sampled a few dishes from the people I was with, and while they were gushing over them I wasn't the least bit impressed. Vientiane Cafe, around the corner, is much better (and they grow their own hot peppers there that you can get by request).

Edit: Apparently it's no longer a BYO....
Great meal in West Philly! Our server was very attentive even though we were so indecisive. Definitely order a spring roll, they're super crispy and not very oily. Chicken claypot had a lot of pepper but had great flavor. I just wish there was a little bit more meat in the dish.
My picky and never satisfied mother loved this place and has asked me to bring her back. I came here months ago for restaurant week and was totally happy with my food. During that time I read the menu to make sure it would be worth coming back. As you know the menu during restaurant week is totally different from the standard menu. Of course months later it was but I'm easy, my mother on the hand not so much. After about fifty questions and 20 minutes of apprehension she settled on Basil Shrimp. I am so thankful she really liked the shrimp they were a nice size and plenty of them. She loved the flavor and texture, not rubbery like shrimp can be. had Pho that was highly enjoyable. 

The decor is past and current Vietnam with a nice sized bar, private dining room and a large dining area. During warmer months there is outside seating. All of the servers area prompt and highly efficient.
Let me preface my 2-star review by saying that this is a new restaurant and that there's always kinks to work out. I will be coming back again to see how things change.

The food is good. I should state that from the outset. I had the fried tofu appetizer [sorry, can't remember the exact name] which really hit the spot. I followed that up with beef over broken rice. The meat was very tasty and tender. I would certainly order this again.

My negative points: when I arrived at the restaurant, I was meeting my friend there. When I entered, I was asked how big my party was and then was sat. This was around 5:30pm. My party was a few minutes late in arriving and when it became apparent that I was going to be alone for a few moments, I informed the waiter and asked if I could order an appetizer. The waiter told me that the chef only allowed a one-time ordering process. And with that, my waiter walked away, not asking if I'd like something to drink and not even offering water! I thought this was very rude. And to top things off, the hostess [owner, I think] asked if I would give up my table and wait outside since my party had yet to arrive. As one who's run and worked in restaurants, this is just a no-no and is very rude. At that moment, my party arrived and as they were taking their coat off, the waiter came up, in a rush, and asked if she was ready to order. She looked at him a bit wild-eyed and said, "no. I just got here", at which the waiter stalked off and did not return to take our order for another ten minutes. Again, all the while, no drinks - no water.

In summary, the food was good [though the Vietnamese coffee was way too bitter/strong] but they lack on service and etiquette. For that, two stars. I hope to return soon and see if they've improved.

--

UPDATE

I went to VC tonight for dinner [which just happened to be my birthday] and the food and service were much better. The staff was more together - actually, they were fantastic, but I'll get to that.

We arrived shortly before closing and instead of being turned away, they sat us. For me, that's a big plus. Secondly, unbeknownst to me, my friend had gone and gotten the staff's attention while I parked, had them go next door, get a cupcake, go to the dollar store two doors down and get a candle!, just within the time it took me to drop her off and park. When our meal concluded, the waiter came out with the cupcake and candle and proceeded to sing me happy birthday. This is service that's just not had at other places. I really appreciated the coordinated efforts of the staff, who saw my friend frantic to put together an ad hoc birthday outing. My many thanks to them.

5 stars well earned.
Oh I just love this place so much. The House Vermicelli is absolutely incredible. I really like to try several different things when I'm out to dinner and the fact that it's all in one dish is just incredible. The meatballs and crispy spring rolls are out of this world!

I also love the fresh roll with shrimp, it's delicious. I've eaten at a lot of vietnamese restaurants and their prices are so reasonable compared to the quantity and freshness of their food. Everything is cooked perfectly and never overdone.

Best of all? I eat gluten free and have such an easy time finding food here. The meatballs don't use any kind of wheat filler, and the crispy spring rolls are made out of rice paper. Lighter, too! And the employees really konw the  ingredients in of all of their dishes and what is an isn't gluten-free.

Drinks are strong and tasty, and the $7 price tag is great for Philly prices.
Vietnam Cafe has always offered a wonderful line-up of Vietnamese cuisine with an attractive price point. Moving into the new space was a great idea. There were a few drawbacks to their former location. 
1. There was no cell phone reception. 
and 
2. It got really packed on occasion.

Their new location, oh-so-conveniently next door to their former location, is an absolutely gorgeous space with plenty of elbow room. The addition of a full bar is quite exciting, thought they will be ceasing their BYOB as of 12/18/09. Their menu is the same, as are their prices, and the service is great! I hope it remains that way.
**Update**

Its not small or intimate anymore... But thats okay. Now its bigger and able to seat more heads! so you can all come and eat and not be on my lap if we sit next to eachother!!! Sweet!!!

They took the old Abbraccio location and performed a freakin exorcism or something to rid the place of the leftover shartstained walls that Abbraccio left in its wake. The new Vietnam looks amazing. Its dimly lit, the colors are mild but sharp at the same time. Tons of windows for natural lighting.... More servers all of which are very attentive and friendly.

The food speaks for itself. Get the house special vermicelli. Its basically the best thing... Evar. Crispy springrolls, delicious pork and chicken, beef meatball log things and veggies and sauce and god its amazing.

All of this is priced right. For less than $20 you can get an app and a very filling main course meal. Soon they won't be a BYO anymore though as they now have a full bar. I look forward to popping in for a cocktail and maybe munching on an app for happy hour. Feel free to join me.
Stars for the food. Stars for the atmosphere. Lack of stars for the service.

My mother and cousin were in town and we needed someplace to eat in the area at about 8pm on a Sunday. Options were limited. Neither of them are very adventurous eaters, but we finally went with Vietnam because a) it was open and b) it had a bar.

The waiter instantly rubbed me the wrong way. He came to get our drink orders about 2.5 seconds after we got our menus. Not OK since we were looking at the drink menu. When my cousin ordered a beer he tried to talk her into a (more expensive) martini. When she declined he convinced her to try another beer. Nothing wrong with that really, but no one who knows anything about beer would suggest a hefeweizen to someone who originally ordered a lager. To make it worse, he completely missed my beer order and I had to flag him down later to get the same beer my cousin had ordered.

After much hemming and hawing we decided to split four or five appetizers. The food came out amazingly fast and (after the runner grabbed a knife for my chopstick challenged mother) we dug in. The fam declared the pork a success while I enjoyed the fried tofu. The spring rolls were a bit hit or miss - the basil was a bit overpowering in both the meat and veg versions. The appetizer mix gave us a variety of sauces to choose from which was great. While some things were better than others, the food itself was tasty and filling without being heavy. Just what we needed.

Which brings me back to our server. First there was the beer mishap, then the hovering. See, while we debated our choices he proceeded to hover nearby and very obviously listen in on our conversations. Not cool. We've all worked in restaurants for a long time, so it was easy to spot the fact that he just wanted to get us out of there which, needless to say, detracted from the whole experience. Our food runner was pleasant and attentive, which was great since our actual waiter couldn't have cared less. Then came the absolute low point of the meal: the bill.

After a couple drinks before we went out and a glass of wine at dinner, my mom's mental math skills were fading. And, as a restaurant person herself, she always tips higher than most so the whole idea of 15% just doesn't work. So she had the money down for the bill itself and was debating a bit on the tip amount. Our waiter, again hovering, actually asked if she needed help. WHOA. Serious breach of protocol.

So, to sum up: Very nice decor (certainly the best in the area). Generally good food. Terrible service. A shame since I've been looking forward to eating here for a while, but our waiter was such a turn-off that I'm not going to rush back.
I've walked past Vietnam Cafe many times, but I've never gone in until tonight. It's tucked away on a little square just off the main Baltimore strip.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but inside it's clean, cozy, and nicely decorated. It's not very big inside, but is still comfortable.

Our waiter was very polite, and catered to our very picky crowd. We were very well taken care of. Also, we got our food pretty quickly from the time we ordered it. 

Most importantly, though, the food was very good and plentiful. We ordered a bunch of entrées and shared them family style, so I got to sample several dishes. My favorite was the house special vermicelli, which seemed to have a little bit of everything. We also had the Crispy Spring Rolls as an appetizer, and they were pretty good too. 

Vietnam Cafe is a diamond in the rough. Go for the great food, pleasant atmosphere, and good service for a very reasonable price.
Oh man, this place oozes with class.

West Philly does not have many destinations for dining with a stylish, hip decor - particularly along the Baltimore Avenue corridor - so the Vietnam Cafe is a welcome addition to the scene.

I've always been a regular at Fuh Wah for their tofu hoagies and other assorted goodies, due in part to the proximity to my office - so I knew any restaurant affiliated with the same family had to be good.

And that it was.  The spring rolls were delicious - they even cut them into smaller pieces that were easier for sharing.  The summer rolls, a personal favorite of mine, were also nothing short of fresh and tasty - my only complaint would be that they were a bit on the small side, in contrast to the gigantic summer rolls you can get at any of the Green Line Cafes from O'Sandwiches.

We all ordered a variation of the vermicelli dish, chicken for me, pork and beef for the others.  The meat was prepared deliciously - the chicken not too dry, the pork crispy, and the beef plain old yummy.  Piled on a big bowl of vermicelli and lettuce, it was complemented perfectly with the dressing.

Attentive service - yummy food - and a sexy ambiance - this place is perfect for a date or girls' night out.
Mmmm.....Vietnam Cafe is such a fantastic new discovery!  Once again, it's all thanks to Yelp.  

The restaurant is located in a part of town that I don't frequent, but it's very easily accessible and parking is a cinch.  The restaurant is small; the first time we went, there was a 10 minute wait for a table.  The space is utilized well--there is a table in the front that can be used when waiting, but said table can also be used to seat parties of 4 (we were a party of two, but I've seen parties of 4 seated there).  The main dining room is slightly dark, with lovely decor.  Service is variable, but the food is really, really good.  Their spring rolls (can't remember the official menu name) are among the best I've ever had.  Every pork dish I've tried was delicious.   One strike out: some of the noodles in my shrimp noodle dish were somewhat gummy.  I consoled myself with my boyfriend's chicken basil garlic, which was in some sort of dark, slightly sweet, irresistible sauce.

In summary, this place is highly recommended.  It is BYOB, although if you don't feel like drinking, they serve wonderful Vietnamese iced coffee.
Dear Vietnman Cafe, 

I love you so much. I love your vegetarian spring rolls and chili oil even more than that. I love what you've done with the old sad Abraccio building - it's so beautiful and cozy. I am glad that the family is doing well. 

But I'm so sad about the loss of BYOB status. Your corkage fee is outrageous (about the same price as just buying an in-house bottle of wine). You've become slightly less affordable, but I'll see be seeing you a few times a month.
I can't believe it's been over two years since my original review (back when it was still located in the cramp space that's now occupied by its sister restaurant Grill Fish Cafe).  

I've been back here a couple times, and have enjoyed it each time.  Service is still great, and so is the food.    Maybe I'm just a pig, but if the portion sizes were a bit larger, I would bump this up to 5 stars.  I'm normally still hungry after an appetizer and entree...sometimes even after a dessert!  However, I would not say the portion sizes are small, I'm just a big eater.
I love this place. I seriously find myself fantasizing about their crispy veggie spring rolls in the middle of the day. I've finally found my perfect dish - I get the vermicelli with the crispy spring rolls AND have them add tofu. 

The service here is top notch - run by one of the friendliest families in Philadelphia. I've only been about 4 times, but already they remember that the BF and I NEED to secret chili oil sauce - they bring it out without even asking.  The decor is modern and clean, and  you always feel special for getting a spot. Because the turnover is pretty rapid - that food comes out FAST, the wait is never long. The bathrooms lovely, and it BYOB. AND they staff really do appreciate neighborhood business, and they show it. 

As a vegetarian, the menu can look a little low on options but the staff is VERY accommodating. They'll substitute anything for anything, and even give suggestions about how to make a dish more vegetarian-delicious. Oh yeah, and they're open on Sunday night, which has seriously saved my ass more than a few times when cooking just wasn't an option.
Food is bland and too much msg! Overhyped and too modernized it doesn't taste authentic enough for it to even pass as a mediocre Vietnamese restaurant
What a neighborhood gem!

Good pho. Good food overall. The restaurant offers a full menu of Vietnamese food and full bar with beautiful cocktails.

This may have been the most elegantly decorated vietnamese restaurant i've seen.  

Great pricing on food.  I don't want to give price comparisons in case the management gets ideas but take advantage before they start charging more to cover their renovation costs! ;-)
Every time I eat here I'm disappointed. Bland food, cocky waitstaff, not much variety, and they don't really seem to care about vegetarians. Nice decor, but that's not what I'm paying for when I go out to eat. Better to head around the corner to Vientienne if you want noodles or rice.
I visited Vietnam Cafe for the second time with a friend late on a quiet evening when the restaurant was a little less than half full. We were seated promptly, and although there were tables available with space between them we were seated right next to some people and adjacent to the kitchen. I barely had enough room on the crowded bench for my jacket. Seemed a little weird that they'd cram us together when there was obviously plenty of room.

When I had been to the Vietnam Cafe previously, I let the waiter know I was a vegan and he pointed out 2 dishes on the entire menu, saying those were the only 2 vegan options. They were both Vermicelli dishes, one with Spring rolls on top, one with tofu. (Earlier reviews seem to indicated that they will tweak the dishes for vegetarians. I didn't have this same experience but I do have the feeling more is available for veggie people. However, I can only write about my own experience). This time, I said to the waiter that I had been there previously and had been told the vermicelli with Spring rolls is vegan as long as I ordered a soy sauce with it rather than the sauce it normally comes with. The waiter was very attentive and polite and said it would be no problem. My dining companion ordered the same dish but with the non-vegan side sauce. We ordered the sauteed Bok Choy with garlic as an appetizer to share. I'm glad I asked if it was vegan, he said it could be made vegan if they left out the oyster sauce. (The Vietnamese seem to put some kind of animal-based seasoning, sauce or something into almost all of their dishes, so it is admittedly hard to find a vegan dish here, which I expected).

The Bok Choy came out less than 10 minutes later, steaming and looking yummy. It was very good, extremely oily but very good, with big yummy chunks of garlic. Just as we were finishing the Bok Choy our vermicelli came out. Mine accompanied by soy sauce with scallions in it, and my friend's accompanied by a lighter looking sauce. (See photos I posted for this business for the two dishes with diff sauces). 

I am a picky eater and my friend is too. I've had a dish similar to this one at the Vietnam Restaurant in China town. It was delicious and I remember them having a variety of dipping sauces such as one with peanuts in it. These sauces really made the meal. This was before I was vegan, and I wonder how many of those sauces had animal product in them. I definitely felt a sugar rush after having them! Anyhow, we just had the sauces they gave us and I was wary of trying to ask for/describe a sauce that they either didn't have or that had animal product in it. So we just hunkered down to enjoy our meals. My noodles and Spring roll were pretty good with lots of soy sauce dumped on them (if not a little salty). My friend found his noodles to be cold (but didn't even tell me this til after we left) and thought the Spring rolls were kind of bland. I'm sure they were since he barely put any sauce on them. He didn't like the sauce that came with the Vermicelli (I smelled it, smelled like pig! What is it with pig sauces everywhere I go? lol). 

Overall, I would say the service is excellent, the ambiance is nice if you don't mind watching your elbows and not having too intimate of a conversation since there will be people sitting a foot and half away from you whether it's crowded or not. The food seems like it's pretty good, but I am so limited by what I can eat off of the menu that I'll never taste their best dish. Therefore my review is somewhat biased by my vegan limitations. I'm glad Vietnam Cafe is there, it's very convenient, I like the family and the way they run their businesses so far as I can see (they also own Fu Wah). I hope maybe they will add a special vegan dish to their menu at some point, something with interesting seasoning. If they do I will have to re-write this review. :)
Big fancy-looking restaurant with boring food. Waiters are cloyingly obnoxious. Vegetarians beware: they will try to feed you fish even after you explain your dietary needs. Vegans: ditto, only add eggs to the "look-out-cuz-these-guys-don't-get-it" list. Split the scene and go around the corner to Vientiane instead.
Southwest Philly, PA

Two stars for pho soup base. (Remember my taste is different than yours. You should still try them.) 3.75 stars for the pretty atmosphere and window seating. I was reminded of Vietnam even though I've never been there. (Yeah Im partially Viet and never been to Vietnam.) Small size pho's are perfect for me. More of a chill out place if I go back. Too many food allergens on the menu for me.
Was looking forward to trying this place. However, when I informed the waiter that I had a shellfish allergy, he told me it'd be best to eat elsewhere as just about everything is cross-contaminated - even dishes marked vegan/vegetarian.I thought this was not only rude of him to tell us to leave, but very irresponsible of the restaurant not to take better food safety precautions.
My friend Stephan and I ate here on a Saturday night around 7:30pm. When we got there, they let us know that there'd be about a 10 minute wait, which was much shorter than I expected, given the reports of how popular it is.

I had a hard time deciding what to get, but Stephan reassured me that everything he's ever eaten at Vietnam Cafe has been good.

We both ordered spring rolls (the not fried kind), I think he had the pork ones, and I had the pork & shrimp ones. They were delicious, and I especially liked the dipping sauce, which I suppose isn't unique, but it was definitely yummy.

I ordered pork chops on broken rice, and Stephan got one of the rice vermicelli dishes. Mine came with that orange-colored sweet vinegar sauce for pouring onto the meat & rice, and a side of some marinated veggies with some chili sauce on top (VERY spicy!). It was very filling and a delight for the tastebuds, but I can't say that I found it particularly outstanding among the various Vietnamese restaurants I've eaten at (Xe Lua, for example). Very good, but not falling-over-to-die-for.

I had brought a bottle of wine (Riesling), and someone came right away to open it for us, but we had to ask for one of the metal chiller things, and then it wasn't even cold (until we poured our ice water in it).

Other than that minor kerfluffle, the service was prompt and gracious, and the overall experience (love the decor) was very enjoyable. I'm glad I finally got to try it!
Vietnam is THE best ever.  My family and I have been going here since forever, beginning with their original restaurant in Chinatown.  They are like family to us, Benny always comes and greets us and all of the waiters know us by name.  The service is impeccable and fast.  My favorite go to dishes are the Cha Gio, which are crispy spring rolls served with mint and iceberg lettuce...so good.  My others are the pork chops and the lime chicken, which comes with a non-heavy but savory sauce and bok choy.  THE absolute best thing on their menu is the Shaken Beef!!!  It is tender beef medallions with red onion, cilantro and some type of greens (not sure what but it is good).  It is the most delicious thing ever.  Their pho is also excellent, I recommend the beef lemongrass.  It fills you up but doesn't drag you down.  I love this place and will continue to go there until the day I die!  Everyone must visit at least once!
ok, so i've been craving pho for a little bit now. sure, it feels like 110 degrees outside but i was feeling a little under the weather today. i REALLY didn't want to trek out to washington ave. and def didn't have the energy to deal with chinatown. so, i set my expectations a little low and checked out closer local spots. i think i read that this place was owned by the same folks as fu wah...alright, i'll give them a try.

parking was a bitch, which is unusual but they were SO busy. i had called to order take-out and in 15 min, it was ready and waiting for me. i ordered the basics, being that this was my first time, pho tai and shrimp rolls. 

now, the food is good. it's not washington ave/chinatown good, but it's good. both the broth and brisket tastes clean but doesn't lack flavor. the shrimp rolls are also ok, although the noodles tasted a little overcooked, in both the rolls and pho. 

anyways, they don't skimp on portions and it def gets the job done. it is a little pricier, but that's to be expected, given that we're in west philly and on baltimore.

i am interested in going back to try some of their other dishes.
The food is almost always solid and you can park for free but it's not as good as 11th street. Benny stop raising your prices. It used to be inexpensive. It isn't any more.
I love to come here to try their spiked coffee selections on a chilly day. The interior decor is really nice and the large windows allow a lot of natural light to pour into the restaurant. 

The primary reason I would come here is to have lunch with family and/or friends in a nice-looking, casual setting. But the food here is neither authentic, nor well-executed. And there are plenty of Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia that serve the same food in larger portions at a lower price. Beside the small food portions, the $10 minimum per person also forces you to buy more food. 

A while back, I had a tofu appetizer and a bowl of pho. The pho tasted ok, but both portions were tiny. The tofu dish was basically breaded and deep fried soft tofu, which sounds like an all right idea until you realize that due to the high level of moisture, the tofu becomes soggy almost immediately. It may be cheap to produce, but it doesn't hold together when you try to pick it up with chopsticks. It also doesn't absorb soy sauce that well, so the result is a squishy, flavorless, oily mass. The most basic street food in unknown corners of Vietnam would frown upon this dish. 

Most recently, I had pho and the Vietnamese pancake appetizer. The pho condiments (bean sprouts, basil leaves, etc...) were wilted, and the pancake was greasy. The texture and taste were not just off, but they also were pretty bad. There's something morally questionable about making a traditional dish completely wrong (especially by cutting corners) and offer it as that dish to unknowing/trusting consumers, who may not be familiar with the dish. 

The only things I would recommend here are the spiked coffees. Although they're kind of pricey, they're actually pretty good. For Vietnamese food, there are too many far better places only minutes away.
I've been to this place a handful of times and I have yet to be disappointed. I always order their grilled shrimp vermicelli bowls and I always add a spring roll. Its a great portion. Everything always tastes fresh here and the service is great. The inside makes me feel like I'm sitting inside a restaurant in Vietnam, I love it. They're also good as explaining anything on the menu if you have any questions.
I've eaten Vietnamese at restaurants all over the country and especially places known for excellent Vietnamese like DC and LA. Never have I encountered a Vietnamese restaurant as beautiful or as excellent as this one. From the crunchy and crispy pork rolls, served up very generously, to the chargrilled pork vermicilli, I've never had it this good. Classy place and great service. I loved it.
My first time to Vietnam Cafe was soooooo pleasant...the entrance is beautiful and the most I've ever waited for seating was 8 minutes tops. The food is pretty good.
I've tried the VIETNAMESE CARPACCIO which has Raw flank steak, lime juice, rau ram, crushed peanuts, chili vinegar dressing in it...its amazing compared to other places in chinatown I've been to. I suggest the Tofu Curry or the Sweet and Sour chicken or tofu if you are new to this type of food.
I had (sadly) never been to Vietnam Cafe before, even though I've lived nearby for years. (I had gone to once-sister-restaurant, Grill Fish.) 

The space is HUGE. I was really taken aback by how upscale, clean, and big the space was. It's such a hidden gem and I was so thrilled to see it pretty busy on a rainy summer Sunday night.

I ordered the Salt & Pepper Tofu special, which was an extremely generous portion of crisp and salty tofu, tossed with some sauteed veggies. The tofu was near perfect. Every bite had the right balance of salt with the natural tofu flavor. Each piece was perfectly fried and damn near addicting. The plate as a whole was lacking some sauce, though. (But I know that's the style/intentional.)

My BF ordered the Chicken in black bean sauce, which was tasty - and added some much needed sauce to my own S+P tofu. 

The Vermicelli bowls look super delicious and I can't wait to try some of their curries and noodle dishes.
We tend to write reviews when we are unhappy and forget to write them when we are happy. I love this restaurant: it has been my go to for years before the pandemic. Excellent food, super efficient service, friendly personnel and always consistent! Congratulations
For over 20 years I've been going to their other location, Vietnam Restaurant in Chinatown, and here and never had a bad experience.  Everything, from the service, to the drinks, to the atmosphere, to their food is ideal.  Typically I'll try to talk my dining partner into their barbecue platter, a generous assortment of spring rolls, meat balls, lemongrass chicken, and beef.  I also love the salt and pepper chicken, a light dish, or, if I'm feeling veggie, the salt and pepper tofu.  I've brought vegetarian friends here and never had a complaint.  Their noodle dishes are all generous, delicious and comforting.  The Vietnamese ravioli is also a favorite.  Even the desserts, particularly the taro puddings, are delicious.  

I'm a seasoned Philadelphia restaurant goer -- not one of these affected food critics that have taken to posting on Yelp for the primary purpose of demonstrating their superiority or knocking a restaurant simply because it's popular -- and I'm here to tell you that this restaurant consistently delivers the goods and is one of my top spots.  Don't miss it.
my impression of this place is that the chef tries to put an innovative, more westernized spin on some traditional vietnamese dishes. the result is pretty good, but i feel that it falls slightly short of its price tag. even so, i like the food here and believe it by far trumps the vietnamese restaurants you can find around other parts of west philly.
I knowI said I'd be back for cocktails, but this time I got takeout. #31, Bun Thit Nuong (Pork Vermicelli)  It was absolutely delicious.  I'd been craving it all day.  Obviously I'm not a Vietnamese cuisine connoisseur, but I know what tastes good to me.  This is only my second time at Vietnam Cafe and both times everything I've tried has been flavorful, fresh, and filling, plus the meat is always high quality, tender, and cooked just right.  .  This is the type restaurant I'd recommend to everyone, even if that means traveling from the other side of the city.  Add it to the list of West Philly's greats.
Vietnam Cafe is an ok option if you're looking a nice meal with good ambiance with your friends or a date in the UCity/West Philly area. They also have a bar area too if you're just looking for a quick drink and bite.

The space itself is significantly more classed up than any Viet restaurant that I've been to but the food leaves a lot to be desired. 

I've ordered the pho and the bun bo hue and both items were very much just so-so. I didn't find either soups to be particularly flavorful or satisfying. They also have a limited variety when it comes to the pho - flank steak or brisket. The bun bo hue had beef of course but didn't include any cuts of pork or sliced red cabbage. For me, it seemed that Vietnam Cafe definitely erred on the American side of Vietnamese food rather traditionally authentic Vietnamese - which is perfectly fine but it's just not what I enjoy. 

The pricing is somewhat steep as well. You're paying around $11-12 bucks for a large bowl of pho that you could normally get for about $8 of the same size in Chinatown or South Philly.
oh man, this place is good and it's so cute that it reminds me of home.

i haven't tried any of the family-style meals but i loved their pork vermicelli bowl with egg rolls (they call it fried spring rolls.) This is really the only dish that I've tried but it reminds me so much of home and traditional Vietnamese food! So if you want recommendation on their other foods... too bad, I can't help you there :P 

it's a little pricey for Vietnamese fare, but it's in a cute quaint restaurant, walkable from Penn's campus which is really nice since I'm unwilling to hop on septa or even, take a lift to head to Washington Ave. for a larger selection of Viet cuisine. 

The MOST endearing thing about Vietnam Cafe is that it sparks nostalgia from when I travelled around central Vietnam (the imperial city- hue and hoi an).  The dark wooden panels and colorful lanterns captures something so true to form (even when it's a slightly overpriced, nice restaurant). And I appreciate that the servers are Vietnamese-- gives me the rare chance of talking in my mother tongue even when i'm hundreds of miles from home.
Flavor galore! After a few take out/ delivery orders of Vietnam cafe, I finally took the plunge and dined in for lunch. The ambiance is traditional with nice floor to ceiling windows and a view of the bamboo stalks they planted outside; very much of a vibe. 
The menu is plentiful and there are options for all sorts of food/dietary restrictions ( vegan/vegetarian/pescatarian). 

Between my table, we had a small wonton noodle soup, lemon grass pork chops and the crispy duck. My personal favorite was the pork chops, which were very reminiscent of short ribs. 

Also tasted the Vietnamese coffee but got the condensed milk on the side. Thick and sweet, yum yum!
The year is 938 AD.  

Ngo Quyen, the Vietnamese general, faces off against the invading forces of the Southern Han of China.  Frightened but exhilarated, he orders his men into action.  They begin planting iron-tipped spears in the water, hoping to trap the Chinese fleet when the tide moves out.  He breathes deep, hoping that the plan to win his peoples' independence works out.

Quyen's gambit was pivotal in Vietnamese independence...and my dinner at Vietnam Cafe.  I thank Ngo Quyen, for without his actions, Vietnam Cafe would probably be another mediocre chinese food restaurant in the West Philly area.  Thank you, you awesome guy.

The Beef Vermicelli is really good.
The Crispy Shrimp appetizer is really good.
Their drinks are really good but a bit expensive.
I am a regular customer for years. I have never tried the pad thai so I ordered it today. I ordered the chicken pad thai. I swear I requested no tofu but they are saying I didn't. Even if I didn't, this pad thai is 80% tofu and 20% chicken. I called to tell them and they offered no remedy. This is really disappointing customer service from my favorite restaurant.

Edit: Wow I was so focused on the lack of chicken/excess of tofu/bad customer service that I didnt even add that the dish is not even edible. It doesn't have enough peanut/tamarind and honestly taste like a box of unwashed rice noodles. There's no pad thai flavor and I cannot emphasize enough that this was a horrible dish and experience. I'm throwing it out uneaten, UTTER waste of money. And the thing is, I don't think this is the way it is supposed to be made, most of their food I've had is delicious. I feel like something went wrong with this and I'm just so disappointed that they really didn't even care to see the dish or offer any sort of resolution for a customer that has been frequenting their business since 2014. Egregious.
Probably one of the better Vietnamese places I go to while up in the area. Frequented this place and also the one in Chinatown quite a few times and each and every time I've went or took someone the food was pretty much perfect. Love the goi cuon and the pork clay pot as an appetizer. I usually wind up getting the seafood hue tieu and my niece and nephew got the bun bo hue and the pho tom. Excellent broths with excellent wait staff. I prefer this place because it's out of Chinatown with easy parking and you don't have to pay for that china town parking space lot.
I remember when this used to be a mediocre Italian restaurant; I was very happy to find that the Vietnamese have succeeded where the Italians couldn't. I was there with a party of six, and I can safely say everyone walked out pleased.

Decent drink selection; i was very satisfied with my Saigon beer, and my gf seemed pleased with her 'tini drink. The veggie and pork spring rolls were both good, but the crispy shrimp was great. I got the Claypot Chicken, very gingery with traditional sauce, served piping hot. It took a bit for it to cool down, but was appetizing once it did.

Interesting, varied selection, which makes me eager to go back to try more.

P.S. The ambiance is a solid 4- comfortable, well decorated, and open. The servers were friendly and quick on their feet.
I've been to both Vietnam cafe and Vietnam restaurant and both are very good. 

Let's just say I took the most impossible steak and potatoes only guy here and made him a fan.  Favorite menu item are between the soups and the shrimp basil. I like that the dishes are normal enough to appeal to mass array of taste buds but have enough flavor and spice to clearly separate the quality/taste from your local Asian store. 

Service has always been fast, friendly and polite and I believe they work inclusively and there is no one particular server assigned to your table - everyone helps. This is a fair sized quaint restaurant that I really enjoy returning to time after time. For no particular reason I prefer this location over the center city one. 

The drinks here are okay - if there's nothing you want off the menu they do have a full bar option. My friends and I almost always always split the flaming volcano which is always one of my favorite fun fruity drinks to get either here or hibachi. 

Overall, this restaurant really adds to the appeal of the Cedar Park area. It took me way too long to try this place out so if you're like me and in the fence, don't be - just go!
Vietnam Café
I don't know how I've lived in Philly for as long as I have and not succumbed to the café's beckoning neon light and enticing menu, but I made it.

Seated very quickly for dinner on a Friday night. First thing I love about this place: they get down to business and believe in attending to you and serving up some deliciousness quickly. They're very matter-of-fact about it actually--not excessively smiley or chatty, but very much "you came here because you know it's good didn't you?"

Started off with fried calamari and with one bite I morphed into the ever-so-loveable dinner companion Fat Bastard and I put all the calamari in my belly. Charmed, I'm sure.

Then my beef lemongrass soup arrived and churl! Let there be a slurp competition somewhere. I will wear a noodle out. At this time of year few things are as satisfyingly delicious and nourishing as piping hot, richly flavored broth. My soul said yes. Speak Lord.

And THEN my entrée arrived. When I try new places I always like to make myself get one of their specials. It's just good patron practice and common sense. Plus 'bout 5 other people surrounding me got it so I felt I was in good company. House Special Vermicelli y'all! Getcho self some of the bounty.

All serving sizes were most generous bit not full on Fat Bastard levels of gluttony, even though my mind was telling me no and my body, my body was saying yaaaaaassssss.

Sorry. Recapping this got so good to me I felt you needed to know that I don't see nothing wrong with eatin' at the Vietnam Café. Fantastic service, scrumdiddlyumptious food, reasonable prices and lovely relaxed atmosphere.
In a nutshell, some of the worst cooked and worst seasoned Vietnamese food I've ever had the misfortune to eat... lightly battered "crispy shrimp" appetizer was literally battered like a corn dog...3 times as much tasteless batter as tasteless shrimp.  Summer rolls had dried out pork and dipping sauce that tasted more of hoison sauce than peanut and  our clay pot chicken dish was so overcooked that after choking down one bite, I sent it back.

When I tried to order a replacement dish of Chicken Curry, an older waiter came over and gave me an incredible explanation for the reason that the chicken was so thoroughly cooked and suggested that I wouldn't like the Chicken Curry either.... so I skipped it.  

He was trying to explain to me that since they were serving white meat chicken, they had to cook it very thoroughly...

What's really amazing to me, is that after eating white meat chicken for 38 years and frequenting Vietnamese restaurants for the last 20, I've ***NEVER*** had to send back a Vietnamese chicken dish for being over-cooked.  I guess every other Vietnamese restaurant I've ever eaten at was cooking their chicken incorrectly!  I'd better go let them know...

As for all of the other good reviews... I can only assume that folks were blinded by the nice decor.  It really is a NICE LOOKING restaurant.  Too bad the food is so awful.
Stumbled into this place while actually looking for another. Would have left if I'd realized earlier that it was the sister restaurant to Vietnam House in Chinatown. Reason why: didn't feel in the mood to spend on overpriced, less-than-authentic Vietnamese fare. Perhaps if they called themselves a fusion restaurant, they could get away with being off the mark on their flavors and experimenting with some different seasoning. However, that's not the case and the food was highly disappointing.

Thought it would be rude to just leave after being seated so I thought I'd give their $15 3-course pre-fixe Dining Days dinner a shot. (Perhaps the only reason I would spend $15 on any Vietnamese meal is that it's not just one item.) Got the banh cuon (rice noodle roll) for the app, a lemongrass chicken dish for my entree and some green tea ice cream for dessert. Also got the claypot fish for take out.

Here's the dinner breakdown and its woes:
- Meat filling in the banh cuon was dryyyy. You compensate for the dryness by dressing the appetizer with the homemade fish sauce, but their sauce didn't pack enough flavor so it was a hopeless cause.
- Lemongrass chicken noodle soup was a misinterpretation of what I think should have been bun bo hue (Hue-style beef noodle soup). I'll give the soup one thumbs up but everything else was just wrong. This kind of soup doesn't really pair nicely with egg noodle - would have better with a flat rice noodle, thick round noodles, or rice vermicelli. The chicken was also dry - surprise, surprise.
- You can't go wrong with ice cream. No need for comments there.

Take-out woes:
You expect to spend a bit more for a specialty entree like claypot fish. But you also expect the dish to pack a punch with flavor. It was a Vietnam Cafe fail once again. The fish tasted mushy. The "traditional" sauce was very oily and lacked the thick consistency and rich caramelization that makes the dish.

The only redeeming factor was the ambiance and decor. And I was hit by nostalgia hardcore. The interior was brightly decorated with pastel colors and a myriad of hanging lanterns characteristic of the cities in Central Vietnam. The furniture, wood paneling, and flora also gave a reminiscent feeling of a bamboo garden. But as picturesque as it was, a strong dining experience is 75% about food for me and this restaurant did not deliver.
The biggest downside of this place is that it is on the pricier end for pho! A small bowl of pho is around $6-7 and really small, so do yourself a favor and get the large one for $10 instead. With that said though, the pho broth tastes clean and yet not lacking in depth, and it is a great option if you don't want to trek to south philly for some good pho at a lesser price. I also like that the pho here doesn't leave you with the MSG taste in your mouth for hours after.

I am a huge fan of their house vermicelli - the spring rolls here are SO good, perfectly crisp and delicious on the inside. Service has always been on point and the place is definitely nicer atmosphere-wise than other Vietnamese places. Solid choice for Vietnamese in West Philly!
Setting, lovely. Food, excellent. Why two stars? Service sucks! OK, OK, I know. I'm picky about carbonated water. Lots of it. But it isn't really about the water. It's about how an establishment handles a customer when they screw up. Fizzy on the menu. Bring me a bottle, please. Five minutes another server comes to table. 'No water,' says this server, who I learn is the ENFORCER. OK, I'll just pop round the shop and bring one back, I say. Is that OK? ENFORCER says he must check with BOSS. Comes back. Says BOSS says no soap. I'm pissed. Did I get a FREE Coke? Or something? Maybe a sorry, even. How about NOTHING. Later one of our party says she wants to take home a dessert she could hardly eat. (The eyes-stomach thing). OK says our waiter. ENFORCER comes by and says BOSS says no soap. No desserts can leave permises. Yeah, sure. Just like the water. Reckon they didn't have containter. Hey, ENFORCER man, tell the BOSS I want to see him. Nocando, says ENFORCER. The BOSS has gone home. Turn the lights off at this joint. I'm done.
I wanted to like Vietnam Cafe, but the service was unhelpful, and the food was disappointing.

Noodle soup (beef lemongrass) was okay, but not particularly flavourful.  Edible, but not particularly enjoyable.

Fish Claypot was tasty and fish was tender.  The "Traditional sauce" is apparently just soy sauce + sugar.  From what I remember travelling in Vietnam, that's not "traditional" at all, but I still enjoyed it.  Then again, I'm a sucker for soy + sugar -- sometimes I just eat it with plain white rice.  My companion wasn't  impressed with the dish and I can't blame him.  It really needs some more complex flavours in there.  Seriously, soy + sugar is something I'd eat when I can't be bothered to cook.

The "Taro Pudding" was okay.  It's actually Rice pudding with some chunks of taro here and there, with coconut milk.  I love actual Taro Pudding, where the taro is stewed down, but this is NOT taro made into a pudding at all.

Decor is pleasant.  The restaurant is clean, comfortable, spacious.  

Service is not great.  Actually, it's surprisingly unhelpful, given the decor and price point.  Waiter was standoffish and vague when responding to questions about the food.  (But given the food quality, maybe he knew not to be more informative?)  

Also, I asked the waiter for a fork, because my arm injury made it difficult to use chopsticks.  He didn't bring me a fork so I had to ask someone else -- turns out the forks were stored just a couple of feet away from our table.

Vietnam Cafe is the kind of place I might return to if I needed a pretty place in the area (for a business lunch or something?), but I'd go elsewhere if I wanted good authentic Vietnamese food.  You can get much better Vietnamese food in Philly for cheaper, though usually in a more casual no-frills setting.

Note: There's a $10 per person minimum.
Please don't go to this restaurant if you are actually a Vietnamese food lover, or know anything about Vietnamese food. Actually, don't go here at all if you are venturing into the cuisine and are a newbie. It will be a horrible first impression! The entire experience was incredibly disappointing and  such a travesty to Vietnamese chefs, both home and professional, I wonder how they stay in business. We had the noodle dishes, fish clay pot, and papaya chicken salad, and everything was either too salty or completely flavorless. The broth for the pho was basically water with fish sauce, and the egg noodle soup was something a teenager could make in her kitchen with some packaged ramen and sriracha sauce. The catfish clay pot was overloaded with garlic and broke into pieces upon being picked up. The rice was old and dried out, and the rice paper that came with the appetizer was a giant mesh of unseparated congeniality. The food was overpriced and an affront to all genuine viet restaurants everywhere. The amazing herbs, fresh greens, citrus tones that make this cuisine remarkable are all missing from this place. Please, for the sake of your pockets and taste buds, do NOT go here.
Just visited Vietnam in their new digs just around the corner from the old place and it is gorgeous.  Food is still awesome, and now there is a full bar.  Who could ask for more?
I gave this place another try after having disappointing pho and lemongrass soup here. This time, we tried house special vermicelli and lemongrass steak over rice. They were both very good!! They know how to do grilled meats!! The portions were good. It was on the pricier side, compared to the usual Vietnamese food places, but not too crazy. Very nice decorations and service!
First off, I've never had Vietnamese food in my life. So I can't compare this to other establishments. What I can tell you is that we had a great time!

My fiancé and I were invited here for a birthday party. Since we were early, we sat at the bar. The décor of this restaurant was lovely! Bartender was very attentive.

Once our party of five was seated, things only got better. The service was impeccable. Plates were cleared immediately and water glasses filled. It felt like we had five waiters. The food looked, smelled, and tasted delicious. 

I recommend treating yourself to a "Suffering Bastard" cocktail. :)
Just had the chicken vermicelli -- twas delicious take out.
This is a high-quality Vietnamese place with an exceptionally nice sit-down atmosphere.  The menu is fairly extensive.  Prices are very reasonable, especially given the ambiance.  When the weather is warm, they open the windows wide and you get to enjoy the best of both worlds of being indoors and out.

There are places in town that you can get slightly more exciting food for a similar price.  There is nowhere in town that you can get a nicer atmosphere and nicer service, in my opinion, for anywhere near the price.

The food is not otherworldly, but it is fresh, light, and well-balanced.

I also found the service here to be unusually good.  Prompt, attentive, friendly, courteous.

This place is a real asset to the community.
tried it once and was disappointed, but at the prompting of friends decided to give it another shot. big mistake.

the staff was rude, and hit that sweet spot of hovering so closely they may as well have sat down at the table, while simultaneously providing agonizingly slow service on basics like drinks and the check.

the food is mediocre at best, and costs about double what you will pay in any of the many other, better vietnamese restaurants in town. 

if you are looking for a relatively sterile, quiet place to hold your university city lunch meeting, would prefer everyone in the place is speaking english, and dont care about the food then this is the spot for you. if you want good vietnamese head elsewhere.
The smallest pho servings I have seen in my life! I had no idea pho can be served in these shot glasses. 2 peaces of meat!
I had to ask for water and was given dirty look. Toilet water, would not recommend to drink it to anyone. 
Never again coming back here...
I love this place! Especially the veggie spring rolls. I'm also a big fan of the cocktails and the vermicelli. Everything that I've ever had at Vietnam and Vietnam Cafe has been delicious. The atmosphere is nice and the service is great. Love it!
Pros: good decor and atmosphere, nice and attentive servers
Cons: TERRIBLE FOOD!!! Inauthentic and disgrace to Vietnamese culture. 

Our family of seven came here on a Monday night and we were excited to try some Vietnamese food. Our first impression of the restaurant was good despite the empty tables with only four patrons for dinner service. We were immediately seated and noticed the menu had a nice selection of traditional dishes. However, once their servers brought out our dishes, nothing was edible. None of us could finish our dishes because it was either too bland or was too salty or too disgusting to eat. I had to return my fish claypot which is one of the easiest dishes the chef can make. Additionally, the bill came out wrong and they charged us for a plate of sliced onions. Classless act, charging for a plate of onions that normally comes free with pho in any other restaurant! By far one of the worst food experiences I have ever had.
Huge disappointment!  Interior was nice and clean, but that's about all I can say for this place. This place is obviously for people who do not eat Viet food often or care for authentic Viet food.  The bf and I shared an appetizer (beef stuffed grape leaves) and 2 entrees (lemon grass beef soup and pork claypot), however we both left hungry.  The soup was the smallest portion I've ever seen.  If there was an extra-small portion, I'd imagine it'd look like that.  A little further drive into chinatown we could have gotten the same food for tastier, bigger, cheaper and faster.   Needless to say, this place left a lot to be desired.
They serve adequate Vietnamese food, but it is on the rustic and boring side.  The appetizer platter was adequate, but stronger in presentation than it was in taste.  The seafood claypot, which looked like it might be one of the more interesting and flavorful dishes, was basically big chunks of mediocre (and sometimes overcooked) seafood in a hot, one-note ginger broth.  Not bad for a weeknight meal or a gathering place, but it's not the kind of place I'm going to pine for.  Or remember.
A couple friends and I had dinner at this West Philly restaurant.  I've eaten at many Vietnamese spots, mainly low-key, takeout dominated spots.  This place has lots of seating & a great looking aesthetic, so we dined in.  Early in the week, there was still a decent crowd, but food still came out quickly.

We got a couple chicken dishes and the pork clay pot for entrees.  The pork was the best, excellent flavor and seasoning to it.  We did our best to scoop up all of the remaining juice in the pot, yum.  Meanwhile the chicken was very average, the spice level was far too mellow.  Though the meat was tender & cooked just right.  No alcohol was ordered and just 1 piece of chocolate cake was ordered for us to split.  

For a casual dinner out w/o alcohol, the bill was too expensive.  Because of that, it will be a long time before we possibly return.  If your preference in spice level leans towards mild & you spend freely, you will likely love it.
Four words; "House Special Noodle Bowl" that's all you need for a good meal.  I've flirted with other items on their menu, and they were all excellent, but I always come home to my HSNB.  If you want to try a little of everything, HSNB.  If you want everything but can't possible eat it all, HSNB.

With two locations, and HSNB there is no going wrong.
The new space is absolutely beautiful!  Love the food and the staff, many of whom have been around since I started going to the previous location pre-rehab.  Everything is always fresh and delicious.
I love this place!  The advice I give to people when they go here is, it's a vietnamese restaurant, so make sure you order the vietnamese food!  Sure there's sweet and sour chicken and things like that, but DON'T ORDER THEM.  

The tofu rolls and crispy pork spring rolls are AMAZING.  Whenever I bring anyone here I insist they try them because (depending if you want fried meat or fresh veggie) they're both really fresh and flavorful.  

Out of the soups, I say, PHO BO KHO (stewed beef noodle) ALL THE WAY.  Oh my god, it is so delicious that I have no joke ordered it once every week since January.  Make sure you add the lime and basil!! The broth is so flavorful and has a little tomato paste or something like that to give it depth.  Yes there are some parts of the beef in here not commonly seen in American cuisine (cartilage and the like) but I just pick it out and keep going because wow it is incredible.

The vermicellis are all delicious, especially the house vermicelli which has around four-five different meat options on top.  Make sure you pour a lot of the nuoc nam sauce on top (basically a sweet, lemony, salty sauce).

If you want a more "american asian" option, try the lime chicken.  Even though it's fried, it's still pretty tasty.

All in all, stick to the vietnamese basics! Pho, vermicelli, etc.  these guys deliver!!

The service is always really nice and great (I love Tammy!), the decor is really cool, and when it's warm out they open the windows and it's like you're sitting outside.

One note, the alcohol isn't cheap so I wouldn't count on having a lot if you want to keep your prices down!
I would give this place 3.5 stars but yelp doesn't let me haha. There are better Vietnamese food options and restaurants in my opinion just 10 minutes drive away on Washington ave across grays ferry for slightly cheaper and better quality and quantity.  I think though because this Vietnamese restaurant does a good job catering to the diverse population of West Philly, it is able to thrive despite the average food and drink quality and quantity in my opinion.  

Safe bets for any Vietnamese food restaurant is their pho noodle soups, vermicelli rice bowls, and spring/summer rolls. Enjoy!
This place is so so so good. Especially the crispy spring rolls, they are the utmost. The appetizer sampler is awesome and cones with rice paper wrappers that you dunk in water to make your own rolls--fun! They have tiki drinks that come in fun cups, they are a bit hit or miss but unfortunately I can't remember the names of the good ones, though they have a huge one meant for sharing that is pretty good. My dad swears by their margaritas. Entree-wise the clay pot chicken is amazing as is the shaking beef. Not sure what they mean by shaking but it's absolutely delicious! I can also wholeheartedly recommend the house special vermicelli  Nice atmosphere, good service, what more could you want?
The boyf and I went here for University City's Dining Days tonight ($15/person for an appetizer, entree, and a dessert?! STFU!). I'd been before, but my first experience was kinda... ok?

But I like second chances. And I freaking love cilantro. So, Vietnam Cafe was our choice for dinner!

A few days ago, I left a question on Vietnam Cafe's facebook wall asking if any desserts were vegan (I'm one of THOSE people), and I was informed that they all contain dairy. Oh well. No dessert for me, but I could at least still have a cheap dinner!

Upon arriving, our waiter informed me that the 3 pudding desserts were, in fact, vegan. I took the risk!

But first, let's start with appetizers. I got the fried tofu (ask for vegan dipping sauce!), and it was pretty good. I mean, the tofu was fried perfectly and the sauce was great, but the tofu tasted like... just that. Tofu.

For my entree, I got the vermicilli rice noodle dish topped with fried spring rolls and crushed peanuts. It was a LOT of food. The spring rolls were pretty good... but still, some flavour was missing. Some umph! Some salt! Some peppers! Some soy sauce! Something... I'd eat it again, sure. I have the left overs downstairs. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't AWESOME.

Of course, since our waiter told us there are vegan dessert options, I go the taro pudding (taro + rice + coconut milk, served hot). So simple, SO GOOD. SOOOO GOOD.

I didn't think the service was slow at all, but we went at a 4 o'clock on a Sunday. Our waiter was super nice! 

And 100+ bonus points for the prettyfullness of the restaurant.
Hey, look at me, giving things second chances! I had a better experience this time, and I offer my tips for getting better service.

1) Go when it's busy, preferably on a Friday or Saturday night. It seems counter-intuitive, but the slower the business, the slower your service. It's worth waiting for 15 minutes for a table in order to feel like the belle of the ball once you sit down.

2) Be kind of annoying to your waiter(s). They don't really listen unless you ask for exactly what you want, when you want it. Flag them down if you have to. I have serious problems with being assertive to waiters, and usually I never even say anything when there's a mistake. Don't be like me!

3) If you get soup (Pho), it will NOT come with the stuff that the menu says it comes with! You'll get sprouts, hot peppers, and a lime wedge. (See my first review.) Before the waiter leaves, ask for hoisin, sriracha, basil and cilantro. THEN your soup will be delicious. If you don't ask, get ready for a delightful meal of vegetables floating in hot water. 

So, this place is hit or miss. Hope my tips help.
