Old school Southern Italian in the South Market. I like coming here on a random weeknight.

1) Homemade salad dressing but there is dairy in it without you knowing.
2) Lots of Red Sauce Options. 
3) Pass on the Chicken Marsala and go right to the Meatballs
4) Not cash only

You kind of come here for that old school Italian feel - b/c there isn't anything fancy about it.
South Philly is one of the top places on the planet to eat Italian outside of Italy. In fact America's oldest Italian restaurant is in South Philly as well as the oldest Italian restaurant still run by the same family.  There are Italian bakeries and pasta shops everywhere.  But perhaps the most famous of the traditional old-time South Philly red-gravy joints is Villa di Roma.  This is a restaurant in the heart of the Italian Market that has stood the test of time and still is feeding scores of hungry diners everyday.  What is truly superlative here are the meatballs.  They are often called Philly's best which in turn puts them in the running for the best in America.  They are the real thing.  I recently decided to order a couple meatballs with a penne in gravy (tomato sauce).  Everything was as tasty as always!
Our experience at Villa di Roma started off fine but ended in a crashing blaze of disaster.  We began with a drink at the bar.  The folks behind the bar were exceptionally friendly.  Then we sat down for our meal.

In terms of the food, nothing special but not horrible.  I think they use store brand pasta, not anything quality like Barilla or DeCecco.  It was gooey and overcooked.  The sauce was decent as were the meatballs.  And the steamed clams were tasty.  

But our waitress was a bitch on wheels.  For starters, she seemed irritated when we asked her what some of the mystery items on the menu were, such as "Spaghetti Mediterranean."  If you're sick of explaining it, print up some damn menus that have descriptions or don't give your dishes such vague names.  

After we finished our meals, she didn't offer us coffee and dessert and then told us she would "really appreciate it" (and she said this repeatedly) if we would go as they needed our table because they had a party of 14 coming in.  Are you f**king kidding me?  We just paid $119 for four people, gave your nasty ass a 25% tip, we're not done with our wine and you're telling us to leave?

Kiss my ass.  I won't be back.
Some things to consider. 

1. Cash Only
2. There's always a wait! Be prepared. 
3. The food order must go in all at once. 

This classic Italian joint is one in a million. Throughout the mayhem you'll catch the owner in order to put your name in for a reservation, overhear the waitresses yelling out drink orders or for you to move the hell out of their way, catch the sound of a kitchen bell going off. All of these are what keeps this place rocking. The menu layout is in the main dining area. You know one of those old school black menu boards with white letters that had to be placed one by one in order to spell out the name of an item and god forbid if you lost a letter. In these days, I'm sure you wont even be able to find a replacement.

The food is anything short of stick your foot in it good. Just good ole authentic and if you didn't get enough they have a few items on the menu for take out. Meatballs and Gravy anyone?
These people apparently do not understand the meaning of "reservations". We were in Philly for a few days and this was overwhelmingly the recommendation for old school, red sauce Italian food. I called a day ahead and was thrilled that they could give us an 8PM reservation on late notice. We walked in at 7:55. The entrance is to the bar section, which was packed, and it was difficult to figure out where we could check in for our reservation. I finally figured out that they were taking names at the other end of the bar, but the guy who was taking them was super busy and said he would come back to me. He never did, and 15 minutes later when I found him again he put us on the bottom of a list that already had at least 8 tables in front of us. This was already 20 minutes past when our reservation was supposed to be! They weren't even apologetic. I had assumed that the other folks crowding the bar were walk-ins, but apparently everyone there was waiting for a table they had theoretically reserved. People near me were already an hour past their reservation time. I was also appalled by several servers who were saying negative things about their tables within earshot of where we were standing. We had been really excited to eat here, but we were really hungry and ended up having to go elsewhere. 

Obviously they are busy enough that they don't care about individual parties. But if you can't handle taking reservations, DON'T TAKE RESERVATIONS. And if you end up a little behind, don't act like your patrons are jerks or in the way.
I feel compelled to comment on the negative posts for Villa di Roma from Mothers Day 2013. My family and I had a fabulous dinner at Villa and of course there was a wait, this is to be expected anywhere on Mother's Day. I actually sat near the family that complained on Yelp and was appalled by their rudeness to the maitre de and waitstaff. The Villa is a clean restaurant with delicious food and women who work hard to serve their guests. I can't believe anyone would call these women low class because if anybody was low class that day it was that group that I sat next to for dinner. Happy Mother's Day to all!
The excellent reviews for this place bewilder me. First of all it's not Italian food. Italian American maybe but absolutely not Italian. I've never had anything mildly resembling the food I ate here in Italy.

- The garlic bread was almost nuclear. I'd expect you can buy similar in Walmart frozen food dept
- I then had the asparagus. It arrived deep fried (really?) swimming in some sort of greasy cheese sauce. Inedible.
- I then ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and received the largest portion of pasta I've ever seen for one person. I'm beginning to see that can deem a restaurant "great" in America however it's so bloody unnecessary and wasteful. Taste wise it was ok. I could've made it myself
- The wine was ok and reasonable.
- Service was so abrupt and rude (and super condescending to the table behind us)
- The dining room is awfully depressing and uninviting and ram packed with two types of ppl; slightly obese under 50's (approx 20%) and the over 70's (the remaining 80%).
- vastly overpriced

It's honestly mind blowing how ppl give this good reviews.
This is just authentic Italian food. You walk in and just know this place has history. Most likely family owned that still stands today obviously because people know of this place and enjoy it.

I came with my cousin and her two kids, my aunt, and with a big appetite. The menu is definitely vast with so many selections, I was a bit overwhelmed. The service was by some older ladies that you just know are Italian and were no-nonsense type of ladies but amazing with their service. 

I ordered the Shrimp Scampi and it was DELICIOUS. Its presentation was basic but everyone at my table ended up loving my dish I would say the most. The portions are fairly large and there definitely were left overs to take home (except the Shrimp Scampi). 

This place is good. Authentic. Simple just "home-food-like" presentation. Nothing fancy - just good food.
I gotta give this place some props for being a paper table cloth type of family style italian restaurant. i love that type of place. And I also love the Italian market. And I love drinking house wine from a carafe in a highball glass. But the food is only run of the mill italian. nothing special and not really great. i had the ravioli and meatballs which were pretty good but other members of my party had clams and spaghetti, from which I watched this disappointed woman pour at least 6 ounces of oil into a glass, just by tipping her plate. And that's the main problem with the food, it's sloppy and over-sauced. this is also true of Ralph's I found, which is the same with a nicer decor.  Also one guy got some kind of veal and he thought they had forgotten the veal until he fished into the two inches of sauce that were covering it and found two very well pounded veal slivers beneath the sea of yellow cream. but like i said , the ravioli and meatballs was good, so if you find yourself there, that's the way to go.

I think some people expect this place to be really good because it is seated in the heart of the Italian Market, but really it's just kind of a tourist trap if there is such a thing in the italian market. If it were anywhere else i doubt it would get much attention or recommendations. that being said, I've had worse, but i don't like that Villa di Roma often represents the quality of South Philadelphia Italian food to many visitors. i would recommend Cucina Forte or L'angolo to anyone who wants good Italian in South Philly.
Villa di Roma makes me both happy and sad. It makes me happy because it's somewhere I can go with my family/friends and relive my paternal grandparents' cooking. It makes me sad because no matter how reminiscent the food, it will never be as good as that I grew up eating. Because I was so spoiled, there is a lot of Italian (American) food I simply will not eat... the vittles at VdR are not on that list.

I'm not going to lie to you and say eating here isn't a pain in the ass. It's cash only, they don't take reservations and parking is always a big unknown. The amusing thing about this is because members of my family have been eating here for the better part of 40 years, none of this is a big deal. As with most things in life, insider knowledge helps... and even better when there is no official record of anything. That said, don't be surprised if a group that comes in after you gets a table before you. Yes, it's really like that.

I haven't had anything at Villa that I haven't liked. I'm sure there are duds, but because I always end up with the same half dozen things, I would never know. I should probably branch out to see what else is out there, but traditions are tough habits to break. I blame Sparky & Johanna, may they rest in peace.

My recommendations:
-Steamed Mussels
-Meatballs
-Fried Asparagus 
-Pasta Di Linguine
-Linguine Abruzzi
-Bread dipped in the sauce/gravy of any of the above items
-Cannoli

If you try these things and don't like them, please don't tell me. I'm liable to cut you.
Even with a reservation we had to wait 20 minutes because Villa di Roma is so popular. Even after the Italian Market closes for the day, the restaurants are bustling well into the evening.  

Our server Debbie seated us and quickly brought us our drinks and bread. From that point it was smooth sailing. Appetizers came out quickly and they were fantastic. The fried asparagus is unbelievable! Lightly breaded and so tender. I should have ordered more. The clams casino,  meatballs and their homemade garlic bread were both excellent. 

Entrées came out quickly as well. Sausage Genovese, Manicotti, Eggplant Parmesan and Veal Bella Bucca. Our friend said the sauce (gravy) was almost as good as her Nonna's. 

The atmosphere is good and basic. Bar and two dining rooms. Truthfully we were there for the food and they did not disappoint.
We enjoy dining out and have no problem spending money on great food and service...this was neither. 
The bartender greeted us and said "sit wherever you want." Perfect!  After sitting at a table in the corner for a few moments we were asked where the rest of party was.  No hello, can I get you menus, can I get you a drink to start? Nothing! 
We were strait told to move. "This is a four top table only." Ok, after pointing us to another table that also had 4 CHAIRS, we looked over the menu. Another couple came in and sat at the said same table. This couple were obviously regulars. Not only did they get drinks and salads before we were even asked if we wanted drinks, they had their entrees before my wine came to the table. 
Ps Dont ask for extra bread, it will get thrown on your table. Forget having your empty plates cleared in a timely manner, they were busy giving dessert to the same table of regulars. 
Good thing we have other neighborhood  restaurants that treat us kindly. 
Villa you should be ashamed!
I would suggest that no one with young children consider entering.. I've lived in Philly my whole life and have never experienced such a nasty reaction to seeing children . The manager( possibly
Owner ?) and bar tender were just fine , but the one waitress working the extremely empty restaurant intentionally  walked by us multiple times and yelled to get out of her way . When we finally got a table ( not sure why there was a wait ) and asked for bread for our kids she freaked out , and yelled she'll " get to us when she gets to us". Our party of 8 all stood up and left immediately.. it was that bad .
The only good thing here is the meatballs. Otherwise this place is passable and over priced. 

I live in the neighborhood and have been here a few times, and each time I leave and wonder why i went there in the first place. Their white clam sauce comes out gray and salty because they never rinsed the brine off their canned clams. We also made the mistake of ordering their signature salad, which comes topped with Russian dressing instead of.....oh I don't know....maybe a nice italian vinegrette or something? To top off our disappointing meal we got garlic bread which consisted of garlic powder caked onto buttered bread with melted cheese. 

Overall I am telling you to find better places, because honestly there are good italian restaurants in the city. You would think being in the Italian market they would have higher standards but obviously being an old establishment and a tourist trap has made them lazy.  
I think sentiment goes a long way into making this place successful, but people have to realize that their grandparents wouldn't have liked this place in its current state.
Warning: It's Cash Only

Glorified Diner

This should not be called an Italian restaurant. Their are no descriptions of what the dishes have on them just names. The prices make it seem like you're going to get a plate larger than your head and take home leftovers, but no leftovers here. My fettuchini Alfredo had the cheese separating from the other sauce elements, making it very odd and lumpy. Waitresses were confused about whether or not they were out of things. My boyfriend and I left and both said never again.
You could say that I like Villa di Roma and I wouldn't have to slap the lie right out of your mouth. 

It's the truth. Villa di Roma hits me on a nostalgia level; reminds me of Italian restaurants that we used to go to in the Bronx when I was a kid. It makes me wanna drink a full-fledged coke from the bar with my plate of chicken parm and spaghetti. Of course Villa Di Roma is distinctly South Philly feeling and I now order long hots when we're served our bread and butter. I could make a sentimental face about Villa Di Roma because years and years and years ago it was the first restaurant that my boyfriendnowhusband and I ever went to in Philly. And the food's good. Watch me, I'll make a sentimental face over meals too.  

Villa di Roma's eggplant parmigiana with spaghetti is just exactly what I want during the comfort food hankering times. For me, it hits the spot. 

Then there's this: the chicken marsala is a huge portion of pounded-so-thin chicken fried light and crispy and covered in mushroomy marsala sauce. My moms is actually the one who orders this dish, her favorite, but she can never finish it. She gives pieces away which we descend upon like despicable scavenger beasts. That chicken marsala is good, I tell you.

We went to Villa di Roma for years without trying a meatball. Yes, good meatballs, good meatballs too... 

If you're not afraid to radiate garlic vibes to your whole block, I'd also recommend the spaghetti with oil, garlic, and anchovies. You'll leave a new and pungent person. I'll tell you this: I love how when you fry anchovies they transform, golden and almost nutty. With that garlicky pasta we order a side of sauteed escarole. Kinda mix a little in. This is good stuff.

Italian American specialities are my total comfort food.  "Red Sauce Gravy Grandma" is gonna be the name of my new band. That's as far as I've gotten with that, but I just wanted to tell you. 

I'll offer this blurb: Villa di Roma for all your old-skooly neighborhood Italian tasty comfort food needs. Cash only!
This IS South Philly. Glad to be back to the Villa after too long. Cash only, no reservations, waitresses with attitude! I'm home. I've gone out to eat recently and the food has been just good, or not bad. The food here at the Villa makes me want the next bite, I finish my plate while the food is still piping hot! Fried asparagus, soup, villa salad, Veal Bella Bucca for me, Sausage Genovese for Dad, coffee & cannoli; now I can die.
I visited Villa di Roma for the first time a few years ago, admittedly via a tip from a Food Network star that I'd prefer not to mention because I can't help but find her to be so very annoying.  But enough about Rachael Ray.  Oh, wait...

Anyway, the restaurant was exactly as it was portrayed on the program:  not a large space, very "old school" in terms of both clientele and how things were served; you don't get individual menus for the table - you read your choices off of a board on the wall.   And they accept cash only.

At first, I will say I was not all that impressed. I mean, Rachael Ray was bouncing off the walls with her positive review of this place on the program and while I wanted to believe her, I sat in my chair squinting to attempt to read the wall menu, and I was hoping against hope that I was going to come out of there with at least a decent meal - as the wait to get in was long and I just wasn't quite getting the hype.

All that changed with my first bite of my chicken parm.  I don't know how they managed to get it precisely as I always desire it to be (thin sliced, lots of red sauce, and tasty fresh mozzarella, not glopped on) but they did.  And while I was happily enjoying my meal and forgetting all about every single doubt I'd had once inside, the best was yet to come.

My dinner companion was a huge eater.  He can order the largest meal on the menu and still feel hungry for more.  And when he loves something, he *really* loves it.   So he's finished his meal well before I was done.... and is taking the bread and dipping it into his leftover sauce.   After awhile, there's no more bread, but still a tiny bit of sauce left.  Me, i'd have just handed my plate in and called it a night.   But he had a look on his face of pure sadness.  I could tell that he really, really wanted that last bit of sauce.

Well, the owner noticed too.  He ran right over to us and said to him, "you want the rest of that sauce, don't you?"  And then he presented him with another few slices of bread, smiled, and walked away.  It made our night.

I've returned a bunch of times since then and every time I've had delicious food that has never disappointed.  I'd be happy without the line and without feeling like I was stuck in a time warp to the seventies, but any place that brings you bread at the end of the meal to get that last bit of sauce eaten up deserves the highest of praise.   Clearly they know, and are confident about, their food, and they look out for their customers and want them to feel like they're at home.  And that's hard to come by these days.
I'm not too crazy about Villa di Roma.  I've only eaten here once.  I went as a group of three and we got an order of chicken parmesean, veal , ravioli, and some pasta.  The food is nothing special, it's average at best.

I'm ok with home-cooked style restaurants, but the problem with Villa di Roma is the portions aren't that great and the place isn't that cheap.  An entree is about $15-$20 but thats just for the entree.  It doesn't come with a small side of pasta, so you gotta order a plate of pasta for yourself at another $10.  I'm all down with no frills, home cooked style food, but the truth is when a meal comes out to more than $30 a person, I would hope to have some sort of refinement in my meal.  I mean $30 will buy you some pretty nice meals in plenty of  nice resturants in Philly.

The service was average too.  I would like it to feel mom and pop, like a real neighborhood joint, but I think they have gotten too touristy and probably lost that feel a long time ago.

Go to Villa di Roma, just to try it.  It's a pretty popular Philly establishment so maybe you should judge it for yourself.  For me, it's nothing special.  Once and never again.
Awful experience. Had a family dinner consisting of 15 adults and 5 children. Owner charged more than the quoted price, charged adult prices for kids, was rude when we inquired about the change, wait staff seemed put out by our large party, service was rushed, as if it was an inconvenience to have us there (note: entire upstairs room was empty), and food portions were scant. Would definitely NOT recommend.
Arrived at Villa Di Roma with a group of 8 anticipating our 2nd installment of Supper Club... This time south Philly Style.

Food amazing, solid, as my brother James had previously posted. I had a veal dish w lemon butter, capers and mushrooms. It was difficult to understand the menu items as they just listed them on the board/menu with no detail & the waitress seemed to be bothered as I ran down the list asking what each veal dish was. I get it. Your on 9th street, you get loads of tourist, and you expect everyone to talk & be Italian, right?
Just expected a little more pep in our waitress's step however I won't let it stop me from giving this Italian hot spot in the Italian Market a 5 star! Boom!!
Ok I love it. Im Sicilian and this is South Philly Italian at its best. I stay away from the red gravy  because I only like my Grandmothers and mine . That being said , eat the veal! Get the fried asparagus! The garlic bread is off the hook. The chicken dishes rock!  This is a great place to take out of town guests. It's very reasonable and the service is very "hon" if you know what I mean. Manga!!!!
i wish i could give it no stars, villa di roma is the crapiest restaurant in the city. the food is terrible and prepared with a very heavy hand. i grew up around the corner and 99% of my family hates it there. the 1% who does is an uncle who has no taste buds. craig laban needs to have his head examined if he thinks this is the best italian restaurant in the city. authentic? maybe. but ick ick ick. don't waste your time. the best italian restaurants in the neighborhood, cus' and palumbo's nostalgia. the third best is dante and luigi's. go there if you want red sauce, italian-american food. and don't bother with ralph's either, they have one good dish.
Mediocre Italian food.  Think Olive Garden.  Rude waitress.   No breakdown on the bill.  Just a total $ amount on a piece of paper???  $300.00 Cash only.  No espresso...  Had such high hopes walking in and pure disappointment on the way out.
This is hands down the best authentic Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. I'm normally not one for pasta dishes, but the pasta here is to die for. real juicy and practically homemade. Now that I hear that the Eggplant parm is good I know what I'm trying next (if I can resist that urge for lasagna or linguine).
It takes awhile to get a table sometimes since it's well known and people flock here. but it can well worth the wait and they have an pretty good bar selection just for just in case. go here with an empty stomach though. because it's the real deal and will fill you up fast.
I made a reservation a week in advance for tonight and when we arrived it was no where to be found. They said no problem 30 minutes. After 60 min we asked how long and they stated 5 minutes. 15 min later we walked to the front and the host gave us no acknowledgment so we just walked out. I witnessed another couple walk out as well. It's a shame because I was looking forward to dining here but they were extremely rude and there are plenty of other restaurants to eat in Philly where you would feel welcome at.
Heaping portions of classic dishes without pretense are on order at this old school Italian restaurant.

Service is not friendly, but is courteous and efficient. There's a good chance you might get some sarcasm with your pasta.

Most entrees are about $15 and your server will make sure that your table has more than enough fresh Italian bread before they are delivered. If you're feeling rich, you might want to spend a few dollars more and try the Villa's outstanding garlic bread- some of the best I've ever had.

I ordered the ravioli with meatballs and it came with four gigantic raviolis and two gigantic(er) meatballs. Unless you're feeling super hungry, an entree could easily be shared between two people- especially if an appetizer is ordered beforehand. My mom's baked ziti with asparagus also looked delicious- it was served piping hot with a prodigious amount of tender asparagus.

We didn't try dessert, but another party in the restaurant seemed excited about ordering some cannolis that were on offer.

The only thing keeping this restaurant from being five stars in my mind is the price point for entrees- I think that a fairer price might be around $12  per entree given that, while the food is delicious and plentiful, it's still just pasta.
Villa di Roma is about as close as it gets to Sunday dinner at an Italian's home...down to the atmosphere which is reminiscent of a Philly rowhome basement.  The food is so authentic and it is obvious the owners/chef take great pride in their food. The service is straight up south Philly but without the attitude...more like the Italian mom that never lets you leave hungry.  
As others have mentioned, the fried asparagus is to die for.  My husband ordered the pasta di linguine which was fabulous.  My linguini abbruzzi was delicious as well.
The only only thing that could make Villa any better would be of they served better bread. With food so authentic (and Sarcone's in walking distance!) there's no reason the bread should be lousy.  But other than that minor detail, the food is fantastic and I can't wait to go back!
I like it. I like it!

So I know that there are a few reviews that note a lack of service or rude service. I didn't find that to be the case. I think that some don't recognize Philly personality and it often comes across as being rude when t's just Philly. 

We stopped in for lunch while we were shopping @ the Italian market. Had to come back because they opened at noon on Saturday. We sat at the bar. FYI if you are more than 4-5 in your group and you want to come in and eat, you gotta get a table. You may not sit at the bar. If you walk in to the bar side and want a table you have to walk further into the restaurant. Don't just stand at the bar. They will point you (very directly to the back to get a table). Again don't think of this as rude - think of it as a classic Philly experience. 

Anyway we had the special (shrimp & scallops in red sauce) and the spaghetti and meatballs. We thoroughly enjoyed both. The special was perfectly balanced and would highly recommend. We ate a perfect Sunday gravy (aka spaghetti sauce). It was a stick to your bones meal that we were craving. 

Stop in and soak it all in. Bring your cash (it's a Philly thing- get over it) and your appetite cause you'll enjoy this mom & pop shop in the middle of the market. 

They have full bar. We plan on stopping in the next time we are here so go enjoy a nice classic Philly experience.
KIiler, done just right Italan food. Not pretentious, exactly what Italian food should be. We started with an order of the garlic mussels, very good (although the mussels were kinda small) I went with the house special, spaghetti and meatballs which was done perfect! the meatballs were some of the best I've ever had, and that's saying a LOT! Wifey had the shrimp scampi, which she thoroughly enjoyed. We also ordered the garlic spinach, that was perfect. They have a small wine by the glass menu, but enough to choose from adn not a single glass over $8! WE also finished off the night with a cannoli, again one of the best I've ever had. The ambience was very old school, no frills. The service was fantastic! (our server even brought us out each a free glass of wine aftger we paid our bill, sweet!) All told, our meal topped just over $80, can't beat that! The only super very minor thing I'd say is I hate the cash only places, where you're going to spend $100 on dinner (I just don't ever carry that much cash) but I know that's normal in Philly,not a huge deal. I'll for sure be back!
I wasnt impressed with the food,service or pricing. I asked what the difference was between a few dishes and I got a quick minimal description. I ordered chicken Neapolitan.I dont believe the chicken was cooked thoroughly. I ate not even a quarter of the food.  My boyfriend ordered chicken Alfredo.The cheese was really lumpy. My son ordered shrimp scampi which came out in tiny dish with a few pieces of shrimp in it,no pasta was in it. The bread they gave us was fresh and very good. Our bill came to $48. We didn't  realize they dont take cards so we had to pull money out of the ATM. We handed the waitress $60 and she never came back to us. She gave herself the rest of the money for a tip. I was furious! 

I dont recommend anyone go to this place. Prices are outrageous, food portions are very small and the service horrible! I would have been better off buying the food along the street and snacking instead.
Oy. So my boyfriend and I came here STARVING and before a birthday get together at my cousin's house. When we came the host took our name down, said there would be a little wait and walked away. I happened to notice an empty table staring me in the face the entire time we were waiting. The bartender was very nice and my boyfriend got a beer while we waited.
A little wait ended up being about 40 minutes- with that empty table staring me in the face the entire time. Finally when we were called, he sat us AT THAT TABLE! No one came or went from that section, so that really made me angry. We ordered our food which took about 15-20 minutes to be prepared and ate it in about 5. My boyfriend got the Veal Domenic, which he reported was good. I got some grilled chicken with onions, peppers and mushrooms. The meal itself was pretty good and the server was nice enough but the management seemed a bit off their game.
They are apparently famous for their meatballs and "gravy" so I think we may give this place another try if in the neighborhood again.
We went in late on a Friday around 9:30. The restaurant was about half-empty and there were a number of seats at the bar. We sat down, ordered two drinks and asked to put in a food order. The bartender said "one minute." We waited 5 more and asked again. Then he said, "oh, we're not taking food orders at the bar, you have to wait for a table" Yet there were a number of people eating at the bar and I'd say twice per month I eat at the bar. I asked how long and he said "I don't know, a little while." So then I asked how long for a table and he said "I don't know." The whole encounter was extremely rude for a loyal customer that lives a few feet from the restaurant. Needless to say I got up and left. We have been loyal customers but the rudeness was unimaginable. We actually had our wedding rehearsal dinner booked for Villa next month. Not anymore.
The food here was truly delicious but the service and ambience left a lot to be desired. As my family and I were being seated I overheard the owner tell our server that our party were "first timers" to the restaurant and followed that up with a comment about how that's "just what she needs." 

Here's the thing: I can handle some gruffness in personality and don't need a server to try to be my friend, but the waitress we had for dinner was just rude and offputting from the get go. Apparently holding out a serving tray for us to take on our water glasses is a thing here?

In the future, I would consider ordering take out from here but would never eat in the restaurant again. Definitely the worst service I have ever experienced dining out in Philly.
We have been coming here for a
Few years now . Like a lot of ppl I first heard about this place on the Food Network. Also like a lot of ppl I have noticed that most of the places that are hyped up like this are almost always a huge letdown .. 

Not here . Have been here like 25 times and have NEVER had anything close to a bad meal . It's the epitome of what a good old fashioned Italian restaurant should be . Simple ingredients ,simple food done perfectly . 

Service can be a little gruff, it's not bad service but the ladies don't go
Overboard on the pleasantries . Which is fine, ur there to eat anyway . 

I've tried just about everything thing on the menu and all of it has been amazing . I will say that my faves are the veal Marsala and the Gravy and meatballs ..

This place has the best meatballs I have ever tasted . Tender,juicy and packed
With flavor . With the gravy it's an absolute home run . I'd recommend this place to anybody that likes good old school Italian food in a no frills no fuss no muss place .
Hearty italian food, full bar, CASH ONLY!!!

I can't really say whether or not this is "authentic italian food" since I'm not Italian... but I can tell you that i've eaten a hell of a lot of italian food, and this tastes pretty damn good.  It's probably more like Italian-American... which is just fine with me.  The red sauce is nice and thick, the Lasagna is out of this world, and the service is decent.  I've taken a few people here from out of town, and it never fails to impress.  This is a great, inexpensive place to take family (read: hard-to-please parents).  It really reminds me of the family italian restaurants I used to go to as a kid... it's casual, and no frills... just good hearty eats.
2nd stop on our grand tour of Philly Italian establishments: Villa Di Roma.

Cash only and no reservations. Knowing this, dining partner and I arrived around 6:45 on a Friday to try and beat the dinner date crowd. We were seated after a short wait in the bar area. Appetizers: we split the Villa Salad which was good (but only if you like your salad drenched in Russian or Thousand Island-type dressing) and I ate all of the fried asparagus. I ordered the gnocchi as my entree and dining partner ordered the Chicken Marsala. The gnocchi was served with a garlicy red-ish sauce with plenty of leftovers to take home and the Chicken Marsala sauce was excellent. Our waitress Jeanie was outgoing, very helpful with recommending dishes, and was attentive in filling our drinks and bread basket. We managed to save room for dessert, unfortunately the cannolis were gone so we settled on cheesecake, which was a great way to end the dinner.
To be honest I only ate here because Rachael Ray tried it and "Liked it". I know she may be in her not so sincere self ( I do recall her face says I want to puke this slop but she would say its very nutty and the pop and zing in your mouth)so I checked it out.. Parking was a hassle had to park on 10th street but its fine the Italian Market area is no place for cars its cab, walk or bike thats it.

The Old lady who gets the orders is nice and quite proud of their stint at the Food Network. Chicken Parm and Seafood Pasta was indeed good, not a lot of people were there when we ate , it was literally just our table being waited upon. Brick wall, No Credit Cards (usher in the new world pls. Villa di Roma...plastic = convenience for customers.)
People here were right the red sauce is one of the best I have tasted not too sour just right.
THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD in the area!!! Now, after going to Italy - this is definitely where you can get your taste of authentic, Italian food without going to Italy.

I absolutely love it here. Everything is delicious. I've had their garlic bread, mussels in red sauce, spaghetti and meatballs, everything.

YUMMY!

It's BYOB too :)
Villa di Roma was my first meal as a new Philadelphian - so the charm of that little fact may come into play, but I loved it.  Total, authentic Philadelphia experience - down to the quick on her feet/quick with a joke waitress who had us in stitches for most of the night, and the barman who greeted my friends like family.

Enjoyed the eggplant parmigiana while I was there AND for two days after (leftovers, not heartburn!) and the Villa Salad...well...let's just say if my friends weren't there I might have licked the plate.  Tried some of the gnocchi as well and I approve...light, airy, but able to soak up the sauce.  Delicious. 

Good solid Italian favorites in a comfortable, bricked dining room - nothing fancy, but no bullshit or pretense either - and when you're craving that, it's just what you need.
Great!  We went Saturday nite with friends, and I have to say, excellent!  I was impressed with the food, the server - I think her name was Rita was so good. 

My husband had the pasta with various seafood in a red sauce, and was over the moon with it!  I would recommend a visit if you are looking for casual!
My partner's mother was in town and she wanted a real Philadelphia Italian meal, so she asked somebody at the Rittenhouse Hotel where to go.  They said we should go to Villa di Roma.  Additionally, they called and made us a reservation.

When we came in, the place was packed.  People were waiting for tables behind the bar.  The decor is a little beat up, totally family style and kitschy, but we figured the busyness was a good sign.

"Forever," a fat guy said to my partner's mom, suddenly.

"Excuse me?" she said.

"That's how long the wait is," he added, confirming that he knew the English language.

"Is the food good here?" she asked.

"What, you think all these people are stupid?"  He looked around the room.  "That they would wait forever for bad food?"

"All right," she said, I think in shock.

After waiting fifteen minutes for our table, we were unceremoniously seated and hastened to order.  The food was decent, and the portions were large.  Nothing special.  And the atmosphere was a major turn-off.  This is yet another place in Philly that we visited once and will never return to, but it was all right.  My partner's mom decided it was "authentic," so she gave it the thumbs up in the end.
Where do I start? Let's say first that I'm an ease to please, down to earth guy. Then I'll say that I like Italian food and I'm able to tell a good dish from a not so good one. Let me also note that I was with my 22 YO daughter and in the celebration mood for a task she completed successfully that day. 
Where to find Italian food that is not chain-like and has the best chance to be close to "authentic"? Well, that had to be in the heart of the Philadelphia's Italian market. Are you still with me? Good. 
This happened Thursday afternoon. 4 PM to be precise. Restaurant just opened for dinner. Very few patrons at that time. Warm welcome, nice server lady, who once asked about, told us that the gnocchi were not actually gnocchi but cavatielli (if you don't know the difference, or better yet, tasted the difference, stop here and do your research). Fair enough, my daughter asked for spaghetti marinara and I asked for the flounder with asparagus and pasta side. 
Let me be clear here. All of the other opinions that state that this is "authentic" Italian food, I seriously doubt that had written the same if served the food we got or just have never tasted the food in Italy (NY little Italy does not count) and don't know what they are talking about.  
The pasta was not strained enough, the flounder was completely unremarkable, I didn't saw or noticed any sauce and I was given two asparagus in my plate. The marinara sauce in my daughter's dish had nothing on it that left any pleasant memory either. 
My best guess is that the chef had the day off and we were left in the incompetent hands of the dishwasher. 
The service was good and relatively fast, the price was neither cheap nor expensive, but the value was poor. Let me finish saying that as much as I disregard the chain restaurants that try to pass for Italian. This time I would have been more satisfied in there than in this place. 

Sorry. You guys truly disappointed me. Be more mindful for the ones after me, because I'm not coming back. 

PS. For those who care to know, I have traveled Italy with my family from north to south and east to west, and I haven't had a bad meal while in there (go figure). I avoid mass tourism and tourist traps, so that's not my reference either while visiting Italy.
Philly Classic. Mostly 5 stars for sentimental reasons; brings back old memories of how South Philly used to be, and there used to be many places like this in Philly. Of course, times have changed and while Ralph's is still around, as is Dante & Luigi's (although gone somewhat upscale), there is always room in my heart for an honest old school American style Italian restaurant. And this falls exactly into that spot. 

Best known for their meatballs (best I've had in Philly except for maybe Chick's), but they have great fried asparagus too, and garlic bread; steamers, etc., They do NOT have pizza here. Wine list is on the small side (remember, I said it is old school), although they have updated the beer list over time to include more craft breweries (some things DO change), and that's probably the way I'd go.

Favorite items (warning: long!)

Apps: Steamed Mussels($11.50), Shrimp Scampi (one of my favorites; $10.95), Fried Asparagus ($8.95), Steamed Clams (in white sauce preferred, $11.95)

Salads: Tossed ($3.50), Villa ($9.95; serves two)

Pasta: Spaghetti and Meatballs ($14.95-favorite), Ravioli and Meatballs ($18.95), Lasagna ($14.95), Manicotti ($14.95), Baked Rigatoni ($15.95-favorite),  Eggplant Parm ($15.95), Gnocchi ($14.95), Spaghetti and Clams (in white sauce-$16.95), Spaghetti and Sausage ($16.95)

Specialty Pasta: Pasta Di Linguine ($21.95-one of  my favorites), Quattrocini Alfredo ($17.95), Baked Ziti and Asparagus ($16.95-favorite)

Shrimp/Seafood: Shrimp Scampi ($14.95-entree size; favorite), Lobster Francese (fried lobster; $24.95)

Sausage: Broiled Sausage ($17.95), Sausage Cacciatore ($16.95), Sausage Genevese ($17.95)

Veal: Veal Parm with Eggplant (favorite-$18.95), Veal Marsala (favorite-$20.50), Veal Piccanti ($19.95), Veal Francese ($19.95), Veal Bella Bucca ($23.95), Veal Pizzaiola (favorite-$20.95)

Chicken: Chicken Cacciatore ($16.95), Chicken Sicilian ($18.95-favorite dish in restaurant), Chicken Parm ($15.95), Chicken Marsala ($18.95), Chicken Bella Bucca ($21.95), Chicken Livers Caruso ($16.95)

Steaks: Steak My Way ($29.95), Steak Vermeil ($28.95)

Sides: Spinach ($5.95)
tl;dr this old-school Italian joint remains a vibrant relic of Italian Market past, featuring some of Philly's best Italian comfort food

While the Italian Market continues to modernize, some things never change. And when it comes to sit-down Italian restaurants? Villa di Roma. This no-frill restaurant prides itself on its unpretentious approach to Italian comfort food since 1963. Crimson brick and bright neon signs make Villa impossible to miss. Walk into the dimly lit bar, buzzing with the chatter of patrons and sports alike. Follow the long wooden bartop and pass by the black-and-white photo of Rocky Balboa to the back wall to check-in and await your table. The dining room to the right sports lemon-yellow walls and cramped, white tablecloth-adorned tables. In the room to the left, the slanted white cork ceilings starkly contrast the brick walls and the converted wagon-wheel chandeliers. A letter board in the back charts Villa's extensive menu.

My partner and I arrived on a weekend night for dinner, armed with a reservation (make it by phone), but still waited ~15 minutes for an open table. We opted for the Fried Mushrooms (a special for the day) to being, followed by the Pasta Di Linguine and the Spaghetti and Meatballs. The mushrooms were stuffed with lump crab and served in a rich butter sauce, but felt disappointingly small for the price. Both pasta dishes were generously portioned. The linguine was topped with a surprisingly heavy portion of seafood Fra Diavolo. The sauce was thin, creating a bit of a mess but proving to be the perfect complement to extra bread. Meanwhile, my partner raved that Villa's thick red sauce was just like her grandparents' Sunday gravy -- it's no wonder that Villa serves jars of it to-go.

Service immediately made us feel at home, but the kitchen was slow -- we had nibbled our way through two servings of bland bread waiting for food. At $64 (after tax/tip), the meal felt a hair overpriced. And, with Villa's cash-only policy, my wallet felt noticeably lighter. Nonetheless, by sticking to its roots, Villa is offering a dining experience that can be matched by only a few restaurants. There isn't a place I'd more highly recommend for an authentic, home-cooked Italian dinner.
Shame on the "Karens" writing reviews during a pandemic when restaurants are operating on their bare bones, meanwhile doing their best to keep their business afloat during this time.... This is THE best Italian food with THE best community of people in Philadelphia. This place is an institution and I want to see it still standing once this pandemic / economic downturn has passed. Amazing food. Amazing energy.
This will forever be in my top #3 favorite restaurants in Philly. If you haven't been here or heard of it yet you need to make your way to the Italian Market. 

Cash only, full service bar no byob, amazing cannolis, old school feel and the best meatballs in town. Always crowded on nights the Flyers are playing at home (everyone tends to come in for a pregame meal in their jerseys)

Can't go wrong with any of their top dishes Veal Sicilian, chicken Marsala, ravioli and meatballs, baked ziti Sicilian, and ziti Francis. Portions are filling, huge and reasonable (usually have leftovers) 

If you want the right philly Italian experience and meal this is your place.
Honestly... We had a HORRIBLE experience here. Our party of four (all having worked in the restaurant industry) were appalled at the service we received. Our server was incredibly rude and inattentive. She did not stop to check in on if we needed anything in the 1+hours we were waiting for our food after having placed our orders. Waiting would not have been as big of a deal if she had apologized and explained that the kitchen was backed up. But no, she basically ignored us for the entire time. Not only that, other tables larger than our own, who had been seated well-over 20 minutes after us, received their food well before we received ours. At 8 we started to receive our food (we had entered the restaurant at 630 and seated around 650) When our food did start coming out (all of us had ordered pasta which we all know doesn't take an hour to cook) she pretty much THREW it down across the table in front of my roommate without a word and walked away (other tables she was chatting up nicely). This was the final straw that led us to talk to the owner/manager. We actually were ready to walk out without eating at this point because of the horrible service. The owner, Pip, came over and apologized saying he would make sure that our night from then on would be a great time. He then took the shrew of a server off of our table and had a very friendly woman take over. Food was good, not great but fine, second server was wonderful. At the end of the meal our check came.... They said they had taken some off of our bill... $8... Our bill after that "comp" was $100 and some change. This means that after being treated horribly And waiting over an hour for pasta we did not even get 10% off our bill. The owner had asked us to stop by the front to speak to him before we left. We thought it was a very nice gesture, however, he then takes us outside and all he says to us is that the server is "a good girl", that "that's just South Philly", that we need to try coming again (which we won't) and that it was the kitchen that made our wait so long. I'm sorry but the kitchen is not responsible for the waitress' awful attitude and horrible demeanor. To sum it up... No we will never dine at this establishment again.
Anyone who bashes the food here is out of their mind. Fine...if you want to call it "Italian-American" go ahead. Everything I've had here has been great. How they get the texture of the meatballs so perfect is a mystery to me. 
It's somewhat disorganized and the waitresses are a little salty, but you're in South Philly for Christ's sake. The decor is outdated and they have wagon wheel chandeliers. If you can't appreciate all that as part of the charm, go to the Olive Garden in Cherry Hill.
The wife and I split a carafe of chianti with dinner that cost $20. If you can find a better value, please go somewhere else. Maybe next time our wait will be less than an hour if you people stop coming here.
This place is underwhelming. I guess I had higher expectations for a restaurant located IN the Italian Market and that has been around for longer than I've been alive. 

They were really busy when we arrived, which was fine, I have no problem waiting for a table, there were plenty of seats at the bar to have a drink while we waited. Put our name in for a table, and while trying to make our way back to the bar and out of the way one of the waitresses came busting through with two hot plates of food and basically told us to move because she could barely carry the plates b/c they were so hot. So, my bad, I was in your way but really, you could just say excuse me. 

I had the Shrimp Scampi and my friend had the spaghetti and meatballs. Both dishes are just ok. Not bad, but nothing special. The menu left a lot to be desired.

Besides the bartender, who was super friendly and very easy on the eyes, the service was alright, I guess. I just kind of felt like everyone was just trying to get their job done, instead of actually caring about the people that they were serving. The ambiance also left a lot to be desired as well. 

Cash only, really? Its 2015 and you're an established restaurant.
Went with friends, including mother who is 85 for our 6:30 reservation.
Arrived on time, empty tables, but a party of ten was coming early, also at 6:30but had not arrived.
When they arrived, they were immediately seated.
The maitre d' told us to wait a few minutes.  After  25 minutes without being offered a seat, and being told many times just a minute, we left.
We were a group of five very quiet looking adults.
Still unsure the reason. Maybe the wrong type of last name?
This is a very casual, old-school, Italian restaurant in the heart of the Italian market. Think paper napkins, paper menus, and butter in packets. But in-spite of this or maybe because of this, villa di Roma is so homey and comforting. Their food is traditional red sauce and you can't go wrong with the veal parm or any of their pastas. I got the veal Parmesan which was exactly what I wanted, huge piece of meat with enough sauce and pasta to take home for later. And that's just what I did. They also have a full bar so you don't have to worry about finding a bottle of wine to bring. And the prices are very reasonable. Come here for solid food in a no-frills atmosphere.
I have been meaning to get back to this place now that I am on Yelp. Many years ago I lived in South Philly (3rd & Catherine) and my daughter went to school down the street. A hood in transition which became beautiful. Used to go to this restaurant on 9th street in the Italian Market which I thought at the time was good, but nothing spectacular, which I wanted, as taken with the South Philly "tude" which went with the territory. Went back some years later with my wife, grown up daughter and her friend. Some of THE WORST SHIT FOOD AND SERVICE I have ever had. Has apparently become a horrible tourist trap. VERY rude service above and beyond the "tude", and essentially inedible "food". I'm talking essentially garbage from the linguini and clams which tasted exactly like salty and watery lukewarm Campbell's chicken soup to some kind of fettuccini/Velveeta crap. I will never go here again, and if I were you I would stay away. You have been informed. I am VERY amused by the good reviews here.
I really wanted to try Bombinos the other night, but after searching for parking for ages and then walking into the restaurant only to find it was a demolition zone (the owner told us it would be back open in a few days... a sign may have been nice but whatever) we decided to keep the parking spot and find somewhere close. I had eaten at Villa di Roma once before and remembered it to be a cute little place so we told our friends to meet us there and headed over. The restaurant was fairly empty so we didn't have to wait at all for a table and the food came out quickly too... bonus! EVERYONE (there were six of us) loved the food and pretty much scarfed everything that was on our plates. I won't say the food is mindblowing or anything, but it's a nice Italian experience.. the waitress totally got into our conversation and practically pulled up a chair at the table, which was fine with us. Anyway, it's cute, it's cheap, no muss, no fuss.  The only real downside I could find was that the drinks are super small!
It gives me no pleasure to write this unfortunate review of the popular Villa Di Roma in South Philly. We came here as a large party with all the menus and wine options preplanned, unfortunately, the accommodation, both physical and services were insufficient to make the evening go smoothly. The heater was blasting so much heat that my chapstick actually melted just being in close proximity by hanging in the coat pocket of my jacket. The service was friendly, but very overwhelmed and did not bother to refill the water unless requested numerous times. As for the food, I must apologize in advance and state it was my least favorable Italian cuisine I've had in quite some time. The initial cesar salad was drenched in this heavy, salmon-colored dressing, removing any resemblance to a healthy option. The breaded asparagus was swimming in a rich hollandaise-esque sauce that completely removed any texture or flavor from the already carbed-loaded vegetable. The pasta was forgettable and the chicken mushroom marsala felt like the chef just poured an entire bottle of wine in the dish and hoped for the best. The only healthy option during the meal was steamed spinach, which I subsequently realized was blanched spinach drowning in a sea of oil that made me nauseous after a few more bites. Finally, and this is the most important aspect, do NOT NOT NOT get the mussels. On multiple accounts (from other party members), the mussels all had sand in the belly meat and tasted very bland. I have never experienced such sandy and gritty mussels in a respectable restaurant, as I've had better luck buying frozen mussels from your local convenience stores.

At the end of the day, there were no real redeeming qualities aside from the friendly staff to enable me to write a positive review. I will not return in the future.
i have to regretably say this once,couldnt wait to go to resturant has been a consistant dissapointment lately... me and my sweetheart use to love to stop by here for a deliscious casual meal. was always a little annoying how they refused to alter the menu items in any way, but was willing to deal with that in exchange for a "perfect the way it is meal" but as of late the food has been oily salty and served with a side of just plain rude. the waitreses "make urself at home" attitude was at first a bit charming but now i realize after being embarrased by bringing a group of special people there who were down right insulted by they're behavior that its not at all charming.and the lazy rude waitresses there oughtta feel lucky tasteless people still exist,otherwise they'd benot only fat,rudeand lazy,but also unemployed..never eating there again  :(
Dinner was ok, but nothing to write home about. I took someone here for their birthday and I must admit that I was disappointed in the food. The hype about the meatballs.. was just that hype. I had chicken parmesan. The chicken was seasoned well and the pasta was cooked properly but the gravy it was in, was mediocre. Although we had reservations, we still had to wait 30 minutes to get seated. That was not cool. This place will go on my one and done list. The service was subpar but the staff was friendly.
Well I guess I am in the minority since I'm not ranting and raving about this place. Basically, it's a glorified diner with abysmal service. Waitstaff was slow and basically ignore you. The kitchen is even slower. The food was average; just your typical greasy and oily Italian food. Certainly not worth the 45 minute wait after we ordered. It's cash only just as a heads up. Otherwise there really isn't much to say about this place.
The wife loves this S. Philly dive, but it's typical S. Philly  Italian fare. Expect to wait. The mussles are good and ask for plenty of bread. You can't let that broth go to waste.

Plan to be scolded by a S. Philly mother if you don't finish your plate and don't want the rest wrapped. ;)
I've been to the Italian Market many times, but I never really noticed Villa di Roma since I'm usually focused on all the vendors and grocers. But when my Dad came to town for the day and his close friends invited us to dinner in the Italian Market, I quickly came to realize my mistake in overlooking this nondescript restaurant.

On the outside, it doesn't look like anything special. When you go inside, it still doesn't look like anything special. The bar is the first thing you encounter, with a charming bartender who quickly and capably makes whatever drink you order. The waitstaff seems to be composed primarily of Italian women - and the awesome kind of Italian women, who are friendly and funny and kind of like the Italian grandmother you always wish you had (if you're like me and not Italian). 

Our family friends are regulars here, and the moment they walked in everyone greeted them and started joking around with us. The menu is short but sweet, and if you don't recognize the names of dishes (cacciatore vs napoletano vs siciliano, etc) they quickly describe them for you. We shared two salads, their signature one and roasted peppers with sardines, and both were fantastic. Most of the table ordered some form of veal, while I got the chicken cacciatore. Dear lord was that dish HUGE. I ate 1/3 of it (maybe), and I was so stuffed that I felt sick. But I got some amazing leftovers because of it! All of the food is delicious (our entire table kept moaning over every forkful) and very traditional Italian cuisine - almost as good as when I lived in Florence for 4 months! Truly one of the best places in Philly to find Italian food - the REAL kind of Italian cuisine. And those cannoli?! Don't fugedaboutit or you will truly miss out. I hear their meatballs are where its at though - good thing they offer them and their sauce to take home :)
Place is a glorified maggiano's. This is the kind of Italian restaurant your friend named Todd or Jeremy recommends. In other words, people that don't know better. Service is lackluster. Rude and with an air of "we just don't give a..."Taste is ok enough but the cooking generally lacks soul. Bread is a disgrace! I mean come on! How is it possible to serve such inedible dreck at an Italian restaurant in the heart of the italian market. Meatballs are solid, but it ain't as good as gramma used to make it.  "What you want for supper gramma," she'd ask. If yous  are from the neighborhood yous know what I'm sayin'.
Abstract: Great old school Italian red sauce place in a gritty, "Little Italy" urban setting. Note: CASH ONLY! We were prepared.

Was in town for the Cirque du Solei (Kooza) their production under the blue-and-yellow Grand Chapiteau (Big Top) along the Avenue of the Arts. Needed a kid friendly place (we were a party of 5 with 2 kids) and this was it.

We called for reservations and they said that they don't take them on Saturday. We told them we would be there around 5-6pm and they said it shouldn't be an issue at that time.

We walked up from the Big Top and arrived at the restaurant around 6pm. The air conditioning was a welcome thing after the long walk.

The bar area welcomes you upon entry - a very nice neighborhood bar feeling. Long bar, seats about 20, backed up with stools behind it - nice touch when the wait starts backing up.

We were there around 5:30 and true to their word we were seated immediately. Our dining area was to the right of the bar (as you enter.) It was bright, clean, if nondescript dining area. We ordered from the one page paper menu:

Appetizers: Garlic Bread (5 pieces - good) and the steamed clams -  a generous dozen or so clams in a fabulous white wine butter reduction. The house bread (they drop at the table) is excellent.

Meals: My daughter had the lasagna (excellent, I tried it) her friend polished off her plate of ravioli.  The adults had a the linguini in red clam (voted excellent), the veal scaloppini with mushrooms (voted excellent) and I had the shrimp scaloppini which was in red sauce with green pepper, mushroom, and onions, served over ziti. 

Service was professional and friendly (our waitress was Mary). She was sweet - she plated my daughters blazing hot lasagna from the metal serving tray.

Dinner for 5 with the appetizers, entrees, and two Shirley temples each for the kids and 2 alcoholic beverages each for the adults was $143 - we tipped up to $175. Mary had two kids in college so we rounded up on the 20%.

As we left, (around 7:15ish) the place was starting to get packed - the bar was full, and the queue was forming. If you are going with the kids, plan on going early as we did.

Since we were heading for the "cirque" we skipped dessert and began the long, hot walk back with the two kids.
The service was horrible. Patrons actually had to apologize when asking for bread and water and asked to not be yelled at by server. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere.
A couple friends and I stopped in this private Italian restaurant on a cold winter day for lunch. After looking at the menu, we almost left because the menu wasn't descriptive and it was pretty limited in terms of lunch items.  They have mainly pasta, chicken, and steak dishes with some seafood.  But no soups and no sandwiches on the menu (even though we saw another customer with a sandwich later during our meal).  So, that was one con, I would've loved to know that we could've ordered sandwiches.  And it would've been nice if the descriptions of the meals were more detailed.  We ordered Baked Ziti and asparagus and  chicken cacciatore on a whim (and shared those two dishes amongst the three of us).  It was plenty of food and they ended up being really good!  The chicken was cooked in a fantastic tomato sauce.  In conclusion, I'd recommend Villa Roma for dinner or for a nice saucy meal, but if you're looking for a lighter meal, try another restaurant.
This place is a disaster.. They don't even acknowledge your existence. They don't greet you when you get in, you have to go around asking people when you can get seated and they just say "ask that guy over there, he can seat you!" That guy then says "yeah it will be a while" so we just stand there awkwardly for a while.... We waited a half hour to get a table, and then waited almost TWO hours for our food to get there. Keep in mind, this place wasn't even busy! There were open tables and the waitresses were just standing around looking miserable. When we finally got our food, it was very disappointing.. The manicotti was so sour and bitter, truly the nastiest I've ever had. 
I can't believe this place has good reviews.. They seem so unorganized and the staff they have is very unfriendly.. Our waitress looked like she hated her life and everyone she served.
Never going here again, seriously sad place..
From the earthy wait staff to the fantastic red sauce entrees, this is by far my favorite down-and-dirty Italian eatery in Philadelphia.  

The chicken livers are to-die-for, as is the manicotti, but my all time fav is their veal francese.  The thing to remember about Villa is that it is unabashedly basic, and that really works.  The food is so authentic that you'd think you were in an Italian grandmother's kitchen.  

Now, the wine selection is awful and I have had stale wine there in the past. Parking is tough at Italian Market, and this is a cash-only joint.  Aside from all that, I still give it 5 stars - it's wonderful!
I love this place! Villa Di Roma is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. Every time I come back to Philly my first stop is always Villa Di Roma (I hope to land around dinner time so I can head right over there). This place is so laid back, you see people here in sport jackets and you see people here in track suits or shorts, anything goes. Every table has their own feel and is autonomous from each other, so dress how you like.

What can I say, Villa Di Roma has some of the best Italian food around. The entire menu is just awesome, from the chicken cacciatore to the lobster and shrimp over linguine to the mussels in red. 

The musts when coming here: start with mussels in red, either for yourself or to share. Get some garlic bread so you can dip it in the gravy. You also need to get the villa salad, you'll thank me later! For dinner, anything goes. Anything from the menu is pure win. The meatballs here are so good, even if you get seafood or a meat dish, I recommend getting a side of them just for the opportunity to eat some of the best meatballs around.

For dessert, the obvious choice is a cannoli. If you want to try something else that is delicious, order the tartufo (vanilla and chocolate ice cream around cherry puree, formed in to a ball, dipped in chocolate and frozen)... I'm dreaming about it right now. 

Just a reminder, they only accept cash!

I make the trek all the way from the Main Line, and on my flights home from Arizona I dream about stopping there for dinner. If that isn't enough motivation to come and try it, I don't know what else is.
Long wait, rude staff, and slow service! our bread was cold and the service was horrible. Food is good but nothing special. Keep in mind, They don't split checks and cash only....totally not worth it.
We used to absolutely love this place for their mussels, but they have gone to the larger cheap mussels and when I say large they are monster mussels.  When you ask the waitress why they don't have the smaller mussels she comes back with "I like those better" which is even more infuriating when I know the difference in price point between the large and small mussels.  I would gladly return as the rest of their food is great, but not until they start sourcing more reasonable sized mussels.
This place was really a 3.5 when I really think about it. My friend and I walked all the way here passing so many eateries, it was nice to see an Italian place in an Italian area. 
First off, it was a nice usual bar scene, and it had a moderate crowd. There is an ambiguity to this place in terms of host and seating. We looked like lost sheep trying to find the person who seats us, nonetheless we eventually were asked if we had been helped. So try to work with it.
Then we got to ordering, friend got the seafood linguini and I tried the shrimp scampi. They charge you 3 dollars extra to put pasta with the shrimp scampi which I've never heard of but let's work with this place. The service was alright, never got one refill and the menu was very plain.
This was like a mom and pop regular almost diner like kind of Italian sit down with definitely no frills. Anyways, we get our food and they were in large portions, which is very different at all the millions of pasta places I've been to. Very large amount of pasta. So that was nice.
It was simple pasta and it had good shrimp and sauce, same with my friends pasta. I would come back for these two dishes. Now I kept looking at yelp and everyone saying order the meatballs and so we got a side of two meatballs for 8.50 plus. 
Those were not delicious, the gravy that came with tasted very burnt as well. I was very thankful I did not get the spaghetti with meatballs here.
Regardless to say the least, this is very American Italian which bravely serves shrimp scampi and fettuccine Alfredo. They make mom's meatballs but maybe not Nona's if you know what I mean.
Come try this place for a non fancy night with very down to earth food. I gave this place a four because they know exactly what kind of food and service they are providing.
Why 3.5? I'd say the atmosphere to new people, the diversity was very lacking (the only non white on a Friday night), and the service. It's almost as rough as chinatowns service is some ways which I get. 
Try this place for the food, not the romantic atmosphere or innovative frills/service.
They accept reservations for 6 or more. We made a reservation for 8, i called and confirmed the reservation, and when we showed up manager actually said 'your reservation doesn't matter." I'm from Philly, live in South Philly, this is what gives Philly a bad name.
We took a walking tour of the Italian Market earlier in the day and got to see the prep kitchen and meet the owner and his daughter- with samples so yummy we had to come back!

The restaurant seems like Old School Philly, which I find charming. We had the Chicken Piccanti (basically Chicken Piccata) and the Veal Parmigiana with Eggplant (I have never even heard of such a masterpiece). Our food was DELISH. If you're unsure what to get, I recommend the meatballs. We tried them on our tour and they were so good I wanted to bring them home! The wine list was a little meh, but I'm chalking it up to its old-school-ness. 

I'm pretty sure everyone who works there is related and we could tell most of the other diners were regulars. Our waitress was friendly and took good care of us, even though we were clearly from out of town. 

This is a cash only place, so come prepared. They had an ATM in the restaurant, but I really hate paying the extra fees so we stopped at a nearby ATM beforehand.
I love this place and try to go once a month even though I live across town. It's a no frills, Philadelphia classic. You can get a great meal either at the bar or at a table. I refer to this place as a bit of an Italian diner. It's not fancy but everything you order is delicious. The shrimp scampi over spaghetti and chicken marsala are standouts, but no matter what you order it will be delicious. Great service. Cash only.
THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD in the area!!! Now, after going to Italy - this is definitely where you can get your taste of authentic, Italian food without going to Italy.

I absolutely love it here. Everything is delicious. I've had their garlic bread, mussels in red sauce, spaghetti and meatballs, everything.

YUMMY!
You'd never really know to try this place out, which occupies a bland-looking space next to DiBruno's in the Italian Market, unless you had a tip from someone else.

But lo and behold, inside this cozy spot awaits some outrageously delicious food, served by a nice group of good ol' South Philly waitresses. I took Yelp's recommendation on the fried asparagus, which was rich, delicious and came in an absurdly flavorful sauce; the garlic bread was out of this world, too.

I went the easy route and had chicken parm for dinner - not a mistake. Crispy breast of chicken, lots of gooey mozzerella, perfect pasta and a fresh, zesty sauce. Next time I'll branch out but ooo man, what a plate. My lady had chicken sicilian, which was in a sauce reminiscent of marsala sauce but so rich I had to take a pause.

Amazing food in a casual, comfortable place. Not cheap, but worth the money.
Please read this review: it comes out of concern for fellow yelpers. There are a dozen other italian restaurants in the area, so please please pick a different restaurant than this one. I would give this place negative stars if I could. I have never left a yelp review before but this experience was so horrible that it compelled me to make my first. I've been to this place twice, and both times the waitresses were incredibly rude (laughing about customers, kicking my personal belongings to move them, etc), and most importantly, the food was beyond mediocre. My girlfriend's pasta, which was fettuccine with sausage, peppers, and mushrooms, tasted like lavender soap and she could eat no more than a few bites. My own dish which was shrimp and scallop pasta, gave me food poisoning which lead to me throwing up the food an hour later.

I do not remember specifically what I ordered my first time, but I remember being beyond disappointed anyways.

Avoid this place at all costs!
Villa Di Roma is one of our favorite fallback Italian restaurants. It's not only consistently delicious, but it absolutely makes you feel like you're an extra in the Sopranos. I almost expect things to fade to black as I walk out. 

The menu is classic Italian american, and the service always makes you feel like you're visiting a family friend. You know that Italian friend's house you went over in elementary school when you first heard sauce called "gravy" and you got really nervous about eating it? Yup, just like that.

Portions are always generous too, so come hungry.

If you've got a picky friend, you can bring them here - because who doesn't love spaghetti & meatballs, lasagna, or fettuccine alfredo?

You can't go wrong here. Casual dates, group outings, Godfather II re-enactments...you're in good hands.
more like 3 1/2 stars to 4 depending on how the staff is feeling that night, the food is simple italian and tasty. cash only. neighborhood charm. go with a house wine or sam adams. Usu not a problem to get a table but fridays can be tough, just wait at the small bar - worth it.
A client of mine wanted a tray of lasagna for lunch guests she was having over - the next day - and Pip hooked me up.  I spoke with him at 8:30p the night before and he put aside a tray of lasagna as well as meatballs, an entire tray of garden salad AND bread from Sarcone's.  My client was very appreciative and enjoyed the food.  I was so grateful for Pip's can-do attitude.  I am looking forward to having dinner there soon with my friends and family.
NOT WORTH THE WAIT. This mediocre establishment has a remarkable and unorganized waiting list to get a table when we went there at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  When finally seated after our 40 minute wait (we were told 30), the service was incredibly slow, we waited, in total, TWO hours before our meals were served. The food was boring and plain, not bad but nothing special (We ordered the lasagna and the fettuccini ricotta)and the clams casino was somebody else's definition of the classic appetizer, coming with meat sauce atop steamed clams. Altogether a bummer of a night. The two star rating is because the food wasn't horrible. I wouldn't bother with this place again.
One of my favorites places to eat in Philly.  If you are from out of town and near South Philly or center city don't miss the chance to visit the Villa.  The best Meatballs and Veal in the city.  Love the south Philly young ladies who waitress at this place always helpful and willing to make your meal exceptional and explain your dinner choices.  The last visit we had the Villa salad for two and  special of Shrimp, Scallops over linguine with clams it was perfect and recommended by the wait staff, also had Zito with asparagus tips with ricotta cheese and tomato sauce. My only regret was that this time I did not order a meatball.  Should have taken an order of Meatballs and gravy to go for the next time I think about their food.
My husband and I split an order of Meatballs & Ravioli, and the Veal with Eggplant Parm. The meatballs were our favorite. Our waiter described how these are made by hand every morning, and the meatballs tasted like it. The red sauce was a perfect accompaniment, and the cheese filled ravioli tasted homemade. 

The Veal Parm was good, but not exceptional. I would stick with the meatballs on my next visit, or try something else.
My wife took me here for a wonderful birthday dinner! Great spot in the Italian market section of town. Feels authentic and homemade!

We got a nice little bread and butter basket in the beginning. 

We ordered the fried asparagus as an appetizer and then for our entrees we got the eggplant parm and the baked rigatoni. 

Can't state this enough, but the authentic feeling was there. The atmosphere was outstanding, almost as if you were eating in a cute little place in Italy! Service was phenomenal and drinks were priced well!

To top things off, the tiramisu was outstanding! 
A great experience, we will be back!
Just remember.. cash only!
Old school family style eatery with a jovial atmosphere and hearty portions, Villa Di Roma felt like such an authentic Philly experience. The bar was a friendly place to wait for our table and cool down with a beer after a walk in the humid evening. Once seated, we were attended to by a warm yet pleasantly no nonsense waitress. 
My linguine with seafood was tasty but over salted. What it lacked in subtlety, it more than made up for in portions. There was plenty to take home for another meal. My date was delighted with his ravioli with meatballs and couldn't wipe the marinara laced grin off his face.

All around us, large parties of families enjoyed meals together- and the tone was boisterous and loud. I wouldn't recommend this for a quiet, romantic dinner, but for a fun, family oriented night out, it hits the spot.
Excellent, authentic Italian food for a very reasonable price! This is honestly one of the most reasonably priced Italian places I've seen. The food is amazing. The only reason I gave a 4-star rating is because it was confusing, when walking in, where to find a host/hostess to get a table. There were a bunch of people around the bar area, but there wasn't a clear line or place to wait to be seated. We found out that everyone by the bar was waiting for a table and had put their name on a list. Once we got our name on the list, everything was great! Didn't even have to wait too long - even on a Saturday night at 6:30pm. Overall, a fantastic place and definitely worth going back to!
Frank De Roma jr is a true gentleman.
He didn't know me from Adam
He was so kind and nice he gladly gave me his recipe for muscles and red sauce. He took his time and wanted to make sure I could do it right. 
That was totally a selfless act and showed a lot of character
Every time I come back to Philly from Arizona I make sure to go to Villa De roma 
For a nice dinner out in south Philly
Their food is authentic, delicious, consistent and they make you feel like you're at their home when you're in the restaurant .
I highly recommend this establishment you'll have an awesome meal and a great time
Villa Di Roma is an outstanding, family run, home style Italian restaurant in the heart of Philadelphia's italic market area. The interior is classic and intimate, nice enough for date night but casual enough that you'll see plenty of people in t-shirts. All of the pasta dishes out amazing, and their meatballs are literally the best ever. I don't know what they put in their sauces, but they are fantastic. If you want some great family style Italian food, you've got to check this place out.
Not very friendly or accommodating. Will not substitute or add any sauces that are different than their menu. Not impressed. There are better Italian Restaurants.
This review is LONG overdue since we went there so long ago, but I just had to make sure everyone know this place is a true gem of authentic Italian food.

The wait staff is friendly, attentive, and they make you feel like you're eating at your best friend's Mom's place.

The pasta is excellent and cooked to perfection. The ziti was sinfully delicious. The asparagus was cooked exquisitely. Everything is fresh, served in large portions, and made with love -- you can tell!

If you're in Philly and want Italian, make the drive to Villa di Roma.
I was severely disappointed with VDR.
The gentleman working the bar was excellent but just about everyone else working was busy yelling at another staff member.

Getting seated took a while, which is fine, but once we'd ordered it took nearly an hour to get our food. Which is silly because everything we ordered really just needed to get tossed in an oven.

The bread the brought out was not worth eating, which is a big downer considering how many amazing bakeries are within a literal stone's throw.

We ordered three different dishes but they all tasted identical.
Noodles + red sauce + melted mozzarella.
There was no depth of flavor and everything seemed under seasoned.
Perhaps this is just Philly-style Italian and I'm just not in synch.

Being in the heart of the Italian Market I expected better and perhaps set myself up for disappointment.
Old school, South Phila Italian...

Waitresses are not real friendly, but the service is good.  Love the food!  Never had a bad meal. They have the best red sauce with their steamed clams!  Also love their Chicken Neapolitan (very rich!).

Parking may be a pain, but it is worth the trouble.
First time there and last time.  We went in during the Italian Market Festival.  First of all they get you with being cash only.  Who does cash only when their entrees are like $20?  They are like we have an atm.  Give me a break place is too cheap to accept credit it's the cost of being in business.  So the food is pricey as the portions were pretty small.  The food was alright...nothing to write home about.  My friend then came in to joing us and she wanted to order something and the waitress actually refused to serve her.  The waitress overall were pretty nasty and not nice.  I don't recommend this place at all.
A charming restaurant along the Italian market on 9th street, Villa di Roma has a genuine Italian feel - meaning you feel right at home the moment you walk through the door. The service was prompt for our part of 5 and the general atmosphere was welcoming. The other groups that were seated in this restaurant made it seem like this place was a place where families get together to be families.

The food here was portion very well and were priced about average for some great Italian. I ordered the quattrocini alfredo (spinach and pancetta in an alfredo sauce over fettuccine) and the homemade tiramisu. A major drawback of many alfredo sauces is that they either dilute the mixture with water (which can be seen at the end of your meal) or use a mix, which results in a grainy sauce. Here at Villa di Roma, neither was a factor; there was also the ideal amount of sauce in the dish - my fettuccine wasn't drowning nor was it gasping for my sauce.

The tiramisu definitely has that authentic Italian feel. Incredibly smooth with a hit of coffee and rum. The only issue I have (but everyone does this which is why I didn't mark down for this tiny gripe) is the way the tiramisu is prepared; many restaurants do exactly as Villa di Roma does - slice, top with cocoa powder, serve. The problem here is that a concentration of cocoa powder like this creates what I call the cinnamon effect - taking a bite or accidentally inhaling slightly causes you to cough because of the immediate drying out of your throat. Solution is to take much smaller bites around the concentration - which I will honestly say was difficult because of how delicious it was.
We live in the area and have been to all of the other Italian restaurants in this are.  We saw that it was 4 stars on yelp so decided to give it a chance.  We walk in and we are seated in the middle of the room next to tables of people speaking Italian or at least look like regulars.  I am Asian and my fiance is white.  Our waitress did not greet us nor did she spend time talking to us.  She also did not refill out water... another waitress did.  She was also helping and being friendly to all the tables next to us, going out of her way to help or provide better service.  For us, we ate..paid and then left.  As we were leaving, my fiance comments that he thinks we did not get as good of service because I am Asian and we are a mixed couple.  I also felt very out of place. 

The food also was not good.  The sauce tasted like it was from a can and could have easily been made at Olive Garden.

Do yourself a favor, go get better service and food at nearby restaurants such as Dante and Lugis, Cucina Forte, Burrata, Little Nonnas, Gorgio on Pine, Ralphs even...
Everyone has great reviews of this place, but unfortunately I found it to be a resounding "meh." Some out of town friends were visiting and insisted that their friends told them this was the place to go, so we went. Had a reservation, but didn't need it on a Sunday evening, because the place was pretty deserted.

I was torn between a pasta dish and the gnocchi, but the waitress was pretty firm on her recommendations for the gnocchi, so I went with that. I wish I hadn't. Gnocchi ought to be light and fluffy, but these were way too light. They barely kept their shape on the plate, and had broken off into tiny gnocchi bits. They just tasted like mush. Very bland, very undesirable texture. Just meh. 

I would not go back.
This place is fucking terrible! Worst meatballs I ever had. Bakes pasta had zero flavor. I have no clue why people say this place is so great???
We've been coming here for 35 years and have to get our fix of Chicken Sicilian every time. I'm only writing this review so out of towners will know to try it. For my husband, it's the first dish and only dish he consistently orders. Also a side of the sautéed escarole is a must.
After all the fuss about this place, I had dinner here with my husband who lived in Italy for 8 years. I had the Veal Parm and my husband had the traditional meatball over pasta. The food was like any other good Italian restaurant, nothing extraordinary besides the way they say tomato sauce "gravy"... who says that? I'm sorry but Villa Di Roma, needs to be better differentiated than just being featured on the Food Network.
Excellent!  What you want in a South Philly Italian restaurant!  The South Philly attitude is palatable becuase the food is so good.
You want to eat here at least once -- but you will be coming back often, I guarantee it --  so you can say you enjoyed the real thing: Italian comfort food in South Philadelphia.  From the pictures of Sylvester Stallone and the owner in his fighting day up on the wall, to the fact that nearly everyone who works here is related...
Yes, they only accept cash (they have an ATM now).  Yes, the staff can lapse into the vernacular at times (part of the ambiance).  But for southern Italian red sauce, broccoli rabe, spinach and/or escarole appetizers, veal scallopini, spaghetti with seafood, manicotti, ravioli, gnocchi, ... make sure to wash it all down with a nice glass of Chianti.
Did I mention, arguably the best mussels in Philly?  I prefer white.  Nice and lemony.
Classic deserts.  Make sure you check those out also.  In the heart of the Italian Market, but you can usually park on Carpenter, or Washington Ave. at the worst.
