I finally had a burger at Village Whiskey. 

It was delicious. It was super expensive. I may have to keep a piggy bank to save specifically for my next lunch there. Allow me to elaborate: 

Village Burger [served on a sesame bun with lettuce, tomato and homemade Russian dressing (on the side for me) and a pickle] - $11
add Jasper Hill cheddar - $3.5
add smoked bacon - $2.5
add pickled long hots - $3 
add about ten miles on the treadmill - (free, with membership)

My burger quickly amounted to a whopping twenty dollars, and that was before adding on an order of duck fat fries with Sly Fox cheddar sauce on the side, shared with my dining companion. The meal, naturally, was over-indulgent and delicious. 

Lunch at Village Whiskey is definitely a splurge, not a once-a-week occurrence. Service is top-notch all around, and you'll feel like a baller with an expense account for an hour or so. You may even rub elbows with the likes of Gary Matthews at the bar, as we did the day of our visit.

Pro tip: All the single ladies should head on over around lunch time during the work week. The male:female ratio is approximately 10:1.
+Pro:
I love the "Village Whiskey Burger" here: the meat is well seasoned, savory, and connected. I don't add any toppings to mine in order to avoid distracting the taste of a fresh beef patty. I find simple burgers enjoyable and a true test if they are worthy or not.

+Cons:
Only 3 burgers to choose from?? This was the most disappointing part. A Village Whiskey Burger is ($13), a veggie burger ($10), and their Whiskey King ($28). They are all very plain and if you want toppings (+$3-6), it can surmount to quite the expensive burger. 

+Fries: up to you! 
The duck fat fries were overrated in my opinion, but the short rib fries are worth a try. The meat was very tender and melted at the mouth. The cheese was very strong though, perhaps a little too salty for my preference but it is very filling (for two people).
Best.  Burger.  Ever.  I should just end my review there, but I won't.  If you tell me any other place has the best burger, I will assume one of two things: you either haven't been to VW or you're a liar.  The hype is real here!  It's a small place and unfortunately they do not do reservations and if there could be anything possibly wrong with this place that would be it.  Give yourself plenty of time if you plan on coming here as dnnertime can be an expected hour wait easily.  My suggestion would be to put your name in and find a nearby bar to grab a drink and wait.  

They don't have many different types of burgers here so if you want one of those pizza burgers or BBQ rodeo burger things, you won't find it here.  Now, they do have other items on the menu, but you'll only cheat yourself if you don't have the burger.  I got their regular Village Burger.  They do have some options for toppings you can add-- I went with the Haystack Mountain Chevre cheese which is a goat cheese.  I've gotten it twice and is the best cheese I've ever had on a burger.  I also got a fried egg on it and one thing I've learned about egg on a burger is it can make a good one great and a great one amazing.  As for the rest of it, the bun is a good choice; it doesn't break apart and goes perfectly with the juicy burger.  As if the burger isn't good enough, the fries might even be better.  They're made with duck fat, which might as well be tears of an angel.  The fries are seasoned, thicker cut, and left with some skin on and that all amounts to great fries.  

For as much as I love trying new places in the city, this is on the short list of places to keep coming back to.
The Whiskey Burger.

The Whiskey Burger.

I repeat, The Whiskey Burger.

The guys were raving about this place but I did not feel like walking 15mins from our hotel to go try this burger, but I'm glad I did because I would've walked a thousand miles (Vanessa Carlton voice) to taste this burger.  The way they cooked it o my, you could taste the smokey flavor, and then the bacon with the Foie Gras o yes yes yes...On my list of Top 3 burgers I've ever had and I've had a lot of gourmet burgers.  We also had the duck fat fries but they were horrible, way too greasy.  This burger is on the pricey side of $26 but I'm telling you it is well worth it!!!
This place is just awesome. Staff was incredibly friendly and the space, although diminutive, is perfectly arranged. 

I started with the Aviation cocktail (Gin, Crème De Violette, maraschino, lemon), then moved on to the Corpse Reviver (Gin, Lillet, orange curacao, raspberry, lemon, lavender), and managed to steal a sip of the De Rigueur (rye, Aperol, grapefruit, lemon, honey, mint). I had friend cocktail envy because I found hers (De Rigueur) to be the best of the three. You really can't go wrong with any cocktail here though. 

If it's whiskey you're after, or even another fine/rare spirit, VW will most likely have your potion. I can't speak to their weekend wait, but I'm sure getting a table might be hairy. A word to the wise, check them out on a week night. Besides, that's when Paul Rudd (swoooon), Jayson Werth, and Cole Hamels go. They sat outside and made it very difficult for me to concentrate on my cocktail or my friends.
I've hit up Village Whiskey twice in the past couple of months and it's still a great spot for a bite. Both visits were on Sundays, and we've been lucky to get seated right away both times even though the restaurant is small and seating is tight. 

On the first visit, three of us shared a bunch of plates: pickled cherry tomatoes, village burger, bbq pork sammy, and duck fat fries with Sly Fox cheddar sauce. Everything was delicious! I was also happy to see a couple solid non-alcoholic options as well; the lavender fields was a hit! 

Last Sunday, I tried the veggie burger and my sister had the bbq pork sammy. Again, we ordered the fries with cheddar sauce. I do think the cheddar sauce could have a bit more flavor, but the fries themselves are really great regardless.  

Honestly, Village Whiskey is a spot I didn't think about much because I always just assumed it would be too crowded. Now that I've found the sweet spot, it's becoming part of my weekend rotation!
Village Whiskey is small and intimate, with quintessential "Philadelphia bar" trappings like a tin ceiling and subway tiles. Big windows give it a much brighter feel than other such spaces, and the wall of whiskeys behind the bar is something to behold. Seating is at the bar or in tall, comfortable leather booths, and the Prohibition-esque soundtrack playing in the background adds to the atmosphere.

Whiskey! This place has lots and lots and lots of whiskey. They also have a good beer list and a bunch of the updated old-timey cocktails that I'm so happy to see popping up all over the place. Boyfriend and I opted for a fancypants version of a beer and a shot - Lagunitas Czech Pils and Sixpoints Righteous Rye, and Four Roses single batch for him and Rowan Creek (a smooth, vanilla-y bourbon) for me. 

Having visited on their second day open, I anticipated some of the usual new-restaurant service issues, but everything ran quite smoothly, and our waiter was gracious and quick to find answers for all our questions.The extensive whiskey list, many of which were unfamiliar (did I see a scotch called Inchmuffin?), led me to ask for guidance, and I appreciated that the waiter took my criteria to the bartender for a solid recommendation from someone who knows all the whiskeys, rather than guessing at something he hadn't tried. 

The menu is small and burger-heavy - the opposite of tapas. I needn't have worried, though, because it turns out that Jose Garces can do the whole upscale bar food thing just as well as Spanish small plates. For vegetarians, the house-made veggie burger is dense and hearty, with black beans and edamame, and I liked it with Jasper Hill cheddar that was good enough to eat off a plate at Tria. The fresh, airy sesame roll is a treat, too.

Although duck fat fries are on the menu, the server told me that they're happy to do fries in olive oil for veggies. I skirted the issue by ordering tater tots, which are really way too good to be called by the same name as the brown lumps in school cafeterias. These are fried just right, crispy and golden, warm and smooth inside, and seasoned perfectly. 

You can get all kinds of pickled things here - tomatoes, baby carrots - and the regular old cucumber pickles were fresh and fantastic. 

By this point I was feeling pretty done, but the dessert menu contained a phrase that stopped me in my tracks: BRULEED WHISKEY FLUFF. Ladies and gentlemen of Yelp, believe me, you want to eat bruleed whiskey fluff. It comes with homemade graham crackers and chocolate ganache to make a whiskey-fied smores, and man, it is awesome stuff.

I predict that Village Whiskey will be absolutely packed on the weekends from here on out; it's a great addition to the Garces empire on the best restaurant block in the city.
For as much as I rave about Village Whiskey, I can't believe I haven't written a review yet!  I seriously talk about this place all the time, as THE BEST BURGERS IN PHILADELPHIA. 

I know that's a bold statement. But seriously people, the burgers were featured on the Food Network's TV show of best burgers in AMERICA!  And they aren't lying. 

Sure, the bar is small, there's an hour wait, you can't fit in the door, yes, but that's because the food is so amazing people are willing to wait and squeeze inside for these burgers. If you don't know, google it! Look at photos! Its ridiculous.  Even the veggie burger, made of black beans with a heaping portion of guacamole on top is finger licking good.  And, oh, those duck fat fries.. sinful!

There is one special, very expensive, burger on the menu. People always talk about it because its like $25 or $30 bucks. Well, you need to splurge one day and try it, its seriously worth it because the foie gras is perfect on this.   

I'm not much of a whiskey drinker, but whiskey fans love the selection here. I usually order a beer, or gin or vodka. But they do know how to shake up a great cocktail.  Do yourself a favor, and don't say you've had the best burger until you try Village Whiskey.  And try the veggie burger!  Even if you're not vegetarian, its the best, most delicious, thickest patty of veggies you will ever eat on a bun.  5 stars!
Let's get one thing straight: like all of Jose Garces' establishments, Village Whiskey is not for the faint of wallet.  With that said, what you will get is an excellent cocktail that should make the hefty price tag worthwhile... if, you choose wisely. 

Example #1: Good Choice
I enjoyed an old fashioned that had somewhere in the neighborhood of 2.5 ounces of bourbon.  I was surprised at the lack of muddled orange and cherry garnish and when I questioned the bartender, he said that a true old fashioned is made with bitters, sugar and lemon only.  The muddled cherry and orange is actually a more modern take on the drink.  I always enjoy a little history lesson with my cocktail and I will certainly keep this knowledge in my back pocket for a later date.

Example #2: Not-So-Good Choice
For my second drink, I went with the bartender's suggestion and tried the corpse reviver 2.5.  This fancy pants drink was tasty for sure, but definitely not something I would invest in again when I could be sinking my teeth into a gigantic burger for three dollars less instead.  See what I mean about choosing wisely?

Next time, I will be more conscientious about my drink selection.  I will also be tearing up the dinner menu.  The burgers that surrounded me on this visit looked fantastic, and I loved the interesting selection of toppings that are available as add-ons.  Oh, and duck fat fries with short ribs and Sly Fox cheddar sauce?  Yes, please.  

Jose, you da man.
Listed below are the items that I have consumed at Village Whiskey, from least amazing to most amazing, done in the style of a horoscope.

Duck Fat Fries - You will find yourself too thick cut to appeal to some people today.  Beware, for your trust in your house made ketchup may not be able to salvage your texture.

Soft Pretzels - The stars are moving and you struggle to keep up.  Understand your place as a damn good serving of soft pretzels but don't try to steal the limelight from your compatriots.  Bide your time until improvements can be made before trying to tackle your enemies.

Herb Cherry Tomatoes - Approachability is a double edged sword.  Though people find you easy to approach, they may find you too delicious if that is even possible.  Stay away from people who will die if they find something very delicious because you will kill them.

Truffle Lemon Artichokes - You are less approachable than the Herb Cherry Tomatoes but everything else in its horoscope applies to you.

Tater Tots - You've finally achieved your goal of making people rethink what a tater tot should taste like.  Take the time to appreciate this but don't get caught up in self-admiration.  Apathy will breed contempt and you must move on to the next life challenge.

Spicy Popcorn Shrimp - You must move quickly because everyone will want a piece of you.  You are served with a delicious buffalo aoli that has made you a prime target for attack.  Keep your head down, lest you be ravaged by the horde.

Village Burger with Caramelized Onions and a fried Egg - You are served on an ideal sesame roll and are probably the best tasting burger in Philadelphia.  Take time out today to revel in your greatness, but remain humble.  Arrogance will breed strong competitors.

--
Seriously, Village Whiskey gets 5 stars based on the basic Village burger alone.  The only burger I've ever had that is better than this was at Burger Bar in Las Vegas.I will probably go back one day and splurge on the Whiskey King, an 8oz. burger with maple bourbon glazed cipollini, rogue bleu cheese, applewood bacon, and foie gras for $24.
IT'S OFFICIAL!  I can now truthfully say that I've dined at a Jose Garces restaurant.  My eye is on you next, Geoff Zakarian.  One by one, I will finally succeed at my goal of tasting all of the Iron Chefs (their food, that is...).

Anywho....

I was finally able to try out the famous Village Whiskey (a Rittenhouse Square institution, given how immensely popular it has become) on a Sunday for lunch.  I was told to be there close to opening, to avoid the multi-hour waits required to get in.  Even at 11:30am, the place was almost entirely full, but I managed to squeeze into one of the last remaining spots at the bar.  This small and narrow restaurant had that retro/prohibition vibe that's all the rage in the bar and restaurant scene these days.

Obviously, people come here for the whiskey.  And there's a LOT of whiskey.  Walls of it.  But I was still nursing the sins of the previous night, so I decided it would be all about the food that day.

Village Whiskey is fundamentally a burger place, so I ordered their house village burger.  It would be sacrilege *not* to cover it in decadent toppings, so I opted for their rogue bleu cheese and a fried egg.  And what an obscenely decadent burger this was.  Cooked to a perfect medium, it was absolute heaven to eat.  Not only was it massive, it slowly began to drip down my arms about a third of the way through.  If wearing your food is not the sign of a delicious meal, I don't know what is.  While the burger was outstanding, it was also quite pricey: $16 once all the toppings were added on.  This is definitely a special-occasion burger.

(As my burger arrived, the seats next to me turned over, and a couple of girls sat down.  They saw my burger and told the bartender that they'll have what I'm having, all When-Harry-Met-Sally-style.  This gave me the warm fuzzies all over.)

Because I'm just that much of a glutton, I also had a side of their celebrated duck fat fries.  Truthfully, I wasn't a huge fan of these.  Most were burnt and ashy.  I only ate about half of them before giving up.  C'est la vie.

The bartender was a doll.  Given my absence of dining companionship, I think that he took pity on my solo diner self and made sure that I was perfectly cared for.  (This may be the single biggest perk to dining solo.)

Gourmet burgers may be a dime a dozen nowadays, but few are as outstanding as Village Whiskey's incarnation.  Next time, I have to try their cocktails... and their tots... and their deviled eggs.  Hmm... I guess there will have to be several next times.  :)
Nothing like setting the night off proper. In the adult sense of course. A few of us got together for a nice cultural evening at the opera and decided to do dinner beforehand. We decided on Village Whiskey as we are all seasoned whiskey sippers. I've heard the restaurant was good but man... Now, I won't call it a proper restaurant, nor will I call it a pub, but I will call it a great idea that has been executed with style, class, and gusto. It's a small spot a little wider than a narrow bar with some booths and some tables. Simple, clean, and it has elements of both new and old... But enough about that... On to the food.

When looking at the menu you almost think to yourself, hrmmm, this is a small menu. And you're right it is small. But the food isn't really the point, the whiskey is. Anyway, this small menu packs a pretty big punch. Since there were 4 of us we ordered a few things and shared. We had the deviled eggs, which would've made your Mennonite grandmother proud, the tater tots which were crunchy on the outside and buttery smooth on the inside, pickled artichokes with some toasted bread and the fried cheese puffs which hot damn... I want a platter next time. We all dug right in and were immediately impressed. The prices on these apps were incredible too. $3 each for most of these at a Garces restaurant??!? What!?! Sweet!

The whiskey. The menu was HUGE! Our server was knowledgeable and if we had questions about a particular whiskey she was happy to give a brief synopsis. The specialty drink menu was also a force to be reckoned with. I had an "Old Fashioned" that would have made my father proud. My buddy Mike had the APA which consists of a few awesome ingredients like hops infused vodka and egg whites. Sounds strange but tastes amazing. 

The main course - Because whiskey isn't dinner. I had the Village Burger. I am going to go ahead and rank this burger up there with some of the best burgers in the city. I ordered it medium and it came medium. Check! I topped it with bacon, gruyere cheese, and caramelized onions. The flavor of the fresh grass fed beef was incredible. My wife had the pulled pork and that too was incredible. The pork was nice and tender, juicy, and flavor packed. We split a side of the duck fat fries with the cheese sauce too. These fries are to die for.

In the end we left fat and happy. The awesome whiskey list had us buzzing and the great eats left us jolly. We waddled our way over to the opera and had a great night. 

Village whiskey gets the win.
I have to admit to being a bit of a Jose Garces groupie--I've been pretty impressed with everything he's done in Philly so far, and Village Whiskey is no exception. 

A small, often over-crowded space with excessively long waits for tables on weekends, and even weeknights, Village Whiskey is an upscale hole in the wall offering upscale bar food, at upscale prices. The eponymous options on the menu are only a fraction of what makes this spot great (I've only ordered a whiskey once).  To me, the cocktails are what stand out the most. They whip up a good cocktail no matter what you order, but the options on the menu are all outstanding. I always end up going for the Commodore, a variation on an Old Fashioned with a bit of lime and a mezcal rinse, taking the otherwise comforting flavors of an Old Fashioned into a brighter, more citrusy and refreshing direction. 

The fries. The fries. They're fried in duck fat. Enough said. The burgers, while a little on the pricy side, are juicy and literally melt in your mouth. I really can't say anything bad about the quality of the food or drinks here. The only dings against this place are the prices, which may be a few bucks too high on certain items, and the crowd in such a small space. 

Village Whiskey is a great place to kick off your night with a killer cocktail, or an unusual whiskey or two, and serves as a great aperitif for a meal at Tinto next door, another of Garces' great spots, and it even holds its own as a full-blown dinner spot. Versatile, tasty, and hip, Village Whiskey is a great place to waste away the day or night.
If you are into burgers, cool original mixed drinks, and bourbon, then Village Whiskey is nirvana.  I got here a little early on Friday night to avoid the rush (they don't take reservations) and was seated within five minutes.

The indoor part is small...perhaps six tables and a bar that seats around 12.  I should probably state right off the bat that most of the menu is unhealthy, with the possible exception of the numerous bourbon selections that will help dissolve the fatty deposits that would otherwise accumulate on your arterial walls.  The beet presentation was delicious, served in a small mason jar with sliced bread and tapenade.  I also had a couple mixed drinks, one of which was a Negroni knock-off prepared with mango and vodka.  A nice twist on my favorite concoction.

But if you are to dine at VW, you are there for a burger.  If I am going to evaluate a burger, I avoid tempting distractions like foie gras (available for some major extra coin) and instead stick with tomato, lettuce, onion, pickle, ketchup, and mustard.  Only then can a burger be properly evaluated; if it passes this muster, or mustard as the case may be, then subsequent visits will demand more extravagant toppings.  

The Village burger was a triumph, a legit half pound of good 'ol American myocardial infarction inducing ground beef, cooked to perfection (in my case medium) with fresh ingredients on a gourmet roll.  The red onion was so potent that any hope of romance for later during the night was quashed, but it was worth it.  I think.  Hey, it didn't bother my dog, and perhaps for the first time I was able to meet my canine companion on equal, stinky-breath terms...me, onion, her...mackerel.
There are very few places that do every element of what they are meant to do just right.  Not over the top, or less then expected, but just right.  

This was my second time coming here, and having enjoyed it so much the first time and bragged about it to my wife, she decided to bring me back here for my Birthday.

It was a cold winters evening in Philly, as people walked the sidewalks downtown, trying to shield themselves from the wind bustling through the streets, the smells of food whisked through the air, every corner, a different aroma, some sweet and some savory. 

On the corner of 20th  and Sansom stood Village Whiskey.  We bustled ourselves into their 4x4 greeting area, where there stood about 6/7 people.  "table for 2 please" we asked.  The host informed us it would be a 1.5 to 2 hour wait.  Nooooo! Not on m birthday, not when they dont take reservations! " Well if its just the two of you, there is two spots that just opened at the bar," said the hostess, all smiles!

Within 5 minutes off the street, we were seated enjoying Yards Ale (cask conditioned) and a margarita.  We ordered the duck fat fries and some pickles for apps.  Both were great!  Did I mention that the Yards Ale was so smooth, even my beer hating wife said she could drink a glass.  She got the Village burger.  I got the "Enter the Dragon" burger which was the burger of the month.  her Village burger was standard, she added fried onions.  She loved it.  my burger was spectacular.  Great meat burger, a thick slice of pork belly, fried shitake mushrooms, edemame pure'.  They got me! best burger I have had in a while.

Our night was great, friendly staff and great food and drinks and we didnt even try the whiskey, oh well, we will be back for sure!  Hats off to you Chef Garces!
did you get the memo that this place is small? (but not THAT tiny)
after a horrnedous experience at garces' restaurant mercat in chicago, i really was looking forward to that redemption at village whiskey.  a friend had hyped up the whiskey king so much we just had to give it a go.

friday dinner, 9:00pm, 2 friends

the hostess told us about an hour but we got a call back in 30 minutes, thank goodness.

whiskey king -  when our burger came out, the chick next to me points her dirty ass finger at the foie gras and asks "WHAT is that? like WHAT is it?"  did this chick live in a hole? please yelp before you try and that was just VERY rude.  besides the extremely rude, uncultured diner next to me, the burger was a joyful experience.  i think eating half and sharing another dish is the perfect strategy.  my favorite part of the burger was the cipollini onion, it was sweet but still slighty tangy.  the great thing about the burger was that you can taste every layer of each flavor and component.  my dining companion claims that it's his favorite burger but i cant make that statement because i personally dont like liver.. and even though the foie gras was tasty on the burger, i just didnt LOVE it. 

pull pork - we shared this dish as well and the BEST part of this sandwich were the fried pickles.  i hate pickles, but something about those pickles, but then again, what anything fried doesnt taste good?  another solid dish, but definitely not waiting an hour to try it.
    
duck fat fries and sly fox cheddar - both delicious, but too pricey for the amount.

service - it was fine.. nothing spectacular nor outrageous.

thank you for restoring my faith in you jose garces...

would i go back - only if the wait was less than 30 minutes...
After more than 1000 Reviews, there is really no much for me to add!!
I'll simply share some of my observations: 
- Tiny seating area, yet HUGE plates.
- Nice warm welcoming atmosphere. 
- Brunch item Short Rib Skillet: came out warm, so delicious and succulent braised short ribs. 
- Every desirable food and drink item was two digits $$.
- Outstanding service and food.
- Chef Jose Garces, a big thumbs up!

I promise I'll be back for the famous Village Whiskey burger!

Three and half Yelps!
It was about two bites into my Village Burger, with a blend of cheddar, ketchup, burger juices and egg running down my hands (and a significant portion of my chin), that I looked over at my sister and answered the question she'd posed earlier:

"No, I don't think I'd come here on a first date."

See, I don't do burgers terribly often. So many folks just don't get it right. The meat's overworked, the patty to bun ratio is off-kilter, the toppings feel like an afterthought. But, on those rare occasions that I hear from multiple individuals (friends, family, and strangers alike) that Village Whiskey offers "The best burger of their lives".... well, when in Rome. A Monday evening with the little sister in town, we were still told there was a 30-45 minute wait. Then, we realized the bar had about 6 seats just waiting and, as it was full service, we promptly snagged our stools. 

No time for appetizers, and missy was not of age to partake in spirits, we were mostly just eyes on the prize. Meat. And lots of it. We each ordered a Village Burger with cheddar and, while she opted for the smoked bacon, I followed the wise words of Mike B. and "put an egg on it." We split some of those duck fat fries and, since Drake's explained to all of us that you only live once, splurged with the Sly Fox cheese sauce. Neither of us were disappointed.

The wait was not long, the lighting warm and inviting, and the bartenders friendly (though, perhaps since we were only ordering sodas, nothing exceptional. I'm sure if we were in the market for some whiskey, that might be different). Upon the arrival of our burgers, we momentarily marveled at the height of the patties, wondering how on earth we would smash them down to a palatable size. Choosing the rip-and-chomp method, we divided and conquered our burgers, piece by glorious, meaty piece. Each topping was exceptionally done, from the Boston Bibb lettuce to the ripe, juicy tomato. Really, juicy is the word that comes to mind for this entire meal. It's the kind of meal that makes you wish your napkin came with two other napkins, the kind of juicy that results in finger-licking and bun-dipping. Unfortunately, unlike some reviewers, my egg wasn't particularly runny, but I'm sure that could be resolved with a simple request, and honestly.... I don't know if I needed much more dripping down my hands.

For the two of us, including two sodas, the bill ran a cool $50, but I firmly believe it was worth it for an indulgent evening with the baby sister. Would recommend adamantly to all burger babes and bros looking for a meaty meal.
First off, this place is small. Like, teeny tiny. Even at 9 pm on a weekday night, there will be a wait for a table. In a Friday night, you're looking at about an hour and a half wait for two people. But rest assured, your patience will be rewarded. 

Chad has declared Village Whiskey's duck fat fries the best he's ever had, which is a big deal since french fries are his favorite food so he orders them everywhere. 

Indeed, they are wonderful, so much so that ketchup seems like an insult. Since my first visit, the fries themselves have been scaled down in size. The portion is still the same, and they're still relatively thick cut, but the fries are no longer reminiscent of The Flintstones. I think this has has ultimately improved them, they seem crisper and less starchy. The cheese sauce is great, if you're in the mood for it, but, again, these fries don't need anything.

The burger has remained consistently amazing and perfectly cooked. This seriously might be my favorite burger in Philly. The fat to meat ratio is perfect, as is the bread to patty ratio. Yes, I consider these things. The bun was an obviously fresh brioche, topped with sesame, I need to figure out how to make these at home. But the dressing is what takes it from excellent to incredible- it is a type of thousand island with a hint of smokiness. Seriously, I wanted to order some to dip my perfect-on-their-own fries in. And it comes with a pickle, which also tasted a bit different, in a good way, from the last time I was here. The burger starts at $9 and the price goes up as you add toppings, so it ends up about what a gastropub would charge for an inferior product. Although, the cheddar seems a bit overpriced at $3.

For drinks, Chad stuck with Ommegang. They do have a good beer list here which had pretty much every major variety you could desire covered. I stuck with the mixed stuff, the Ginger Rogers was the highlight. Not too sweet, not too floral, not overwhelmingly gingery. It was perfectly balanced and far more potent than it tasted. Still, booze is never cheap at a Garces establishment, that seems to be where he gets you.

The only weakness I've encountered is the desserts. Why even put something with strawberries on a winter menu? Then again, I probably wouldn't try very hard if I opened a restaurant up across the street from a Capogiro either...

I'll definitely be back to try more items from the menu and the bar.
We arrived just before Happy Hour (5 pm) officially starts and what an amazing evening of food, drinks and stellar service we experienced.

We began with expertly mixed drinks, tasty devilled eggs and always terrific pickled beets. Service from Katelyn was just perfect, but what really stood out was when Candace presented us with those delightful pickled beets, served in a mason jar on a beautiful wood platter accompanied by delectable whipped ricotta and olive tapanade.

We also sank our teeth into a well cooked yet juicy burger on a potato roll with cheddar, lettuce, tomato and house made dressing.  Recalled that backyard barbecue from childhood.

I am not a burger person, but Village Whiskey after 10 years, is still nailing it.

We love you, Candace!!!! Clearly, after 21 years in the biz, you KNOW what you're doing.  Brava!!!
"Village Overrated"

Maybe if you hadn't been hyped as Philly's best burger.

Maybe if my burger had been served piping hot, instead of barely above heatlamp warm.

Maybe if the meat tasted in any way fresh or special.

Or maybe if my plate wasn't flooded with jus, such that there was no dry spot on the plate to set the burger down.

Maybe if this burger hadn't cost $20.

Or maybe if I had been treated with any warmth or interest by my waiter.

Perhaps if my waiter would have bothered to ask what brand of alcohol I wanted in my drink.

Or maybe when asked what the choices were, he could have done any better than, "Well, what would you like?" 

Maybe if it would have taken less than 15 minutes and a reminder for my drink to arrive. 

Or perhaps if the bartender wasn't as motionless as an old storekeeper photo, all faraway eyes. 

Maybe if the drink itself hadn't been priced at $13.50 and served in a thumbelina tumbler glass.

Maybe if you weren't so famous for your duck fat fries. They weren't terrible, but they absolutely were not delicious by any urban standard anywhere. I wouldn't even call them good.

Maybe if the pickle spear wasn't so flagrantly gross. 

Maybe if my lunch had been delicious, and not just (with tip) about $50 without being impressive or delicious.

And perhaps if the waiter had taken an iota of interest other than when handing me the check, at which point he showed a pulse.

Maybe I'll have spared you a meal and service as lackluster and unspecial as mine. In which case, my work is done.

Want a rockstar burger in a cozy, welcoming environment? Go immediately to Catahoula in Queen Village. There's no wait, service is tight, and the burgers are amazing.
A very cozy, hip little bar, just off Rittenhouse Sq. Exceptional cocktails (did not try the food), but the bartenders are pretty stoic, and service was a bit slow. Fine if you're going here with friends or a date, but not the place I'd want to hang out in solo. The interior is quite small and narrow, so the space fills up very quickly and the standing options are quite cramped.
Ah, village whiskey I heard and expected great things but I was pretty disappointed.

Summary: Small restaurant with an expensive atmosphere. Expensive prices, small portions, and very mediocre food. Unfortunately did not impress me. 

I came here for a double date on Sunday at 5 with no reservations, luckily we only had to wait 10 minutes. The place is VERY tiny, so definitely recommend getting a reservation cause it fills up fast. We got two beers and two cocktails, service was fast at the bar. Cocktails run around $12 and beers $6 so typical $$ prices. Then we were seated at our table which was a high top booth with two small tables. The menu is quite small and not much to choose from.

Appetizers: 
Duck fat fries $7: the dipping sauce was good but the fries weren't very different. They just tasted like skinny steak fries that are a bit more oily than usual but a more expensive...smooth kind of oil...if that makes sense LOL. But you kind of HAVE to get it because their burgers don't come with fries. 

Fried shrimp $7: the portion was kind of small, better for two people to share. I wasn't impressed by this either, tastes like something I could've gotten from a chain restaurant. 

Pickles Truffled Cauliflower $8 : this was probably my favorite thing here. The pickles were very good and presented in such an aesthetically pleasing way. I love sourdough bread so im a little biased. They give very little bread so we asked for an extra round of bread.

Entrees: The "Frenchie," Two Village burgers, and a "Kentucky hot brown." Biggest complaint about entrees was that none of the burgers were HOT, all were just lukewarm. I like my food very hot so I know it just flew off the oven into my hands.

Village burger $13: very plain burger. Lettuce, tomato and salad dressing. Nothing too impressive. Once again, could've been a chain restaurant burger. My friend added avocado to hers and still mediocre.

The Frenchie $22: apparently the burger that won Philadelphia's best burger award. $22 with no sides...not worth it at all. It was good but like $15 with fries good, not $22 alone. Once again, not impressive, and the mix of ingredients made it better than the plain village burger.

Kentucky Hot Brown $12: I always have to be the one that tries something different and over and over again I hate myself for it. I did not finish my plate, not even like a half of it. This was basically breakfast DRENCHED in sauce to the point where you don't know what you're eating. There was a whole lot of turkey, but the turkey reminded me of cold cut meats you buy from Oscar Mayer at the market. The bacon was also drowned in sauce. This was so disappointing. 

Dessert- Baked Alaska $7: Pretty heavy portion. The dessert comes over on fire so it looks gorgeous but be warned, the meringue top is torched on fire with some kind of whiskey and the burnt taste of whiskey against the sweet meringue was disgusting. The description did not warn me of this. Once we shaved off all the cream, the chocolate cake with vanilla and coffee ice cream was very good, super creamy!

Overall, I was pretty disappointed during and after my visit. I wouldn't come back.
I'm a sucker for bourbon. I'm also a sucker for stylish, cozy restaurants with subway tile walls, cushy booths, and antique light fixtures. And did I mention the beautiful bar entirely filled with whiskeys? And the prohibition and repeal style drinks? And the really helpful bartender? 

Yes, it is busy. Really busy. The only time I've managed to score a table for 4 is when I literally showed up as they opened the door. Last night I dropped in with a friend around 8pm on a Sat. night. Bumping. But I took the bar seat (first come, first serve) next to a single lady, and as soon as she left my buddy grabbed the seat. My only (small) complaint is the ONE vegetarian option for main courses - it's an upscale whiskey joint with burger menu. But since the menu is so short, and so well executed, I can't complain much. Things I love:
deviled eggs...cheese puffs...pickle menu (god the artichoke hearts)..tater tots...the pickled cabbage on the black bean and lentil veggie burger. 

And did I mention the whiskey? Go for the de rigeuer, the top notch old fashioned, and an ounce of the Old Bardstown Black Label.
The hunt for the greatest burger ever (or just simply a delicious burger) is always active when my bf and I travel. Village whiskey has a pretty hefty reputation surrounding their burgers. We made it a point to get to Village Whiskey to try their burger on my most recent Philly trip. When we arrived we found quite the wait--1 hour and 15 to 30 minutes. When you take a peek inside, it is easy to understand the wait. The restaurant consists only of a narrow walkway with a bar on the right and tables on the left. But we were in for the long haul. At least they offer to text you when your table is ready so you don't have to be tethered to the front door. 

Fast forward to the next hour and we were seated. The tables are all high top. The whole restaurant is pretty dim (trust me, it makes taking pictures of food difficult.. then your flash goes off and everyone turns to stare at the Asians taking pictures of food--caught!) 

We decided to share the whiskey king burger because honestly at a $26 price point, I wasn't feeling the splurge to get two. The whiskey king patty is maple glazed and comes topped with bleu cheese, bacon and foie gras. We added an egg. For a side we had the duck fat fries. Everything sounded good when you read it off the menu, but when it came out to the table, it was underwhelming. There is a certain art to the burger where those who have success are able to highlight specific flavors of the patty and toppings and those who fail lose the flavors into a messy beef mush. Unfortunately, the whiskey king bordered this line too closely. I wouldn't say it is a bad burger, however, it is definitely not worth your $26. The duck fat fries were a little too well done and they either need to change their frying oil or use a few less minutes in the fryer. The fries were a disappointment and I feel like I missed the boat on the 'duck fat' part. 

Now, their bar intrigued me because I like whiskey bars. I think they produce tasty but stiff cocktails. I chose the Pimms cup which has lemon, ginger, and cucumber in it. It sounded refreshing and it was. They also serve whiskey flights and have a decent beer selection. 

The service was spotty at best. We initially forgot to add an egg to the burger. We were trying to flag down our waiter, but eventually gave up on finding him and flagged the next person to walk by. 

If I were to come back, it would actually be for the bar rather than the food. When it comes to the burger, it might be better to go the Village burger route and save yourself from the disappointment of the Whiskey King.
I was only in town for 6 days, but ended up at this place 2 nights in a row, so naturally I am giving 2 thumbs up to Village Whiskey. The decor was well thought out and reminded me of classy speakeasies in NYC. 

I had a serious whiskey drinker in tow, so we ended up trying many of the well known whiskey spots here in Philly. But, we especially liked this location for many reasons. 

The first night we came in here, it was around 9pm. All the tables were filled up, but we were able to find two seats near the back of the restaurant. This place caters to a mature, relaxed crowd. You will not find loud music or diners here, so that means you can actually have a good conversation going while sipping on excellent drinks. 

We weren't extremely hungry, so we decided on drinks first. My companion tried the Elijah Craig 12-year and also the Jefferson small batch whiskey. Nothing but rave reviews from the experienced whiskey drinker. 

I stuck to cocktails and the first one I tried was Close of the Day, this cocktail was just OK for me and I don't remember much of it. However, the second cocktail I had was The Poor Richard, and it was a very well made drink. The rum and rye blended so nicely, it was just beautiful to drink this cocktail (I ended up coming back here a second night and ordered the same drink). 

And since we were drinking responsibly, we didn't want to get too sloppy so we ended up ordering a few appetizers, including the fried pickles and crawfish hush puppies. The hush puppies were excellent, and the crawfish reinvented this classic side dish. I highly recommend this appetizer to pair with drinking.

This is a great date spot and you will be happy to have taken that special someone here. Noise volume is good in here, and you won't find drunk people dancing on the bar. This place is classy and sexy. Just right up my alley, ahem.
First time in Philly and after debating whether to eat at Devon's or Rouge, we decided to take the underdog, aka Whiskey Village, and Boy are we glad we did.
Starters: 
The deviled eggs were just as good as the ones Mom makes for thanksgiving. wonderful presentation too. I actually didn't want to sip my water for fear of losing the taste in my mouth.
The fried pickles were delicious and crispy. not soggy at all. perfectly done.
Mains: 
The village burger was PERFECT. Juicy, thick, good temp. just Perfect. It's so hard to find a burger like this in New York.
The Pork Sammy was just as fine quality as your "Dino BBQ" or your Nyc BBQ scene. Fresh and we'll flavored pork that wasn't the least bit dry at all. Very well done.
Sides:
Duck fat fries with cheese sauce.......    YAAAAAAAAAAAAS!!!!!
Dessert:
Vanilla Bourbon shake had the perfect thickness to it, but you can still taste the Makers. Simply wonderful.
Alcohol:
The punch was as good as it sounded. No one flavor surpassed the other. a perfect balance.
The commodore had a nice kick with a citrusy flavor. Goes  hand on hand with the shake.
The overall selection of booze is as wide as the the bar itself. More whiskey choices than we've seen in a long time.
Staff: Kenny and Valerie were knowledgeable and attentive. Always checking on us and always there to service plates or answer questions. Fantastic bartenders on a busy Friday night.
Overall: Will come back again. If you're visiting The city of brotherly love, you CANNOT skip this little piece of wonderment. Excellent job Whiskey Village. Keep it up. We'll be back to check on you.
Alright Jose, we get it. You know how to make food good enough to go to war over. The Whiskey King is so flawlessly perfect, I'm beginning to think it is just another urban legend, even though I've experienced it first hand. Something about the way the applewood bacon, bleu cheese, and foie gras superbly complement the juicy, medium rare burger just seems a little bit Inception-esque to me. Just sayin'. 

For those of us who don't get off on the idea of blowing 26 bucks on an 8 oz burger, the Village Burger is also excellent, and the marginal cost to marginal utility ratio makes it totally worth it. Be careful though, the additions are certainly tempting, and before you know it, your total can be up on the same level as the King. (No matter what you do though, get the fried egg on top. It's kind of a necessity.)

There is only one possible suggestion I have that could make Village Whiskey any better, and I really hope you're paying attention, Jose. Please walk a few blocks down to 9th and Winter in Chinatown. Nonchalantly enter Sang Kee Peking Duck House. Act aloof, and snatch a headless roast duck from the window. Vigorously wring the duck out (or compress it in a vice) over a large pot. Use THIS to cook your duck fat fries.

Thanks for listening. I'll expect this change shortly.
Having always been more of a Whopper, Jr / double cheeseburger kinda gal, I ventured into Village Whiskey to see what the fuss was about. I had had a good burger here and there (25 Degrees in LA, PYT recently), but it wasn't really a food I would actively pursue, like I would good sushi or steak. Garces had only failed me once so far (see my Chifa review), so I was fairly optimistic.

We went all out with the Whiskey King - 8oz burger, maple bourbon glazed cipollini onions, rogue bleu cheese, applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and a big fat piece of seared foie gras to top it off. I was a little wary of all the components - I'm usually good with lettuce, tomato, and onion, if that. But this was REALLY good. It was a mess to eat, but not a mess in my mouth as I had expected. The burger was juicy and cooked to a perfect medium rare, the intensity of the bacon and bleu cheese was tempered by the sweet onions, and the foie added just the right amount of richness. The lettuce and tomato was refreshing, although a bit lost towards the end.

The duck fat fries I wasn't too impressed with. I may just be partial to the thinner cut fries, or spoiled from the ones at PYT I'd just had. I was also a little disappointed that they didn't come with some sort of yummy sauce creation, as I'm not a big fan of ketchup.

We also ordered oysters - super fresh and tasty.

The meal is sort of an investment, so be prepared to shell out a bit. But the ROI is great. I'd come back again for sure.
Wonderful.  Quaint.  Delicious.  The wait was long (1 hour) but well worth it.  They don't take reservations so my girlfriend and I got lucky that the surrounding area had plenty to offer in terms of shop-lined streets and a nearby park to explore.

For drinks, she got the Fentiman's Old Style Ginger Beer ($3) and I got the Founder's Backwoods Bastard ($8) which was apparently aged in a bourbon barrel and had the aftertaste of vanilla notes to prove it.  Simply beautiful.

For starters, we got the Truffle Lemon Artichokes ($10) which came with toasted pieces of sourdough and olives.  It was pickled perfectly.  Moving on, the gf got the BBQ Pork Sammy ($12) and I got the Village Burger ($9) with caramelized onions ($1) and Rogue Smokey Bleu cheese ($3).  Both were amazing.  The pork was fine and juicy.  The burger was cooked medium but erred on the side of rare and masterful.  Each bite was like the grill master doing artwork in my mouf.  We also got the Duck Fat French Fries with the Sly Fox-Cheddar Sauce ($2) which was tremendous.  I'm from NYC and I know this place would more than hold its own in the city of less than brotherly foodies.

Next time I come, I need to try the Whiskey King burger ($24) and grab a ounce or so of whiskey.  This place is eating out done right sans the wait.  They only have six tables for two to three people each which hurts their bottom line for sure.  The bar tends to have a decent turnover and I hear they have outdoor seating in the warmer months so that should help but unless they do something about the indoor table seating, the fifth star will be elusive.
Jose Garces will you marry me? Can you imagine our wedding? The food would be phenomenal.

I'd have waiters serving the deviled eggs. I love the deviled eggs at jones, but these take the cake. I couldn't even tell you what was in that lovely yolk mixture. They were heavenly. Oishikatta

I love a good pretzel. So we ordered those. The mustard had a kick. Similar to wasabi. The mustard along with all the house condiments are made in house. Its divine. However, I'd skip the pretzels next time.

The fries come out in a mint julep cup which is just adorable. They actually have a slightly sweet taste. Almost like the duck fat brings out the true potato flavor. The ketchup tasted like tomato sauce...they need to ooomph that up a little before LaBan gets in there.

The burgers were awesome. I also felt 8 bucks for a burger was quite fair. Its a huge thick burger which next time I'm getting cooked medium rather than medium well. Juicy oh so juicy. The bun which I normally do not eat was scrumptious, made in house as well. 

We were stuffed and passed up dessert. However we are going back soon and having some pickles, tater tots, cheese puffs and smores

p.s. pass up the cream soda...one passed me and it looked meh

kisses for jose
Andrea and I have been plotting to check out village whiskey since we knew it was coming, and tonight we made it in.  Its a long narrow room with not a ton of tables.  At first glance it seemed like it would be a little claustrophobic but once seated we were good.  The bar had some good people watching with a real mix of ages and backgrounds.  
We started with a Philadelphia fish house punch--very sweet and tasty but HIGHLY alcoholic.  Since I am a light weight one was all it took to get me pleasantly and happily buzzed.  There were tons and tons of beers and whiskies, as well as some very interesting cocktails that I want to get back to try sometime (particularly the aviation with creme de violette) but I'm pretty sure that 1 drink is all I can handle.
We ordered some small bites first: deviled eggs and house made philly pretzels.  I was very pleased that both the deviled eggs and the house made mustard had an actual kick.  Too often, spicy things at restaurants aren't spicy at all, so that was a good change.  The eggs were excellent, and we'd definitely order again.  Pretzels were good but not VERY good, and I'm not sure I would get them again.  I'm looking forward to trying the cheese puffs next time.
We skipped the house pickles, but looking at other people's tables they looked interesting.
We both got burgers and shared an order of the fries.  Fries and burgers were both very very good.  House made ketchup was a little bland and could use some more vinegar.
We were both too full for dessert but I am definitely going back for the house made s'mores.
Service was a little spacey.  Not bad or unfriendly, but sort of intermittently slow.  Overall I really liked it and will definitely go back!
I got to stop in and try this place.  It's conveniently on the same block as the Adrienne Theater, so I suggested a quick bite here before the Fringe show I was about to see.   It's a great location for lots of reasons, really.

Right to the food, that's what it's about for me.  I decided to stick to the traditional burger since it was within my recent budget.  I learned that it only comes with tomato and lettuce so I added caramelized onions and thought, what the hell, and ordered the duck fat fries.  My date had the BBQ quial with suckatash and fritter.  I was full and content, he was still a bit hungry.  The burger, though I ordered it medium, came out closer to well done but it still had lots of flavor and the meat was really good.  The fries, which I would've skipped if not drawn by the "duck fat" idea, were way worth the $5.  I tasted that fat and it was rich, it was rewarding.  
I tasted the quail  and it was super tasty and even the veggies tasted good, go figure.  Over all the food was good, though a bit on the salty side.  I suppose that's good for a bar, eh?  I definitely want to try this place again, preferably when I can order that Whisky King Burger for $24 without my wallet wincing.
Village Whiskey is one of those places I should have visited years ago, but somehow didn't. One of the Garces greats, if it's also good enough for Marc Vetri to dine at, its good enough for me. You have to give me so much credit for not fan girling when my visit overlapped with Mr. Vetri's visit. 

Visit number one in January was for brunch. I love a traditional egg-oriented brunch, but their cobb salad intrigued me. Paired with the crab bisque, I didn't miss the omelet at all. The crab bisque was rich with large pieces of crab. The salad was just large, with large pieces of everything: romaine, avocado, bacon blackened chicken and bleu cheese. I even had leftovers. 

During my second visit in January, I was finally able to try the Whiskey King. This legendary 8 ounce burger consists of maple bourbon glazed cipollini, rogue bleu cheese, Applewood bacon and foie gras. If I thought the salad was big, that's before I had the burger. I feel I needed more than a napkin to keep me clean while trying to eat this thing. I ended up cutting it in half, which caused it to fall apart a bit. Which was unfortunate. Everything was top notch quality, but it was almost too much of a king to enjoy. Maybe the trick is taking it to go and eating it in private. I wish I was able to enjoy all the fixings together, so that did ruin the experience a bit. I've heard all the hype of this burger for so long, but I can't put it on the top of my list. 

Village Whisky isn't a huge spot. During visit one, we sat at the bar because there weren't any tables available. During visit two, way too many people crowded into a booth with tables pushed together. 

Don't get me wrong, I'd got back in a heartbeat, but there were a few too many things keeping it from being a new favorite and a 5-star view.
came for brunch and was very happy! burgers were great, service was even better (everyone who stopped by the table was super friendly and helpful), great cocktail menu and huge selection of whiskey and whisky. highly recommended for brunch and I'm sure the other menus would be just as good!
Because Philadelphia is a food town...

You know you are living in a foodie town when you have a Garces restaurant serving foie gras burgers for lunch. The food really speaks for itself; I don't have to dress up an already good thing. The burgers are really top notch in quality and preparation, but the Kentucky Hot Brown was the standout for me. The presentation is creative (I won't spoil it for you), and the Mornay sauce, with which it is served, reminds us why the French have been at the top of the heap for as long as they have. 

The actual space is hip, in a very 1920's sort of way. Cigar booths, marble, and a very well stocked bar make it a fun place to take a date. The staff if very attentive, and knowledgable about the menu.

The only drawbacks are the parking, and the fact that the tables are very close to each other. Conversations are tough to keep private with the next seating less than 5 feet away from you. 

All in all, it's definitely worth going. One can access some really top flight 'chefery' for 2star prices. No brainer.
So this place was well rated and reviewed so I had some high expectations. And it was good, but not great. The menu is decent, something for most, and the ambiance is what you would hope for. The service is slow at best, but if thats not a worry for you, then go for it. 

We sat outside since the inside was packed at 6pm on a saturday - good job y'all! The specials were 2 featured food items, I was hoping for something with whiskey as its in the name, but nope. We settled on a cobb salad, patty melt, and the supposedly famous duck fat fries. We were ready to chow down. 

20 minutes later and I wonder what happened to the beer I ordered. Other folks had sat down, ordered drinks, gotten them and then their apps, and I am sitting there with an empty water glass and nothing else. Im sad for that. Finally they came out and said the keg was kicked and they would bring out the beer soon. Well, 30 mins into our visit, the food arrives, then after that, my beer, and we dig in.

Cobb salad, fabulous. The best chicken I have ever had on salad. Yup I said it. Patty melt, made my dad very happy. Fries. Well... cold and average. Wah Wah. Shoulda skipped those calories. 

Anyways, Id go back and see if my experience would be better next time. Thanks for a lovely evening!
Best burger I've ever had. Ever.
EVER.

We came in for lunch on a Friday, so I understand the place being busy. We were also a large group and decided to split in half so as not to take up the entire sidewalk. However, we ended up being a group of 4 and a group of 5. Pretty manageable numbers per table. 

For one reason or another, service was really off. Not bad, per say, just strange. Our food came out before our other table, who had ordered before us. Dishes were mixed up. The wait for our food was long, despite being served before our counterparts.

This is not to say I wouldn't come back. I absolutely would, just after winning tons of money at that new casino.
i like the fact that garces is not a one-trick pony.
he's branched out to a place that focuses on drinks more than food, and my my, what a wonderful place this is.
now, i'm not a whiskey drinker, but it looks like there is a huge selection, although a bit on the pricey side.
the mixed drinks are fun and quite tasty--some are stronger than others (for the lightweights, i recommend horse with no name!)...
and the veggie burger is to die for.  really.
This is officially my "go-to" place when someone is looking for a recommendation for dinner in Philly. 

I tried their Village Burger (their standard burger) last time and the Burger of the Month this time around. For a first timer, my recommendation is the Village Burger for sure with the duck-fat fries. Unfortunately, the Village Burger does not come with anything on the side (except for a pickle), but the fries are decadent and somehow both soft and crispy and just melt in your mouth. 

Note: the burger of the month did come with fries although it was different from the fries on their menu. Good but not the same. 

It is quite a tiny place so I recommend going when they open their outdoor seating area. I will say it will get pricey here with the burger, fries a la carte, and maybe a drink or two, but it's worth it to try!
A great find towards my last few days in Philly! I'll get my one complaint with the place out of the way early on, the space is quite cramped and they could do with a good expanding. I like the cozy atmosphere, but I didn't like having to wait so long when there weren't too many people.

That being said, this place is awesome and should be on everyone's list of places to eat. If you're a whisky fan, the place really lives up to their name. I can't quite remember the name of the drink I had, but it was very good, and reasonably priced.

The food was well worth the wait though. The duck fat fries with short ribs and cheese were phenomenal, and I normally hate liquid cheese on anything. It's very similar to poutine (don't worry Canadian's, I know it isn't exactly like poutine) with a bed of fries topped with generous amounts of a cheese/gravy type sauce and tender/succulent chunks of short rib (pro tip, get the same thing but ask for tater tots instead, you won't be disappointed). And they randomly had popcorn shrimp as well, which was to me the MVP, but I'm biased since I like popcorn shrimp a lot. The Whisky Burger was a great compliment to the fries as well, and I got it topped of with some quacamole and grilled mushrooms/onions. Overall, easily one of the better meals I've had in Philly.
The burgers here are amazing. They almost border on too big honestly. I always leave here sort of uncomfortably full, but no one is forcing me to eat every last bite plus a side of duck fat fries. I like the build your own burger options, but honestly I'm happy with the original Garces has made. Sadly, I can't comment on the whiskey; I've only been here for lunches so far, but the selection behind the bar is impressive and intimidating.
Not bad. Be prepared to wait an hour or so on the weekends for a table to open up. Burger was pretty good but nothing compared to the angus burger at the Royal. Duck fat fries were ok but nothing out of this world. I would say top 10 on the best burgers in Philly list. I could take or leave a second trip. The service is also notorious for being rude - just a heads up.

Bottom line; Good burger, good service, ridiculous wait because its so small and prices are high. If you're looking for a great burger, there are many alternatives.
For years, I've been wanting to try this place, but being that it is entirely tiny and always popular, I've never been able to drop in.  Recently, I've been hankering for meat (ha, this winter weather!!), so I finally got my butt into a chair (a couple times now) to partake in this Village Whiskey burger that peeps have been talking up for what seems like forever. (those duck fat french fries too)

So my hopes were set high. So I partook, and sadly, I wasn't entirely blown away. A $13 Village burger, that quickly turned into a $22 burger (after I add caramelized onions, cheese, mushrooms) was cooked thankfully to temp ( a perfect medium) - and it left me wanting more. The patty was not revolutionary for me. It lacked unami and the fattiness that I associate with a truly superior patty - and to be honest, it struck me as just a regular standard ole' burger that you can just get at any joint about town.  And those duck fat fries!  Ugh, even a bigger letdown.  I'm not one to ever leave fries behind.  LEAVE NO FRIES behind, is usually my motto, but here I couldn't even work through them.  Entirely not cooked (fried) enough, overly chewy, bland, and severely under salted,  I did not enjoy them at all.  Such a bummer.

Better burgers are to be had at Butcher & Singer, ($10.95!) or even across the street, at Shake Shack at a fraction of the cost and with superior fries.  I'm never one to proclaim that a chain can trump a local place (I usually abhor chains) but here, 'tis (sadly) the truth.
Ask me to say Village Whiskey sober and I still sometimes slip up and say Willage Whiskey like I'm huntings wabbits. Well I'm not the only one slipping up. 

Jose has learned from the master, Starr. When you open a new restaurant your older ones start to slip up. The service gets lousier, the food less than stellar and you open at 11:30 but the kitchen isn't up and running till noon? WTF?

Sara and I thought we were geniuses. Going to VW at 11:30 ( opening time) on Saturday for our craving of the best burger ever. Well guess what that salty not cooked to order burger, was not the best burger ever. I'm glad we went saturday because I was thinking of taking my Mama on thursday for lunch. Nope sorry Jose, I'm just not ready for you to meet my mom. 

Shrimp Poppers we were so excited to try you. However you were like sysco food service shrimp with some remoulade-esque mayo dipping sauce. 

The beets and ricotta were still great.

Our waiter came to the table and told us immediately that we could not order from the kitchen until noon. He did not say that they were having probs, which then we would have said hey thats cool. He did however not have answer for me when I said well why are you open at 1130? And he did decide that he did not want to be our waiter anymore and give us to a slightly better, but still annoyed waitress. We got our burgers at 12:08, why did waiter number 1 even bother to tell us that the kitchen would not be open until 12? weirdness

The service recently there has been crap. Waiters are even annoyed when you butt in and tell your neighbors about yummy things on the menu? Whatever. It was the best burger in Philly, but I guess in a mad rush on saturday its not? what gives? why jose why!

So moral of the story don't go on Saturdays? We are still tweaking to find the perfect time to come without a hurrendous wait. BTW they open at 5pm on sunday, we haven't tried that yet!
Lord almighty. The burgers - they know how to do'em. 

Got here on a later side of a Thursday night - there were couples everywhere making out in the cozy booth seats. I wasn't having any of that - I just wanted me some good burger. And I had one so I was happy as a clam. I can't even get my thoughts organized to rave about the burgers. My mouth is salivating right now - to the point of droolage. The burger is cooked to perfection(got med-well because I was second-doubting the grill-man...should have trusted him and gotten med-rare! next time...)and the cheese, mushrooms, tomato, pickles, lettuce... I scarfed it down within minus 3 minutes, I believe. My friends who were not (wo)man enough to get a beautiful burger got a little dessert thingy that they were still working on when I looked up from licking the last bit of burger juice on my plate.

OH and they have raw oysters, too! I have unconditional love for places that has raw oysters. Done. I love you, Village Whiskey.

However, I didn't care for the duck fat fries but it's just me because everyone else liked it very much. But that's because they didn't have the burger, I'm assuming. 

Honorable mention...the hostess that was working last Thursday night(Feb 10th or Feb 3rd - I can't possibly remember) - you greeted me ever so nicely and you took me right to my table so I didn't have any in depth conversation with you but you were the most pleasant hostess I've seen in a very long while..even working in that little vestibule with cold air leaking in from the front door, you had a genuine smile on and very welcoming. Thank you!
When a new Jose Garces restaurant opens, it warrants a visit.  My bf and I took a late-ish trip over the weekend for some whiskey, beer and burgers.  The service was excellent, the atmosphere (much like Tinto and Amada) was perfectly suited for a swanky burger/ whiskey joint.  Two burgers and two drinks cost $50+ with tip & tax included.

We brought the dog & sat outside at a large wooden table, tucked away on Sansom Street where there was a nice breeze and ample room.  We ordered a Bear Republic Imperial Stout ($8) & 1oz of Macallan Cask Strength ($13).  Both were overpriced for the size - the stout was deliciously rich.

I ordered the veggie burger and added on some Jasper Hill Cheddar, my bf ordered the regular burger w/ carmelized onions and we planned to share the tater tots.  My veggie burger came out on a buttery sesame roll and fell apart pretty easily, but I was most disappointed with the miniscule amount of cheese on the burger (for a $3 upcharge I expected more than a couple crumbles).  From what I tasted, the cheddar was sharp and delightful, I just wish there had been more.  The regular burger, prepared medium rare, crumbled when picked up.  It was extremely greasy and messy but I'm told it was pretty tasty.

When our waitress realized the tater tots were missing from our table, she apologized and placed a new order on the house.  I'm glad we didn't miss out - the taters reminded me of the ones prepared at Tinto, smooth on the inside, nicely seasoned and crisp on the outside.

We'll be back for bar snacks (pretzels & pickled beets) & specialty cocktails, but probably not for burgers.
If you're not a regular be careful you might walk into Tinto by accident which is what happened to me when I was coming from Market Street. Doors are literally right next to one another. 

My party of two had a 45 minute wait which according to my bf is the regular wait time. So I had high expectations for their burgers. 

We got the Village Burgers, Duck Fat Fries, and Deviled eggs. The deviled eggs were good not super mayo-y/creamy so it was different. The Duck Fat Fries have more flavor than your average fries but Duck Fat doesn't make the fries crispy. The Village Burgers were good, the beef patty was very flavorful and with just the standard toppings, no add ons, I was surprised it tasted pretty good. I enjoyed the thousand island sauce the burger had which complemented the overall taste of the burger. 

The restaurant is not wheelchair friendly, all the tables/chairs/booths are high tops. I'm only mentioning this because an older man came in on his wheelchair and he sat in the back with his food on a high ledge. I felt really bad for him since he was by himself. Wish they accommodated him better.
Small restaurant. 
Got there at 8:30 and was told to wait 45 minutes. Ended up getting seats at bar which was a bit tight. 

However, this place deserves 5 stars because their burgers were just that good. When my boyfriend first got his Village Burger, he thought it looked dry. But when he took his first bite, juice started to splatter all over. I got the Village Burger and added mushrooms and onions. The extra toppings were not necessary at all!

Hands down best burger.
I was excited to get to try Village Whiskey for the first time last night, as it is another Garces joint that has been hyped up by so many people. I ordered the veggie burger and my husband and I split the duck fries. The veggie burger was mediocre, and seemed to be missing something. If you want an amazing veggie burger, go to National Mechanics or The Latest Dish and pay less money for much friendlier service. The duck fries were good, but nothing to write home about. You can basically get the exact same meal at a million other places in Philly and actually be made to feel comfortable and valued as a customer while you're enjoying your dining experience.

Village Whiskey has been talked up by so many people. All you're paying for is the atmosphere. Sure, the food is good, but the staff is insanely rude. The hostess brought people back to where we were sitting while we were still eating, rather than making those people wait up front for a table. The people then proceeded to begin asking, "What's taking them so long?" in reference to us. The hostess, rather than corralling them over to a more comfortable and acceptable place in the restaurant for them to stand and wait, proceeded to add her two cents and intentionally commented, "I don't know what's taking them so long..." so that we could hear their complaints, in hopes that their rudeness would hurry our dinner. I will never set foot back into Village Whiskey again. 

...and $10 for a shot of Dewar's?! C'MON! I'll be spending that same $10 on a whole BOTTLE of Dewar's and drinking it at home.
The long and narrow walkway, the tiny tables pushed up against the benches, the entryway that barely fits the hostess and a few patrons, it's all part of a ruse. It's some sick, inside joke.

It has to be. Think about it. They lug out your Ole 96er burger topped with a fried egg, bacon, and cheese as well as an order of duck fat fries. You briefly wonder how many ducks it takes to fill the vat of a deep fryer before sinking your teeth into your burger. 

The employees sit back and watch as your belly visibly expands to touch the edge of the table.

Bloated and defeated, you try to leave but can't get out of the table without pushing it away. You're a little too top heavy now and have difficulty negotiating your way down the aisle. The diners waiting for your spot have to exit the establishment just so you can get out. Between pants, you thank them.

Meanwhile, the staff silently laughs as the same folly plays itself out over and over again. Sure, it's a little embarrassing but, if you're alive the next day and your credit card hasn't been maxed out, you can enjoy just how good that burger was. 

You might as well live it up now because who knows how many years that meal just took off your life.
I have wanted to come here for the last year after seeing it on the Food Network's Burgers, Brew, and Que.  The food and ambience looked amazing.  I came in for Restaurant Week and tried the $20 lunch which is a bargain.  They have about 100 whiskeys ranging from $6 - $120 per shot.  I went for a cask version of the Yard's IPA, which was $6 and was really good, although the pours are well under a pint.  

I ordered a hot brown even thought I came for the famous burger, but I always wanted a hot brown so went for it.  As it was RW I also got a starter with picked beets, olive spread, cheese spread, and sourdough - this was all amazing.  The hot brown came and was served in a classic skillet and was huge.  It really could not have been better and the bread in the bottom had soaked up all the mornay sauce and was my favorite part.  It also came with duck fat fries which were amazing.  I had to get the dessert to go as I could hardly walk.  The whole thing cost $28.

I can't wait to go back.
Village whiskey is prolly one of Garces restaurants in which he trying to venture out of his comfort zone, most popularly known and loved for his spanish, mexican and even Peruvian fares its nice to see him try to conquer a new world of palates, and what better way to exactly do that but in form of a juicy 8 oz burger.

Last week was my second attempt to get a seat at this place, increasingly popular and of course cos of Garces being crowned the new iron chef , this place is always swamped by a hungry mob. Though they dont take reservations  , one can put down their names on the list and stroll to nearby places like Rum Bar, Irish pub or Tinto to make the hour long wait ease by as even the bar at Village whiskey is a hard place to find a footing. ( EDIT: its strange but it almost felt like the wait staff really doesn't want u to wait , they kept emphasizing the wait is more than an hour trying to kind of scare me off the wait list even though i was fine with the wait. ) 

Talking bout the bar, they have gr8 bartenders and equally intriguing cocktails. Village Whiskey does live up to its name, offering a wide range of bourbons , scotch and Irish whiskey , though i stuck to my servings of Bushmills and glenlivet , but the APA ( vodka infused with hops and egg white ) seemed to be pretty eye catching. 

Lets get to the important part FOOD, no matter wht ppl say, behind all the pickles and salads, this place is all about the burger, i had the Whiskey king with maple bourbon glazed cipollini, rogue bleu cheese ( though a bit chunky , delicious nonetheless ) with an applewood bacon, and topped ofcourse by foie gras. the foie gras is a show stealer and brings glitter and glamor to an traditional burger. The burger is nice and juicy and quite figuratively melts in your mouth. It may not be practical ( atleast for me ) to have a 24$ burger week in and week out, thats why i was amazed how equally good the the 9$ village burger was, with a fried egg to crown it, its as good if not better than the King :) 

Other than the burgers, dint try much on the menu but the duck fat french fries with sly fox cheddar were heavenly. Oh even though i was lost in food for most parts of the night, the ambiance was quite like the times of prohibition with elegant ceiling fans , charred mirrors  , and music that reminded u of 1930's classic. spellbinding.

Overall i simply love this place and would be making frequent trips to this elegant establishment in the near future. And the winner in this episode of Rittenhouse battle , Iron Chef Garces i bow to u !!
The Village Burger was freakishly good, super juicy and simple and perfect. Now I know why everyone raves about it. Not wanting to get 2 of the same thing, we also got the BBQ Pork Sammy which was alright, nothing special. We really should have just gotten 2 burgers, sigh. We splurged on the Shortrib & Cheddar Fries too, which were good but not really worth it, I'd probably just get the normal fries next time.

The place was packed when we went around 9, even with the outside seating available. We were lucky to get seats right away at the counter.
I had wanted to get a burger at Village Whiskey for quite some time. It's just one of those things where desire and opportunity had not met.

The night started with meeting up with a buddy for some drinks. It was one bar than another. No, not that kind of bar hopping. I actually only had two beers and it was only two bars. Two of the guys took off for dinner reservations and left three of us to figure it out until we met up later.

As I often do, I pulled out my iPhone, opened up my Yelp ap, and looked around to see what was in the area. And there it was. The Village Whiskey. The ten blocks would have seemed a lot closer if it was not raining pretty hard. But I was not about to let a little water get in the way of my chance to introduce my desire to this opportunity.

Lucky for me, the other two guys followed my lead. I didn't exactly disclose how far it was. In fact, I just said, it's a few blocks, not that far. Am I bit of a selfish jerk? Maybe. But sometimes you need to lead your friends to what is best for them. (Later, my friends thanked me for the awesomeness I introduced them to.)

Upon our arrival, we started off by entering the wrong bar. Our stay there was short lived and we made our way over to the Village Whisky.

Then came the bad news. It was a two hour wait for seating. What what what? And, then, the good news. But you can try the bar, which is first come first served. We found one seat. The guys were a bit skeptical, but I convinced them to give it a few minutes.

As I made my way to the bathroom, it became clear why the wait was so long.  There were hardly any tables. When they went into business, clearly their business model did not expect such crowds for dinner.

By the time I got back from the bathroom, the bartender who had us on watch, let me know three seats were opening, and we quickly shuffled over to them. The stars were now aligned.

I had a beer and some whisky, both which were very good. They had some nice brews on tap and quite the selection of whisky. While waiting for my burger to come out, we had some deviled eggs. They were delish.

I had fancied myself the Chinese New Year Burger. It's made up of char sui glazed beef, Chinese bacon, asian slaw, and spicy cucumber aioli. We got some fries to go along with our burgers. The fries were tasty, but this review is about what makes this place special, the burger.

It was like slow motion, the good kind of slow motion, like in a romance movie when two lovers first make eye contact and they just know. There it was, on a white platter, my burger, my new love.

The meat on this burger was mouth watering good. It practically melted in my mouth. It's the kind of burger you don't really want to swallow. You just want to chew and enjoy it's tastiness forever. If you like to burn your burger, don't insult this burger delivered from heaven. Take your burning business somewhere else. But if you like to actually taste your meat, lick your chops and head over to Village Whisky.
Just a brief update! I've been back many more times since my first time around, and I'd say my experiences were far better. They opened up a large outdoor area and have tables on 18th and Sansom! What's also great is that it's so easy to book a table through OpenTable. The burgers I've subsequently had here were much better than my first one. I've most recently had their "Dundie," which is the Burger of the Month and it was a great burger with a sweet tone to the bacon it comes with. I almost always get the Deviled Eggs as well, which is a great appetizer. Rating now up!
Sorry Yelpers, but I thought this Jose Garces restaurant was just okay.

Village Whiskey is pretty tiny.  About seven round tables that could fit maybe three people (might be able to fit four, but highly unlikely) and some room at the bar.  Came for lunch at 11:30am when they opened, and by about 12:15pm, all the tables and most of the seats at the bar were taken.  

We were the second group to be seated, and although there was no one else in the restaurant at the time, our waitress seemed to be preoccupied after taking our order.  She knew we were still deciding on drinks, so why didn't she check on us again?  Hello!  She wasn't very attentive and seemed like she would rather be elsewhere.

I ordered the Village Burger (an 8 ounce burger on a sesame roll with Boston bibb lettuce, tomato, and house-made thousand island dressing: $11) and added Jasper Hill cheddar cheese ($3.50) and fried egg ($1.50).  Perfect brunch meal right?  Eh.  Was just okay.  The burger wasn't anything spectacular, definitely not anything to rave about.  It was juicy, but lacked flavor.  Usually the bun makes the burger (for me at least), and I thought the sesame roll was okay.  Tasted like an everyday burger bun to me.  The cheddar cheese and fried egg were a nice additional to the burger.  At 8 ounces, this burger is pretty huge!  Could definitely serve as another meal or late night snack.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtKSTHV5Qx_Q7Aur9o4kQQ?select=QZ4Yn47TLprQlbCRWMtZdw

We also ordered the duck fat french fries with sly-fox cheddar sauce ($7) to share.  I've always always wanted to try duck fat fries.  These left me wanting more.  Really...is this what they really taste like?  I hope not.  These fries were more soggy than crispy, and left a weird after taste in my mouth.  The cheddar sauce was a welcomed additional, but not necessary.  The sauce would have been better if it was hotter.  

When our waitress finally came back with our food, we were able to order the Irish Car Bomb shake ($9).  Ours definitely didn't look like a lot of the pictures that were posted on Yelp.  For $9, this shake better be spectacular!  Again, it was just okay.  I did enjoy those chunks of brownie pieces though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtKSTHV5Qx_Q7Aur9o4kQQ?select=EbqJLiD6Pkw7u1KgFVmJAA

RG ordered the Whiskey King (an 8 ounce burger on a sesame roll with maple bourbon glazed ciopollini, rogue bleu cheese, applewood bacon, and foie gras-$26).  Massive burger.  The bleu cheese was almost non-existent.  I tried a bite, and the foie gras was pretty good.  The applewood bacon was a nice touch.  But again, the burger was just okay.  

FYI-Don't look up at the ceiling fans, they were so filled with dirt, that you might get dust in your eyes!
You know what's good? This place. You want to eat outside on a cozy sidewalk on Sansom street? You got it! You want to dine inside in an intimate well-lit (with natural light) space? You got it. Want to cozy up to a sweet bar while you sit on chairs with backs? You got that here too. Drinks that are delicious, food that is well prepared and yes. The burger is as delicious as they say but so are the fried cheese curds. Try 'em. You won't be sorry. The fries, the cob salad, the cocktail called, "The Spice Jam"? I can vouch for all of them. Thanks for this place, Philadelphia.
I'm a fan of Jose Garces restaurants and had been itching to try Village Whiskey for quite some time, but had been daunted by the tales of 3 hour waits on weekends. So .... one dark and stormy weeknight I calculated my chances of getting seated in a timely fashion higher than normal, and off to Philly we drove. 

The "waitlist" was kept track of on an ipad, with an option of loitering around and crowding the very small establishment(I expected a much larger space, no wonder the lineups are mad!) or being texted when a table is available, to which you need to reply you are on your way. Quite modern and efficient, much better than the buzzers of yore which only allowed you to stay within a small radius. 

My dining companion and I decided to crowd around the bar given the torrential rain outside. And yes, Village Whiskey was still packed on such an evening.  We were seated soon after.

For appetizer we ordered the Herb Roasted Oysters - juicy, flavourful, warm only second to the Parmesan baked Oysters I've had in New Orleans, I'd highly recommend these.

I ordered the Village burger and added on the horseradish crab salad on it, while my hungrier companion ordered the $26 Whiskey Burger  (with the standard toppings which are by no means standard) - applewood bacon, fois gras, blue cheese and maple glazed cipollini onions. And a side of duck fat fries to share. 


While waiting for our dinner to arrive, I sipped on the "Debt Collector" (Apple brandy, port, lemon, and some bitters) an excellent and refreshing not-too-sugary choice,  just as i like my cocktails. I also tried a bit of the Cuba Kula (3 different kinds of rum, absinthe, lime, orange and bitters) which was also equally good.

Our food arrived about 20 mins from when we ordered. My burger was delicious, cooked to medium rare perfection, juicy, delicious and quite messy to eat (Disclaimer: avoid on a first date unless you feel very adventurous). I was really happy with my burger till i took a bite of the Whiskey burger... and another... until it had to be pried away from me. I had a serious case of burger envy. Complex complementing flavors and textures, meaty goodness... Jose Garces is a god. 

The only negative things I can say about this place are that the fries are not all that. The waitress forgot to bring out our fries with the order and had to be reminded. On arrival they seemed to be a bit overcooked. Definitely skip the fries in favour of other sides would be my suggestion.
Also, another minor complaint would have been from the Whiskey burger  the bottom bun was a bit soggy - perhaps due to all the toppings. The Village burger held up quite alright however.

We decided to skip dessert in favour of more drinks. I ordered the Fishhouse punch, really good, but  quite sweet. I also had a sip of the chocolate shake my friend ordered, also top notch.

I think the Whiskey Burger is by far the most indulgent other-worldly gourmet burger I have ever tried, and cant wait to go back so (after a day of fasting) I can order one all to myself, and try some other cocktails. 

A "MUST TRY" for any visit to Philly for the more food inclined traveller.

A solid 4.5 stars.
ok vegans seems weird but this burger joint is an accidental vegan hot spot.  the food is great and i love the service and atmosphere.  drinks are top notch. the servers are well informed and go out of their way to be helpful! 

Vegan Items as follows: 

* Tater Tots (cooked in soy oil)
* Veggie Burger WITHOUT THE BUN (note the bun is *not* vegan) 
*Pickled Veggies - *note the black olive tapenade is VEGAN as well as the sourdough bread but obviously the ricotta spread is not - just ask for it w/out. 


love it here!
I wasn't prepared for the investment of time that a visit to Village Whiskey required. I knew it wouldn't be quick, but I didn't realize it was a decision that would follow me for the rest of the day.

It's a popular restaurant--I knew there would a wait to get a table. We arrived after 2pm for a weekday lunch, so the place was pretty well cleared out by the time we were seated.

The restaurant is new, so I wasn't surprised when our appetizer was accidentally served to the table next to us, resulting in a 20 minute wait for a tray of pickled beets. Or when our french fries were served after the pickle tray was long gone but well before our greasy burgers made it to the table. 

What I really wasn't prepared for was the amount of time I had to spend in the john for the rest of the day. I will spare you the indecorous details of my gastrointestinal distress, but I was quite sick.
For the non foodies, sure go ahead. For foodies, skip

The whisky is severely overpriced, go to any nearby bar for a $10 Laphroaig rather than$20 here. The cocktails were meh. Not the best I've had by far.

The burger was once my favorite, now it pales in comparison to the best burger in the city, namely hickory lane. 

The food otherwise, was technically fine but for the price it pales in comparison to the better places in the city

Everyone is nice and helpful. But if you're a foodie, you can do better. If not go ahead and enjoy it!
BOMB-BAY! This place is currently my favorite place to eat in Philly. Granted, I don't live here but I like to think that I've tried my fair share of the eateries and Village Whiskey is the one I want to come back to the most. The restaurant is a bit cramped, so waits can get pretty extreme. The bar "area" is seat yourself, so you can always take your chances with that. I haven't had the pleasure of drinking here yet, but from the looks of it, the whiskey selection is extensive.

Village Burger - Very solid burger. The meat is juicy and cooked to perfection. After my first bite of a burger, I like it when juices come slipping out and the bottom bun eventually gets soaked. But only after I bite into the burger. To me, its a sign that the burger isn't overcooked and there is a ton of meat and fat flavor sealed into the patty. And the Village Burger cooked medium does that. The thousand island dressing reminds me of In-N-Out spread. And I mean that as a big compliment. Haha. I didn't get any toppings when I got the Village Burger, but there are a variety of options available.

Whiskey King - BOMB-BAY! This burger is quite possibly the best Non-Umami burger I have ever had. (And to be fair, Umami burgers don't really count as burgers in my head cause their flavor profiles can be really different and non-burger tasting). The patty is fantastic and the same from the Village Burger. The bacon is crunchy, thick cut and deliciously sweet and salty. The foie gras is decedent, rich and creamy. And the blue cheese cuts through everything with its tartness. The combination of all the flavors and textures really make it a memorable eating experience. The $26 price tag is intimidating, but if you're looking for an indulgent treat, this would be my choice. 

Tater Tots - The most interesting tater tot i've ever had. When I have tots, I'm thrown back to my youth days of elementary school. Dipping small balls of potatoes, basically shredded hash browns, into ketchup. Crunchy all the way through. These tots are nothing like that. Sure you get a nice crispy exterior, but the inside of these things are mash potato soft. Its like a beignet tater tot. Its amazing, but be warned that it isn't your childhood tater tot.
I just wish to begin by saying that the whole reason I signed up for Yelp is to review Village Whiskey's hamburger, which was stunning.  Yes, the drinks are quite decent, and yes the place is small (expect a wait, even on a mid-week night).  But the hamburger is one of the best I've had...ever.  I'll be brief:

The standard burger is only $9 which, while a far cry from a .99 McDonald's patty, is at least 100x as satisfying.  It's an 8 oz., puck-shaped model of deliciousness and, if you order it with a bit of extra cheddar on top, needs no ketchup, mustard, etc., to imprint it forever on your mind.  The beef is derived from grass-fed angus in Maine (which doesn't mean much to me apart from knowing that its not from some massive mid-western feed lot), and apparently from three specific and special parts of the cow which are all ground together to produce a perfect 70% lean-to-fat ratio.  As my buddy said the night we went here, "every cow aspires to this,"  and the burger's flavor continues to resonate on my palate, even a week later.

I would highly recommend trying this place out for anyone who wants an amazing burger, a nice atmosphere, and who considers themselves an authority of any kind on great Philadelphia hamburgers.
Truthfully, I think the biggest draw to Village Whiskey is the lure of limited (coveted) seating capacity and the fact that it carries the prestige of being a Garces restaurant. 

Yes, the hamburger is good (I particularly enjoyed the house-made Thousand Island dressing they lather over the sesame brioche bun). And yes, the duck fat fries are noteworthy. But I don't find the food so extraordinarily outstanding that it should inspire a perpetual waitlist for diners. 

Rather, as other Yelps have advised, I recommend arriving at an off-peak hour to appreciate the complete dining experience - from a well prepared cocktail, to knowledgeable and seasoned service. That, in addition to quality food, is what makes VW appealing and distinct.
Stopped in on a whim and definitely not dissappinted!! The Sorella brunch cocktail was devine, blueberry corn pancakes out of this world and the house sage maple bacon...wow!  The piece de resistance was the house pickled plate with incredibly savory AND sweet shallots, apples we think and cabage serves with perfectly crusty baguettes, olive tapendade and creamy ricotta. Definitely worth the stop in. (psssst, and the whisky list is LEGIT albeit a little pricey)
If you appreciate whiskey, this is the place. The bartenders here are not your typical dive bartenders---they are a master of their craft. The bar is decorated with hundreds of bottles of whiskey. The cocktails are carefully crafted. I went with a Pimm's cup and my husband had a Golden Ticket. We could sit their all day watching the bartenders. The only negative is that it gets super crowded and the bar is very narrow. We kept bumping into people and servers delivering food.
I've been wanting to go to Village Whiskey in Philly ever since I went in Atlantic City (before Revel closed down). 
I stopped by with my husband and cousin for a late lunch. We were cramped into a high top table.
We shared the village burger, chicken and waffles, and duck fat fries. 
Village burger was very average but VERY overpriced. 
Chicken and waffles was not great. 
Duck fat fries were still as great as I remembered-got 2 orders. 
Too bad my memory was better than the actual meal :(
The food... meh. That Village Burger was the dryest "gourmet" burger I've EVER had! I told the waiter medium well and there was not a stitch of beige it was fried beyond belief and thay low lit lighting could not disguse it...lol

The duck fat fries were good. You can skip the cheese sauce however. It's nothing special. 

But definitely go (and stay) for the drinks! The Rose Gold is exceptional.
I went in November (the day before Thanksgiving to be exact) around lunch time to purchase a gift card at the bar. The male bar tender rolled his eyes when my friend and I said we were not there to eat. He took his time getting our gift card together. After he rang me up he turned half way towards the bar and threw my credit card at me! Other people at the bar noticed and even commented on it. 

I will never go back. 

Because of this experience I created a Yelp account.
I finally had a chance to try the infamous burger & duck fat fries at Village Whiskey. The fries were good but didn't notice any added flavor from the "duck fat."  I thoroughly enjoyed the burger & fried egg.  The burger patty is very thick and you have to really press down on the roll to fit it in your mouth.  I would prefer if they changed the construction of the patty but that's just me being picky.

If you are in the area Village Whiskey is a solid choice for a great burger.
The first sip of my Capetown cocktail started off an excellent evening at Village Whiskey -- the cocktail, a (mildly) updated version of the Savoy classic, was absolutely perfect. It is quite rare to find a cocktail that opens up upon the palate as well as the Capetown did, even though high-end cocktail bars and 'speakeasys' are now found in every major city. Too often, while striving towards mixology, such bars forget the wonder of a cocktail that is so well balanced and nuanced that the response to it is absolutely visceral. 

The Drinks:

To a collector of spirits or classic cocktail freak, the bar at Village is stunning to behold, and far beyond the excellent selection of whiskeys that provide its namesake, Village has a stunning array of amaros, absinthes, gins, tequilas, rums, and cordials -- including the amazing and ancient Chartreuse V.E.P (in both green and yellow!). And while I would be impressed to see Laird's Bottled-in-bond Applejack (meaning it is all apple spirit, not diluted with neutral spirit) in any bar, Village has the 12yo aged expression, which literally floored me. 

The cocktails we enjoyed were stunning, and after the Capetown, the Corpse Reviver #2 and Widow's Kiss we re standouts. My date and I simultaneously decided to have CR#2s as our second round, which Village makes with Cocchi Apertivo in place of the Lillet (the Cocchi more closely matches the Kina Lillet with which the drink was created) were absolutely inspired. Our bartender, Steven, made the drinks with craft and precision -- expertly coating the cocktail glasses in Vieux Carre absinthe before straining in the best CR#2s that I think we'd ever had -- the slight bitterness of the Cocchi raised the cocktail to heights that the overly sweet Lillet Blanc never allowed it to reach.

Ordering off-menu again for our final round, the bartenders turned out a perfect Sloe Gin Fizz and a Widow's Kiss to finish our evening. Both were superb.

The Food:

Many cocktail bars have no food or very limited food options, which I often find somewhat unfortunate -- while the focus ought be on the cocktails, it is nice to have something to refresh the palate and help soak up the alcohol -- not a concern at Village. We ordered the Duck Fat fries, which Yelpers consistently praise, and with good reason. Not only have they the unctuous wonder of duck fat, but have obviously been double-fried for perfect texture, and are seasoned well. A perfect cocktail accompaniment! But Village has something else that cannot be ignored: their wonderful selection of pickled vegetables. We chose the turnip and black kale. Superb. The turnips had become flavorful vinegary pillows upon the tongue while the kale was so wonderfully piquant, the green's deeply vegetal quality as the perfect foil for the vinegar. Wonderful!

The Service:

There is a distinct difference between good service and excellent service; at Village it certainly was excellent, containing that mix of efficient professionalism with honest concern for our experience. I think the staff is rightfully proud of what they do -- a server noticed a minor issue I had with a dish (so minor I didn't even intend to mention it), told our bartender about it, who not only took care of the issue, but went out of his way to make up for it.  NO establishment is 100% perfect all the time, but the sincerity and alacrity with which the staff here acted on such a small thing earned so much respect from me.
 
Conclusion:

We've been to Village a few times in the past year or so, and though the cocktails and the overall experience was always good, it was not so stunning that we wanted to endure the wait and the crowd (though they do keep it reasonable), our recent trip is going to make Village a more regular haunt. Looking forward to returning!

The only thing I wish I could change is the somewhat entitled attitude of a few of the customers that evening who seemed to think the establishment existed entirely and only for them.
With a hankering for a burger and prompted by a discussion on duck fat fries, I wanted to try both at Village Whiskey.

As others have mentioned, this place is small and still pretty popular, resulting in a 30min wait (no waiting area) for a seat at the bar at 1:45pm on a weekday. It started to open up around 2:30pm.

I ordered the top of the line, Whiskey King - an 8oz burger patty w/maple bourbon glazed cipollini onions, applewood bacon, foie gras and  rogue bleu cheese (which I recommend getting on the side so that it does not overpower the foie). When the burger arrived, it had a nice piece of perfectly cooked foie gras on top, but the bun was sitting in a pool of liquid - not ideal for the brioche bun. The liquid seemed to be a combination of the braising liquid from the onions, melting of the foie gras and oozing from the burger. Now, I don't mind a juicy burger, but I don't recall ordering a sloppy joe. Nonetheless, I brace the ginormous burger and in my best Adam Richman impression from Man vs. Food, I dive right in.

Juicy - check
Fresh brioche bun - check
Subtle flavors of the foie (if you put blue cheese on the side) - check
Best tasting burger I have had - errr.....not so fast.

Yes, the burger was juicy and the foie flavors just speeked through on certain bites, but what was missing IMHO is the ever so important flavor of the meat itself!! The best burger I have ever had is the 40 day aged prime burger from David Burke's steakhouse in Chicago. Not because it was the most opulent burger I have had (that honor goes to the DB burger at Daniel Boulud in NYC - 36 hr braised short ribs with foie and truffles), but rather for the umami that the meat exuded. I would rate the Whiskey King burger a 7.5 out of 10 for the price. Personally, I think they can loose the blue cheese which can easily overpower the other flavors and offer it as an additional topping. Perhaps next time, I will go a more minimalist route their regular burger topped with caramelized onions and fried egg.

On to the duck fries, which are a separate order. Nice but not particularly memorable. The seasoning on the fries makes it next to impossible to  pick up any subtle flavors the duck fat might have imparted.

Service was friendly and efficient. The selection of whiskey and bourbons were good, but as others have pointed out on other threads, the markups are too high (900%-1500%) given that spirits have less waste than wine. Many of the higher end bourbons and single malts they offer like the Pappy Van Winkle (for $50 / 2oz) I can enjoy at home for much less.

So in short, if you have not been, try it out but if you are a burger purist, skip the Whiskey King.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME, duck fat french fries??? braised short rib fries?  foie gras burger????  100+ whiskey selection???????????

Okay I didn't really count how many whiskeys there were but I'm sure the true number is staggering.  This place is indulgent, unapologetic, and incredibly delicious.  The first time I came here I just had a Lagavoulin and duck fat fries and I knew I'd be back.  The second time I came, it was my birthday so I had a whiskey flight (I think it was called "the Knockout Blow") the braised short rib fries, and a village burger with truffled mushrooms and bleu cheese.  What an experience.  That burger was juicy and cooked to perfection, the mushrooms were savory and bursting with flavor, and the braised rib fries... oh baby those fries... I just want to jump into a kiddie pool full of them and retire there.  

I just moved here from San Francisco and I'd be lying if said I didn't miss the west coast, but a place like Village Whiskey here in sunny Philadelphia makes me feel like everything's gonna be alllllright.

...California's still the best though.
Cozy little bar with great burgers! Duck fat fries are delicious, and I'm not partial to fries. They have a burger and drink of the month but their standard fare is pretty damn good. They grind the meat in house so don't shy away from a medium rare burger. Place is small but nice elegant decor and great bartenders. Gets crowded fast, few tables and Long narrow bar area. A must try.
FINALLY! it's taken me to long to get to this place.. and I'm glad I kept trying and finally made it here..

The service : amazing, the hostess was very nice.. we walked in and were prepared for that epic wait time, and things all lined up, someone else had put their name down and then never picked up their phone, therefore we got seated immediately, the waiter was totally on point, there was none of the "where did my waiter go" thing going on..

The food: I got the veggie burger, and it was DELICIOUS, the bun was perfection, the actual patty was just great, flavorful, a decent texture, it's truly hard finding really good veggie burgers. also had the tater tots, which were a bit under seasoned, but cooked great, the level of crisp on the outside was great... 

my qualms are no yellow mustard ( yes I said it ) , and that there was only 1 veggie burger choice. You can create something custom with the add ons however.
Disclaimer: I'm a vegetarian and I went here with 2 pescatarians. No one in my party tried the famous Village burger or the duck fat fries. However, we're all big fans despite not being Village Whiskey's target demographic. 

They don't take reservations here, so wait times are variable. I personally wouldn't even try on a Thursday-Saturday night because I'm an impatient person when it comes to food. The space is also super small for such a popular spot: it's basically a glorified hallway. The minimal decor, sleek bar, and white subway tiles avoid giving the place a cluttered feel, however. The tables are very tiny and close together, meaning you usually end up squeezed next to another party no matter where you sit. We went on a rainy evening, so outdoor seating (probably the best seats in the house) was out of the question. 

As for food, we got:
-The tater tots: fluffy little clouds of fried mashed potatoes. crispy on the outside, light and smooth on the inside. so. good.
-The pickled local red and golden beets: served with rich and creamy whipped ricotta, black olive tapenade, and sourdough bread. Beet lovers rejoice! The natural, fresh flavors of the beets shone through perfectly, reminding me why I adore beets so very much. Probably my favorite component of the meal, actually.
-The lobster mac: my seafood-eating dining companions really savored it
-The veggie burger: I liked it quite a bit, but I wanted to like it more because of all the hype. The patty was a little dry and crumbly on the outside, but the inside of the patty, paired with the pickled red cabbbage, was perfectly quenched. The burger just needs a bit of moisture to balance the dryness of the lentils. I suspect that it would have been more balanced with the guacamole as well, but I can't eat it because I am allergic to avocado (bummer, I know).

Overall, a great place to get some outstanding whiskey, well-mixed drinks, and delicious fare for meat lovers and vegetarians alike. It's just one of those places with a fun, unpretentious vibe that makes me happy to live in this city.
I have to say that I was initially turned off when the hostess informed us that there was a 30 minute wait to sit at the bar!!??But after we were finally seated I realized that how much I appreciated this establishments efforts to reduce the over crowded hippie scene that is predominant in most Rittenhouse locales.  

My date and I both ordered the burger, mine with avocado, hers with cheddar cheese and caramelized onions.  Both cooked to perfection and delish!  The fries cooked in duck fat were forgettable but the strawberry shortcake with whiskey soaked strawberries was off the chain!  Oh and i ordered the Commodore which was full of whiskey and well worth the $11 price tag. The whiskey pours are pricey but I thought most of the mixed drinks were priced consistently with what you would find elsewhere in the city.  

All in all it was a great night out.  Shout out to Becky our server who was absolutely awesome!  I would definitely wait 30 mins for a seat at the bar again!
They were not kidding about the burger. 

I don't know about this Village Whiskey business though, the Whiskey selection was ok, nothing impressive on the order of a Village ... but it's not bad.

However, you really come here for the burgers. And since it's not California, you CAN get foie gras on your burger! SIGH amazing.

Aside from the obvious, the burger was tender, juicy, delicious. I think they use prime rib and grind into the patty to give it that extra beefy and juicy flavor. I usually get my burgers medium rare at places like this so that might have helped even more. I think it's a great place to sit outside on a summer night especially since it's quite humid in Philadelphia and enjoy a burger and a whiskey sour.

I came here with a group of 6 people, and we got lucky with outdoor seating, but if you come here again on a weekend you might want to think about a reservation.
I've been to Village Whiskey twice now; the first time I learned a very important lesson about sharing a burger and fries with a friend (plates are huge and I was stuffed!) as well as taking Septa and/or a cab instead of driving myself and/or my friends (drinks are strong and had to cut off the fun so we could get home ok!) 

The second time was pure foodie bliss! We got there a little bit later then I wanted and we already knew we were in for a long wait. The hostess said she would take our name and phone number so she could call when something opened up. Since she was banking on a 40 minute wait we headed down 20th to grab a drink elsewhere. We weren't even 5 blocks away when she called to say something had opened up. We returned to find a great table waiting for us in the outside seating area. 

Our waiter was awesome, he was polite and attentive as well as super knowledgeable about both the food and drink menus. The food was delicious; 4 of us SHARED the lobster roll, a burger and the fries with cheese sauce. I was drinking whiskey sours made with egg whites, (which, I found out, is actually called a Boston Sour) and they are just delightful!

As far as the wait is concerned... just get over it. Village Whiskey is a BAR with an awesome food menu NOT a spectacular restaurant with an awesome bar menu . The place isn't equipped to handle big parties that are so desperate to celebrate in this small space. Thanks to that damn "best burger" review there will forever and always be a wait at Village Whiskey it just is what it is.
When JG created Village Whiskey, I think he finally answered my prayers.  A magnificent burger coupled with an enormous selection of whiskeys, YES PLEASE.

The burger is unbelievable.  I had one with a fried egg, cheese, and caramelized onions.  It was absolute perfection.  As I ate it, I had a sickening smile plastered on my face as though I had just found out I won the lottery.  The meat was so succulent and the bun so perfect and buttery.  This is burger heaven.

Not to go unmentioned: the duckfat fries with shortribs and cheese. Oh my god.  This is truly a heart attack on a plate but so freaking delicious.  Sometimes I dream about them.  

Oh yeah, the cocktails are good too.
I stopped by last night with my buddy Bob. First time since I had that delicious takeout burger back in November.

Two Issues:

1. It took WAY TOO LONG for a server to acknowledge us at our table. Geez... Wtf?

2. When the server set down glasses of water, his hands were wrapped around the tops of the glasses instead of the middle. That reflects poor training and bad management.

What the hell? You're bussing tables, touching peoples' dirty plates, etc, then handing us drinks with your hands on the tops of our glasses? 

Don't you all care that your guests not get sick?

I'll take a guess the answer is "no."

This is basic Waiting On Tables 101.

I expect much better.

The burger was tasty. I didn't get high off this one. (Maybe that only happens once?)

Some of the wow factor was gone this time. Not sure why...
I loved loved loved the food. Amazing and delicious. I probably gained 3lbs from the Kentucky Fried Quail not to mention the amazing delectable dessert; some kind of hot fudge Sunday done to perfection. Outside seating is not great due to the incline of the pavement and the slant of the sun; right in your eyes. There's really no way to get those awnings to work right. 

"Over priced decadent comfort food done with style"

Don't get me wrong, I likey very much, the whole decor and even the staff was on the ball, however I call em as I see em.
***Update****

I have updated my score as the general manager at Village Whiskey reached out to me to come back and give the restaurant another try.  

This time I was with 2 other guests.  We were sat at the same table aa my first visit which was still pretty cramped. The table next to is had left shortly after so we were able to spread out a little which was a good thing. 

Our server this time was very knowledgeable in Whiskey and even made suggestions as they were out of the Widow Jane I wanted to try.  

We ordered the short rib duck fat cheese fries again and this time they were seasoned perfectly the Buffalo Cheese curds were also a nice treat with a nice light crispy batter and what seemed like house made sauces. 

For my burger this time I went simple: cheese, mushrooms and onions cooked medium. My friends ordered the Octoberfest special medium and the VW Smash burger.  The toppings again were great on all three however my burger was med well again and so was the Octoberfest burger. They were a lot more juicy than the first visit but still over. 

I increased my stars from to three as the service was great and the starters were delicious.  The toppings also are top drawer.  The two main cons were the seating and those burgers that were over temp.  

Overall on a good night Village Whiskey is a solid place for great apps and a nice Whiskey Selection.  It is however also a burger bar and while the burgers are good they should be exactly to temp. 

(Original review)

I had high expectations coming into Village Whiskey. Part of it was the recommendation from
a friend and part of it was the reputation of the Iron Chef Jose Garces. Village Whiskey did not deliver.  

Starting off the seating is cramped and the booths and barstools were  ripped and outdated.

They have a good Whiskey selection, however, the waiter had no idea what Stagg Jr was even though its a featured whiskey on the menu.  On a positive note my girlfriend enjoyed the Ginger Rogers cocktail on their drink menu.

We ordered the short rib duck fat fries with homemade cheese sauce for an appetizer. Although it was tasty it was severely over salted. 

We both ordered our burgers medium. Mine had blue cheese, jalapeño bacon and caramelized onions.   My girlfriend had cheddar, avocado and jalapeño bacon. 

Both burgers came out between med well and well done.  While the burgers were overcooked and dry the bacon was undercooked and lacking any jalapeño flavor.  The best two things on mine were the blue cheese and the caramelized onions.  

The place seats about 30 people with the bar full but there were only two tables at the time of our order. There is no excuse for an overcooked burger when you basically only have burgers on the menu.  The toppings ranged from $2.50 for one slice of cheese to $4 for the bacon.  A basic burger starts at $12 with the lunch special but with toppings ends up being over $20 each.  Our bill came out to $95 with 2 burgers, the fries and a round of drinks.
I do declare that Village Whiskey is triumphant in serving the best burger in Philadelphia!  This is what burgers should taste and look like.  The patty is roughly the size of a hockey puck, perfectly round with beautiful char marks, fresh LTO and topped with amazing manchego cheese and smoked applewood bacon. And please don't forget to order the duck fat fries........you will not be disappointed.  

The bar is chocked full of interesting and off-the-cuff whiskeys and bourbons.  My husband got a few "custom" drinks that were not on the menu....very creative, extremely tasty.....these are not your run-of-the mill frou frou drinks.  

Be prepared to wait for a table.... this place is jumping!  Cozy up to a spot at the bar and order a libation that you wouldn't normally get.  The drinks, the burgers, and the lively atmosphere is addictive.......I am excitedly awaiting my return trip!
man, the village burger is legen- wait for it...

came here on a monday night with a friend from out of town. we were in the area and while yelping restaurants around us, this one popped up. since i'd always heard great things about the burgers here, we decided to give it a try. 

even at 8:30pm on a monday, this place was packed. granted, it's tiny inside and there's only a few tables so it should always look packed. there's a lot of bar/counter space, but i prefer a table for dinner. good thing adrien grenier (what was he doing in philly anyway?) and his party left 5 mins after we got there and so we were practically seated right away.

i started with the classic cocktail and my friend got some beer that i can't appreciate enough to remember. my cocktail was so yummy! i've developed a newfound love for brandy and bourbon recently, and this cocktail had plenty of the former. i figured monday night was not the best time to get drunk off bourbon, so i'll save that for next time.

then came our food. all i can say is o.m.g. (you so sexy). this is probably the best restaurant burger i've had in a long time. the meat is thick and juicy. i ordered medium rare and the inside was mostly pink with a touch of red. so perfect! my friend's medium burger was even a light shade of pink the whole way through. the sesame bun is genius. and the cherry on top of it all? it's only $11! the closest comparison i've ever had was at least twice as expensive.

my friend and i also shared an order of tater tots. while i like jose garces's interesting take on this classic grade school appetizer, i wasn't as overwhelmed by it. its accompanying dipping sauce is good though. we opted out of the duck fat fries because honestly, two asian girls just cannot eat that much.

...DARY.
We stumbled upon this place just walking around town and I am so grateful we did! It was such a great experience! The food was amazing! The drinks were so delicious! The service was great! I can't wait to go back!

Update: I went back to bring my husband because I was with my friend the first time.. we didn't make reservations and they squeezed us in anyway.  It was a great experience again! Great food! Great drinks! Thank you for seating us without a reservation! It really made our night!
There are only so many ways I can saw wow.  From now on, I will question anyone who says "Blah blah blah has my favorite burger..." with "Have you been to Village Whiskey?" Because it's really that good. It's an all around phenomenal burger.

Dan and I had lunch here last week. It was a beautiful day, and Village Whiskey has some great outdoor seating.  They run tables along the wall like most places, but they have a bit more room than normal and an awning to provide shade.  We didn't step inside, but I'm sure it has a nice atmosphere.  The service during our whole meal was good; I'd be surprised to find anything less at a place like this.  

True to its name, this spot has an incredible selection of whiskey.  We didn't partake, but I'd like to at some point.  The beer list is decent, even though everything is one or two more dollars than it should be.  There are about six draft beers that rotate, along with a decent bottle list, including about ten large format bottles.  We split a 25oz bottle of red and white for $25, which isn't bad at all.  This Dogfish Head beer is a a whit aged in pinot noir barrels.  I really love it.

We both went with the burger.  There's an option to get a $24 burger with blue cheese, bacon and foie gras on top.  It sounds like overkill to me.  I went with the regular burger with blue cheese.  When it came out, I didn't like the looks of the burger.  Large chunks of blue cheese topped a patty that looked larger than a hockey puck.  I thought this huge patty was ridiculously oversized.  It only took one bite to change my mind.  To start, the burger was more tender and juicy than any other I've had.  Second, the ground beef was so lightly packed that it was almost barely formed.  This gave the meat great texture, and was why the patty seemed so large.  The burger was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The blue cheese was a fantastic addition; it's quickly becoming my favorite cheese for burgers. 

The burgers don't come with any sides, so we put in an order of fries.  We decided to splurge and order the duck fat fries topped with Sly Fox cheddar sauce and braised short ribs.  It's a bit of overkill.  It's also delicious.  Every part of this side dish is well executed.  If you can forget that it's well over 1000 calories, you'll be able to enjoy these beefy cheddar fries.  To be honest, I think I'll order the plain fries next time.

Bottom Line: The burger here is amazing, and it's reason enough to visit.  It's a bit pricey, but that's what you should expect for the area.  If you eat meat, I highly recommend coming here.  A little more effort in the beer list is desired, but other than that Village Whiskey doesn't disappoint.  I look forward to my next visit.
This place keeps getting better.  I love when there isn't so much on a menu that you're completely overwhelmed, this place keeps it simple, amazing burgers, amazing fries with the best cheese sauce ever, and a few other great choices.  This is definitely a must try in Philly, as well as a staple for when you are really craving a good burger.  

The food: The burgers seem to have gotten larger since I was here last, I could barely finish mine.  I love that you can customize the burger with so many options, fried egg? yes please!  The burger of the month this month was Mexican inspired and I can't remember everything that was on it but it had a great kick, and chorizo on the bottom that so perfectly finished it off - was it kind of a meat overload, yes, is that always a bad thing, definitely not in this case, it was one of the best burgers I have ever had.  As always the fried were perfect, and the fried pickles were probably the best I've ever had. 

The booze: Oh the important stuff... I love whiskey, and if you do too you have to try this place.  They have whiskey flights in 3 options all with a generous pour, and a huge list of other whiskey to choose from, the largest list I've seen in the city.  They also have great whiskey cocktails if you don't feel like drinking it straight, I would recommend the commador.  There are many other drinks, wine and beers if whiskey isn't your thing.  

The services: as always just wonderful.  Everyone is friendly and helpful here.  The hostesses were great.  We were on a waiting list and they simply take down you number and txt you when your table is ready so you can go have a drink somewhere else if they are too crowded.  

It was also really nice to sit outside this time of year.  There is plenty of seating around the restaurant outside, and they seem to be able to accommodate large groups out there.
This review is for happy hour during COVID. We have always loved Village Whiskey but hated not being able to make a reservation. With the addition of so many outdoor seats, they now accept reservations! Their happy hour is great - $7 handmade cocktails. The Rose Gold is so refreshing and delicious. We also got $1 oysters and the freshest, most flavorful fried pickles I have ever eaten. Not greasy at all. Only complaint is that we were seated on the street (with a barrier), and people drive by SO fast during rush hour down 20th that I thought we were going to be hit by a car or someone's mirror. Overall will definitely be back!
Still one of the best burgers you can get in Philly. However, the quality is the drinks seems to have diminished with the turnover of bartenders. On this visit I ordered a Sazerac that lacked the characteristic absinthe wash, making for a rather dull libation. I would still go back for the burger, but it's not what it used to be.
A strong 4 stars for Village Whiskey from me!
A good friend and fellow yelper squeaked into the bar at around 8:45 PM on a snowy Tuesday.  There just happened to be 2 great seats waiting for us.  (I don't know if this place is worth a long wait)

Service from Sasha was excellent and she is so friendly and helpful.
We started off with an order of fried pickles and shared the DELICIOUS pickled artichokes.  (These are the best thing I tasted that night and worth a re-order)

My companion had a delectable veggie burger topped with a fried egg (Wowza!) and guacamole.  The lady next to us had a beef burger topped with an egg as well and they sure know how to fry an egg here!
(Incidentally the couple next to us also shared the duckfat fries topped with shortribs and cheese sauce - looked so heavy - like a heart attach on a plate.  I bet it ROCKED!

Anyhow, we continued with an order of "tater tots' that were so rrefined they'd put Ore-Ida to shame.

And an order of pickled golden and red beets that I wound up barely touching and had packed up to go.

The best thing to me?  The delicious lemon oil-scented whipped ricotta that accompaied the pickled dishes.  Also a tasty tapenade and fresh, thin slices of baguette.  Nice!

I will definitely come back here.

What a cute (albeit small) "retro" feeling place.
I used to think this place was so amazing.  I used to think that no one could make burgers as good as them.  I used to think that it was warranted paying $65 for two drinks, a burger, and some fries.  I used to think all of these things.

Places that are so busy all the time lose something.  Village whiskey is expensive.  It's not necessarily too expensive.  I just don't think the quality matches the quantity of bills I spend there.

On my day off, I sit around here and think, 'Where am I going to eat today?'  I can spend $7 on excellent Pho.  $15 on Dim Sum.  $20 at Han Dynasty...  or I can spend anywhere from $40-$80 at Village Whiskey and probably get worse service.  Don't get me wrong, they serve great burgers.  My advice is to try it once or twice, have a well made manhattan, get your fill and don't go back.  For someone that eats out constantly, this place is simply not worth it.

If you want two craft beers and a good burger for 26 bucks go to Side bar in West Chester.  They have a burger called the inferno burger, it has raw jalapeños and cheddar cheese on the inside with a chipotle glaze on the outside -screw what you heard.
We dropped into Village Whiskey after work on a rainy Thursday evening, before heading over to Helium for my anniversary gift and the event of my lifetime thusfar second only to birth (my childhood and adulthood favorite comedian, Adam Carolla, live in the flesh). Although I am not a meat eater, I have heard excellent things about their burger and to repay Michael for the tickets that he paid for, I wanted to treat him to a the best patty of meat and various toppings between two pieces of bread possible. Also, it's literally around the corner from Helium. This helped with the decision making.

I ordered the veggie burger (black bean & lentil, with guac & pickled red cabbage), plus bleu cheese, and Mike had the burger plus bleu cheese, also. He had a particularly strong adult beverage and I had an orange creme soda that tasted like a creamsicle and/or the creamsicle flavored flouride foam at the dentist, depending on who you talk to. My burger was delicious. The patty is soft, but I wasn't put off by that at all. The bleu cheese was the best, and the guac & pickled cabbage were awesome. We agreed that the bun was buttery and soft and tasty, a little toasted, which is always a nice touch. I tried to get Mike to describe what makes their burger so delicious and he just said the meat tastes good. This is obviously a difficult thing to articulate, but you get the idea. It was awesome. The presentation is no frills. It's a burger on a plate. We also had the vegetarian fries, a compromise in my favor. They were tasty although some were chewier than others, maybe a little overcooked, but I'm not complaining since they're an "off-the-menu" item to begin with.

We were sat next to these stuffy old cornflakes who were getting soused on prosecco and the woman ordered the veggie burger, no bun, with sliced avocado instead of guacomole (wtf) and when the husband's burger came he cut it into dainty little wedges and ate it with a fork (wtf).

J.G. obviously knows his stuff.
I've been wanting to go here for the longest time ever since I saw it on Food Network way back. I wasn't really craving anything to heavy at the time unfortunately, so I ended up getting the veggie burger. I'm by no means a vegetarian, but they did a really good job with the veggie burger patty. I think it could've used a little more zing (maybe some jalapeños blended with the guacamole?) and perhaps some pickled toppings, but overall not too bad for what it was. Definitely looking forward to trying there actual meat burgers next time though, which I'm sure are incredible. 

On a side the note we got a cocktail that was a mix with vodka, passion fruit, and a few other ingredients and it was insanely delicious. Can't remember the name unfortunately, but if you see that description on the drink menu I would highly recommend !
This is the second time I've been to Village Whiskey- the first time was a huge disappointment, but I gave Village Whiskey a pass because 1. I didn't get the Village Burger, and 2. I got my order to go.

The second time, unfortunately, was not much better.

I went at 2:00pm on a Saturday, and while there were no available tables, there were a few seats at the bar so I sat down. I ordered a Smuttynose Robust Porter, Crawfish Hush Puppies, and the Village Burger, medium rare. 

The beer wasn't bad, although I'm not a fan of dark beers, it wasn't too bitter and had an okay taste. Not much else to say, except I wish they had more wheat beers available. But it's a Whiskey Bar, so I can't really blame them for lack of beer variety.

The Crawfish Hush Puppies were next- they looked like crabcakes in the shape of  fish sticks. They came with a green sauce on the side, which was fantastic, but the Hush Puppies on their own seemed a bit bland and unseasoned. I wish I had asked for more of the sauce, but I wanted to see if the Hush Puppies could stand on their own, which they couldn't.

The Village Burger, which this place is apparently famous for, came next. To preface this part of the review, I had high expectations after having heard that it was one of the best burgers in all of Philadelphia. If this is the best burger Philadelphia has to offer, I'd rather go to Shake Shack across the street. Basically, it tasted like a regular burger to me. There was a nice sauce on the buns, the burger was cooked nicely, but it wasn't seasoned well and overall was quite disappointing. It could be because I didn't get any extra toppings on it, but a burger should at least be seasoned and have a flavor of its own... I did not taste anything special.

The service was acceptable- the bartender was alert and ready to help, but the servers brought food to the wrong people... twice. 

Overall, the beer was a 3, the burger was a 2, the hush puppies were a 3.5, and the service was a 3.5. I'd like to try more of their appetizers (which reminds me, they ran out of deviled eggs! How do you run out of deviled eggs before 2pm on a Saturday?!) and alcohol in the future, but I'm not desperate to go back any time soon.
On a scale of one to things that are awesome, this place is the bomb. 

I was drawn in by the promise of the duckfat frenchfries. Took the boy for his birthday and put our name in, had a drink around the corner while we waited and were given seats at the bar after about 45 minutes. 

We were waited on by Keith, the bartender, who was congenial, knowledgeable about his whiskeys and an all-around cool guy. We started with 3 cape may salts (two for me, one for the boy) and tater tots, both of which made me happy.

For dinner, I got Kentucky Fried Quail (stellar, though the succotash was not as exciting as I wanted it to be) and the boy got the 24$ Fois Gras burger, which was incredible. Worth every penny. The duckfat fries were pretty yummy, but not even the best part of the meal. I could've done without the cheese sauce, but as it was on the side I wasn't deterred.

I look forward to coming back here, with everyone I know.
It's been said that this place has the best burger in the city.  Sure, there are a few others that also try to stake their claim at that title, but I'd be hard-pressed to find it after trying Village Whiskey this past Sunday.  It's been on my bucket list since I've moved here and finally! It was worth the wait.  The place is known for a crowd and wait given it's size, so I was happy to enjoy a nice afternoon there with my girlfriend with it half empty.  Even then, service and taste was not compromised.

I love that you can go for the signature burger or simply do their version of the plain burger with a variety of options to add to it- I went with the cheddar, bacon, and egg.   The menu is also simple, but different, including pickled items.  Not too much to look at, and sometimes that's good, especially when you know what you're in the mood for.  The fries and tots were some of the best I've ever tasted too.

I also do not consider myself a whiskey connoisseur, but there's a separate menu for that alone.  So for all the whiskey lovers out there, don't let the name fool you.  If you're a beer guy, not a huge list, so keep your expectations reasonable.

Looking forward to revisiting and trying some of the other things on the menu...
So my experience here is slightly biased, and may not be fair for two reasons:

1) We got takeout
2) We didn't order the Village Burger (which we found out later is supposed to be absolutely legendary)

My brother and I came in one evening in a rush - I was about to be late for my bus ride back to NYC.  We ordered the duck fat fries to share, the Kentucky Hot Brown and the Pulled Pork Sammy.  Everything to go.

Duck fat fries: if my fries are fried (which all fries are) AND have additional duck fat added to it, they better be really really good fries.  "Duck fat" doesn't even have a good ring to it.  If the fried fries aren't spectacular AND I'm eating duck fat, that's just not a good situation.  The fries weren't good at all.  They have an option with cheese, and perhaps those are better?

Kentucky Hot Brown:  I'll start from the bottom - slice of toast, then ham, then bacon, then some cheese.  I'm not sure what's worse, the fact that this was a TINY dish, or the fact that I could have re-created this entire dish with 4 ingredients from Costco.  The ham was dry, and the toast and bacon were nothing special - regular toast and bacon.  But it was really, really so small.  When I got back to NYC, I went to my local deli/grocery store and asked for sliced ham, cheese and bacon - it ended up tasting the same, but for $5, not $12.

Pulled Pork Sammy: like every other pulled pork sandwich I've ever had

The one redeeming quality here is that our bartender gave us a set of real silverware for the Kentucky Hot Brown because they ran out of plastic silverware.  I think that speaks to 1) the level of service and 2) the character of the bartender; I know plenty of places that would just pretend they forgot the silverware, or tell us that they didn't have any more.  Awfully nice of the bartender, and so thank you for that.

Look, I recognize that this review is probably overly harsh.  Village Whisky had great ambiance and service (even though we did takeout), and we didn't order the Village Burger (which we should have).  We just spent $45 for food that wasn't really that great.
as far as chilin out and drinking with some friends this is best garces restaurant to do it in. the ambience and music is very relaxing and inviting, now the cocktails, the corpse reviver and the comodore were my fav and my boyfriend had a few that were tasty but how many of those things can you have so we switched over to beer which was a good selection as well. we only had the oysters, pickeled  artichoke, beet, tomatoe and the duck fat shortrib fries which were no joke delicious!
