Vintage continues to deliver. No, no, not literally - though that would be insanely awesome - but they still deliver in quick-yet-personable service (thanks Bryan, and others), mood, and in both their food and drink offerings. Relax with a glass of red (or opt for a wine flight), and munch on baked brie. Their bruschetta is always dependable, as is their calamari.

They're still not Tria, but I'm fine with that. There's a time and place for each, and what fun is having no choices?
It turned out we weren't the only people in Philly that wanted to drink on a Saturday afternoon, and Vintage Wine was essentially the only place in the area that eight of us could sit* at the same table. Lucky for us too, because Vintage Wine is a very nice little spot we might not have stumbled upon otherwise. 

While I usually prefer to order wine in a wine bar, I couldn't resist starting with the White & Wild cocktail. Not just because it describes at least a few of the friends I was with, but because it was composed of Vodka, St. Germain, white wine, and more. I like when people mix alcohol with other alcohol and then pour in some more alcohol...and then give it to me. And damn, that shit is refreshing. As was all the wine I sampled afterward.

They have food here, as well, if you didn't know. I know that people have been known to say that we eat first with our eyes, but I tend to disagree. I eat with my mouth, and presentation usually takes a back seat to taste in my mind. But here at Vintage, the meat and cheese plates are actually stunning. I don't know who is artfully arranging fruit and nuts and compotes around a nice array of charcuterie back there, but I really, really appreciate you. Not every place takes such pride in their pear spirals, and you sir or madam, are truly talented.

Now that I'm thinking about it, I like the whole aesthetic in this spot...from the enormous wine bottle chandelier to the glowing cork wall in the back to the tasteful bathroom decor. 

Plus, they have a lot of wine. I'd come back. 
______________
*There were plenty of bars where we could stand and drink, but I'm a crotchety old man these days, and I like hearing what my friends have to say.
My first time to Vintage Wine bar was during restaurant week and it was a really fun time. The place is beautiful,  the massive chandelier is gorgeous,  all the dark wood,  it's a really great place to grab a bite to eat and drink. 

Because we couldn't decide we each went with a wine fight,  I did white,  Missy went with sparkling. No way was I passing up duck rillette,  it was delicious, and loved the grilled bread with it. Very flavorful. The escargot in a herbed cream sauce was tasty but a bit heavy for me.  The veggie risotto was calling my name and it was good but the main flavor coming out was red pepper. The rice was cooked perfectly though. It was a nice & hearty dish. And finally,  bread pudding. Had a crispy outside,  fluffy soft center. Two thumbs up on dessert. 

Fantastic wine,  fun menu and at a great location,  I'll definitely head back for a happy hour.
I felt like a bonafide grownup when I hung out at Vintage the other night...maybe it was the fact that I was drinking some smooth wine while listening to some sensual music under fantastic mood lighting, but why analyze? I had a great time and the bartenders were attentive and helpful. My husband had one of the specials and I had my beloved Riesling, a perfect apres-Lolita treat. 

When it's time for your to graduate from beer (or just mix it up a bit), be sure to check out the adult grape juice here.
Ever since I came across Vintage in an battered in-flight magazine, I've been dreaming of wine.

Friday night, two of us stopped in for a drink. My friend pulled me past the unmanned host station (complete with sign: "Please wait to be seated"), securing a table by the bar. A crowd filled the patio and then some, making conversation and clattering silverware, a din that fit nicely with the upbeat music. (Throw in the dimly-lit interior, and you've got a good third date spot.) Vintage isn't Tria, but sometimes you don't want Tria.

An impressive, steampunk wine bottle chandelier looms above the bar, a bar which stocks a surprising amount of liquor for a wine bar. (No complaints here.) Of course, there's wine: my friend enjoyed her Riesling, while I found my glass - an aromatic South African Vrede en Lust, Karien '06 ($7) - to be challenging, taking a bit of warming up to.

We sampled their escargot ($11), which came with snail tongs and forks, but not a ton of flavor. Not terribly disappointing, and the butter was tasty enough. The red pepper and basil bruschetta ($6.50) was better, with a fresh crispness. When we were done, our table was cleared straightaway. Considering how busy it was, we were pleased with the service. Duane (?) and Mike were pleasant, and gave us plenty of attention.

I'll be back to Vintage to try a wine flight; don't forget to check out the chalkboard specials behind the bar!
Good God, I'm a pain in the ass sometimes. 

But it's not my fault (okay it is), but my liver, palate and soul and I have spent sooooo much time learning about wines, developing likes and dislikes, that at this point, I know exactly what I like and if a place doesn't have it, well, it's a real bummer for me.

The other night, I wanted my standard craving for a "full-bodied," "robust," "ass-kicking," "big red," with a "white peppery finish" and a "whole lotta spice" filled. Those are the words I said and that's not what they brought. Which was a bummer, because out of thirst we settled on a wine that wasn't very good and honestly I wish I would have just gone with something else instead.

However, the burger here was really good. I was famished by the time we got here and so honestly, an old mop with some cheese on it would have been fine. But this was no mop, it was a tasty dish and I really liked it. The decor is also pretty solid and is very cool. Dug it a lot.

My only advice to Vintage would be to carry a few more masculine wines. I want a wine that will put me in an erotic choke hold or at least pull my hair and slap my booty. Can you work on that?

Jesus, I have issues.
If I were a restaurant, I would be Vintage.  Very modern, but less trendy & more classy.  You can find exposed brick walls anywhere downtown, but where else will you find votives tucked into niches in those brick walls?  The painted walls glow in deep yellow and the floors glow in polished wood.  It's very warm in Vintage, which I love, and the experienced servers have personality.  Best of all, the ambient music rocks.

Last night I tried the pate.  It's not my thing, but my dining partner said it was quite good.  I also went for the angus burger.  Calling it hearty is an understatement.  This is a substantial cut of peppered meat topped with some thick but lean slices of bacon and a roasted red pepper.  You've got your greens, some cheese, and a browned bun as well.  I ate half and had no room for dessert... that was a shame b/c the creme brulee and chocolate pot looked equally decadent and delicious.  Next time I'm coming for dessert & drinks.
Vintage has been on my to-try list for a while, and last night I finally got to check it out.  The wine selections were great~ I saw a couple of my favs featured which was cool, as well as some others that were unfamiliar and interesting.  There were probably two or three wines that were not available when we tried to order them, but there were so many to choose from that it didn't make much of a difference. 

After a couple glasses of white, I had the liquid courage to try something new to me-- escargot.  They reminded me of mussels, taste and consistency-wise, but in prettier shells.  I would try them again somewhere else for comparison purposes, but I don't think they will become my new favorite thing.

My dining companion compared the gorgonzola and fig bruschetta to a jelly sandwich mixed with Fig Newtons.  I'm certain that's what the people at Vintage were trying to accomplish.  The cheese plate was presented nicely on a tiered stand; there was a whole bunch of fruit on one plate, a whole bunch of sliced baguette on another and a whole bunch of available real estate on the cheese plate.  Paging Donald Trump.  Don't get me wrong, there were four different samplings and each was very good, but the wedges were only slightly larger than the ones in the childhood game, Mouse Trap.  

To sum it up, Vintage is a nice place if you are going for a side of ambiance with your vino, but I'd recommend Tria if you are looking for a decent accompaniment in the food category.
There aren't too many proper wine bars in this city, and I know Tria is the obvious favorite, but let me tell you why, even though I love Tria, I would actually say Vintage is superior in several key ways.

Vintage offers an extensive wine selection, with plenty of affordable but delicious bottles, and a wide selection of wines by the glass. The servers are knowledgeable about the wine and are quick to offer samples from the menu. Last time I was there, I was looking for a tart but not too sweet white, and the server allowed me to try three different wines before making my choice. Very accommodating and friendly. 

They also offer a pretty decent beer bottle selection, and the food is relatively cheap, with a burger and other similar entrees clocking in at only $11. I've personally never eaten here, but friends of mine have, and have said it ranged from just OK to great. So, Vintage may not be a go to spot for food, but if you're going for amazing wine, and an extensive selection, the food comes secondary anyway. 

Another plus about this spot is that even though it's hip and top quality, it's rarely over-crowded, and it's often easy to find a seat or spot at the bar even on weekends, making it an ideal place to start or stop your night of bar crawling, or for a brief repose from a day of running errands or splurging at J. Crew (not referring to myself here).

If your personality isn't abhorrent, this is an easy win for a first date drink. This is also a good place to dump someone, too. Plenty of delicious wine to take your mind off of reality. If only we had more wine bars like this in Philly.
Fortunately for me, I am hanging out with a serious foodie who is exposing me to all the neat restaurants in the city.

We have come here twice-once after an opera and another after the symphony. Both times have been great, as I really enjoy the wine specials here.  I did a red wine from Argentina the first time, which was amazing...and even tried some escargo.

The second time I went with their salmon appetizer (bruschetta?), which for $7 was very delicious. I really enjoyed it and also the attractive company that I had with me. They also have a great list of beers

Overall, the service has been pretty good here, with the wait staff being very friendly and the ambience being more low-key and relaxed.
Vintage is sexy, no two ways about it.  Their music is sexy (was that RJD2 I heard on the stereo?  I believe it was), their lighting is sexy, and their wines - smooth and exquisite - are definitely sexy.

Their bathrooms... could use some work.  I'm not a fan of paper towel waste strewn about the (damp!) floor.  I'm not a fan of funky smells, either.  This definitely detracted from my otherwise swanky experience.  But, to be fair, the other bathroom was clean and not a problem.

Come here for the wine, but eat before you go - the food here is good, but overpriced.  I say this not with regard to the quality of the food, but rather the quantity.  I ended up paying twice what I usually pay and getting less than half as much.  For the few hours I spent at Vintage, I could play at being a sophisticated adult, but after paying the bill and walking out, I was harshly reminded that I am barely out of college with an entry-level salary - I'll happily go back, but not on my own nickel.
The gorgonzola and fig sounded like a good idea, but then was difficult to eat. Vintage Wine Bar, please let us put together our own apps. The brie en croute was ok. The mussels were also o.k. They arrived in an awkward three tier contraption. The lamb was ok. The wine was ok. Service was ok. The theme here is that you can have an ok experience at Vintage Wine Bar.

Let diners keep the wine menu! It will increase sales.
My friend and I had a generally good time here courtesy of both the food and wine. I ordered the burger maison - it was cooked perfectly and was topped with gruyere and sauteed onions. I also tried the red wine flight and finished with another red - all great.

My only disappointment was the cramped seating arrangements of the high tables/chairs and the general indifference of our waiter. He would only occasionally check in with us, such that we were there from 7:00 pm-ish until at least 10 pm. That is essentially how long it took for us to be able to successfully order two rounds of drinks and dinner. 

I attribute this wait to his unwillingness to stick around to answer any of our questions or offer recommendations. If we seemed unsure of what we wanted to order, he would answer "no problem, I'll come back" and then immediately turn his back. At one point I was asking him what a good equivalent to a Malbec would be, not realizing he had already left.

I will definitely be back regardless.
I have been here about 30 times over the last few years.  The service is always exceptional, everyone is friendly & wants to be a friend rather than just a bartender.  The selection of wines is vast & ever changing as is the menu.  
I am a vegetarian and Vintage always offers several options, none of which have ever disappointed.  
Their veggie burger is home made & delicious, some times I get the fries & sometimes a side salad.  The wine flights are a fun way to try different regions & the bartenders are so knowledgeable they can always make a suggestion that you're sure to like. 
The place is small & but the atmosphere is big & fun.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
A couple girlfriends and I arrived around 5:30 for Center City Sips (great timing!) and noticed most of the outside tables were taken, the bar was pretty full but the bar height tables along the wall were completely empty.  The interior space was pretty loud.  

A waiter greeted us at the host stand & told us that the bar tables were open for CC Sips and we could take over as many as we'd like (we were a group of 3 waiting for 1 more), but the other tables were reserved for dining customers.  That was perfect!  Another waiter helped us push the tables together so that we wouldn't be in the way of the bar.  He was also very helpful. 

Then we got settled in.  We had some menus, chatted and 10-15 minutes later started glancing longingly at the bar.  We were mistakenly under the impression that we'd order drinks from the table, at least that's how it was the last time I drank here.  After watching us sit there for some time the same waiter who greeted us in the beginning told us we had to order from the bar.  I innocently said, "Thanks, I'm glad someone let us know."  I wasn't being snarky, or sarcastic, I was genuinely happy he said something to us.  He laughed and nastily replied, "I already told you that at the door."  Maybe he did, but I certainly didn't hear him and a minor miscommunication shouldn't have warranted such an attitude from the staff.

At the bar I ordered a house white wine (I saw a blackboard that read house red + white wine $3 for Sips).  Our conversation went something like this:

Bartender: "What do you want?"
Me: "House white, please."
Bartender: "What kind, we have three."
Me: "Oh, what..." (cutoff)
Bartender: "They're listed in the menu that you have on your table, page blah blah blah."

How hard is it for a bartender to list three wines off the top of his head?!  Instead I had to go back to my table, get the menu & find the page before ordering my wine.

Besides those minor hiccups, our night was really fun, thank goodness for great company!  The bar area got PACKED by 6:15 and we were very glad to have seats & a table.  Our wines (Pinot Grigio & Cabernet) were delicious.  We skipped ordering the flatbreads after seeing several come out of the kitchen because they were so tiny.  

I've worked many years in several different restaurants as a server and understand customers can be annoying, but the attitude I encountered here was enough to make me not want to come back.
I find Vintage a little hit and miss. When its not crowed I really like it, but when its packed and the music is turned up I'll skip it and hit some where else. I find it best when I can enjoy my wine and company with contending with the masses.

There is a good selection of wines, although I always order something the just ran out of (odd, eh). The burger is good and substantial, but I wish they'd go lighter on the salads and expand to some other choice, which I could  snack on with out distracting me from my drink.
Came here for sips on a Wednesday and got the beef croquettes with bernaise. Amazing!! Crisp on the outside, savory inside, sauce tasted like eggs with mayonnaise. Good portion of 6 for only $3. We sat outside and moved inside, which the staff was perfectly ok with. Great service, ambience, and unbeatable happy hour food/drink!
My boyfriend brought me here on Valentine's Day.

The atmosphere was great. The table placement made it intimate but not cramped, which made it perfect for a Valentine date. That isn't to say that this place wouldn't be great with a small group of friends... the bar seemed like a good place to sit and there were decently sized tables near the front window.

The people that worked there (the hostess, our waiter, the food runners) were all really friendly and our waiter was able to make a great wine recommendation.

We had the cheese sampler and the duck, which were both DELICIOUS. I'm not sure how frequently they change their wine selection, but when we went they had a great Grenache (Domaine Jaume, 2005) that went really well with the duck.

I'll definitely be back there again soon.
My husband and I stopped in here for an early Happy Hour, and we were pretty much the only people in the place, but I was happy with that.  I loved the interior, I'm quite the sucker for exposed brick, especially since moving to Arizona.  Even though we were there on a chilly, rainy, day Vintage was warm and inviting.
 
Not being one to turn down $3 glasses of wine, I dove right in.  I enjoyed my glass of the house white wine, and appreciated the fact that the bartender opened a new bottle for me instead of pouring me the end of the existing bottle.  The thing that really drew me to Vintage is the fact that they don't just serve wine.  Sometimes not everyone wants wine, you know?   Looking over the entire wine list I was pleased to find reasonably priced wines that looked as if they were carefully selected.  

If I ever move back to Philly I'm pretty sure Vintage would be in my regular rotation.  In fact, I'm sure of it.
We stopped in during Sips while we waited for our table to become available at Sampan. When the server/host came up, I asked if we could sit anywhere for happy hour (it was 6:15-6:30). The guy said happy hour was over. I asked, "Even Sips?" The server pointed and said Sips was in the bar, self-service only. I realize I only asked about happy hour, but I would expect he would have at least mentioned Sips. 

Equally disinterested was the bartender, no matter how nice I tried to be. My husband picked up on it too when he got a drink at the bar. Bummer, as we love wine bars, but with both employees we encountered being grumpy, we quickly finished our drinks and moved onto the next place.
More of a early fall and late spring haunt for me - Vintage holds a special place in my heart as the first bar I visited in Philly after moving home.  It is so far my favorite wine bar.

The atmosphere and servers here are awesome.  These are true sommeliers - so ask questions about wine and learn a few things while you're there.  They have good house wines - but I swoon over some of the bottles available here.  Most particularly a South African Malbec called Tumara Bellevue.  If you don't know what you like in a wine - this is a good place to go and try to describe what you'd like to the waitress.

The menu can be a little weak at times.  Occasionally I'll see something on the specials list which will make for a good meal - most notably their Skate Wing... which has set the bar against which I judge everyone else's skate.  They also had a killer roast duck last fall.  But no matter what you get, order the Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta to start... the balsamic reduction they use for it is amazing... and the calimari is typically good although at times inconsistent.

Long story short - this is one of my favorite happy hour spots... but if you're looking for a place to hole up for the night I'd plan to start or end here and check the specials menu before you decide where to eat.
Philly is a surprisingly happening place at 5:30 on a Friday night, so the two open seats at the bar at Vintage was a thrilling seat since we were starving and in dire need to quench our thirst with a tasty adult beverage. I ordered an Allagash White and it was served with a lemon slice which I have never experienced before and it really added to the flavor of the beer. My friend has a Wagner's Cider and enjoyed it immensely...I mean who doesn't love a good cider now and again. For dinner we shared an appetizer, two entrees, and a dessert. The appetizer we chose was the Bruschetta with Gorgonzola cheese, fig, radish, green apple, and celery leaf and the juxtaposition of the savory, sweet, and tart components mixed with the creaminess of the cheese and the crispness of the bread was HEAVENLY and my friend is still talking about it several days later. For our entrees, we shared the shrimp that was served on what seemed liked a Tzatziki and had tomatoes, capers, cucumber and micro greens with a wedge of lemon. The shrimp were unbelievably fresh and I was extremely impressed with the light flavor and texture of the shrimp. It was the perfect pairing for the Steak Frites which is much heavier. However, the reason for the deduction of a star is because the steak had absolutely no seasoning or flavor WHATSOEVER (although it was tender and cooked to a perfect medium rare), and the fries were so salty it was as if I was licking on a Himalayan brick of salt. For dessert, we shared the Profiteroles with vanilla ice cream instead of the traditional cream within the pastry. I actually liked it very much and loved the caramel sauce that I was scraping off the plate to make sure none went to waste. The service was great, the ambiance very cool, and the food overall quite good. I would go back just for the bruschetta again. I loved the chandelier made from wine bottles and thought the art that adorns the walls is eclectic and  cool.
I stopped by here on a Saturday night around 10:30 pm with my BF, and we were seated indoors but next to the open windows (since it was warm outside). The table was tiny, which worked out for us anyways since we only ordered wines. 

I had this place on my list in hopes of getting wine and cheese plates, but since we came here after dinner, we were way too stuffed to eat anything. So, we ordered 3 glasses of wine total - Merlot, Malbec, and Cab. I don't remember the names of the Malbec and Merlot we ordered, but Uppercut (from Napa Valley) was the Cabernet we got, and it was DELISH. We ordered olives later in the night which were delicious but were pitted which I hate :( Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend!
Oenophiles listen up!  This the place to get your drink on.  Vintage has a fantastic wine menu.  Whites, rosés, sparkling, reds, dessert wines - they have it all!  Whenever, I feel "Sideways"-ish, this is the place I go to.

A glass of vin will run you between $8 to $12 (one or two are priced at $13) -  I particularly like their sections of  unusual reds and whites - which never seem to dissapoint.

Their space is warm, narrow and it can get packed on a weekend night. It's also a fun place to get your afternoon buzz on.  Food is price-y, portions small - but quite good - (I've noticed a major improvement in the last year) -Also, be sure to try the specials - their steak tartare left me breathless.

Oh yeah and you've gotta love their huge kick ass wine bottle chandelier.
A really really cute wine bar. Very busy on the weekends, so make sure you plan to eat there if you want a seat. They won't seat drinkers only. 

I would love to go back and try more of the wines and snacks.
I came to this place solely to close out my bingo sheet of 13th street establishments however its presence has come to my attention  and poked me on the shoulder whenever I have ventured over to sampan/graffiti bar/double knot. 

This place has happy hour. $3 beers, $4 wines, $4 champ or sangria with some enticing food choices. The house cut fries were served to another table and HOLY FUCK BALLS did they look DI-VINE. Unfortunately I'm doing the whole keto thing now so I had to pass. Not that it's particularly efficacious given my scale's reading this am. 

I was starving so we went with the meat and cheese duo. Meat was prosciutto and cheese was something extended on a branch of brie's family tree. (this is said by someone wholeheartedly devoted to and a frequent consumer of but without any real legitimate knowledge of cheese). Accompanied by strawberry slices, stone-ground mustard, craisins, and literally, I am not joking here, the largest capers I have ever swooped my line of vision over. Unfortunately I could only eat the cheese and mustard, the capers were honestly probably about the same size or larger than the cheese provided. I ate my share of the one alien caper and honestly, its size creeped me out a little bit. 

Still hungry and pissed that happy hour at this place ends at 6:30 I considered going to another place that has the decency to extend the specials to the routine time of 7pm. Laziness overwhelmed me and we just stayed put. 

I ordered the bistro salad, tachycardic secondary to the mention of haricot verts because I am quite the fan of those little guys but also containing other frequent salad ingredients (ie: lettuce) and egg and some dressing. This was pretty good actually, despite the fact that I'm pretty sure there weren't actually any haricot verts? Pants on fire.

Anyways, this place is good in a standard kind of way. Not overwhelmed but not disappointed.
My favorite Favorite FAVORITE wine bar in the city!!!   This place has my heart and I just can't get enough.  My husband and I usually visit Vintage either before or after we eat  at one of the neighboring restaurants.....it is the perfect date spot.....quiet, dimly lit, very romantic.  The selection of wines from all over the world is seriously impressive, I love being able to leaf through the wine menu and not see wines that you can purchase at your neighborhood liquor store. ...it adds to the ambiance and specialness of Vintage.  For those non-wine drinkers they also have a commodious beer and liquor selection.

Their prices are extremely reasonable and their happy hours specials are always enticing, they also have rotating chalkboard specials. 

What a fab little place.....perhaps one of the city's hidden gems.  I highly recommend!!!
The atmosphere in this place is great, and as other reviewers noted, they have a pretty good selection of wines by the glass, bottle, and flight.  The food is really good, though I have had much better charcuterie plates. 

4 stars because of the service: The server did not offer to describe any of the wines nor answer questions. When prompted, he told me only the varietals, which I already knew.  IMO, the reason to go to a wine bar is to try new wines and learn just a little about them.  The staff at Tria is a lot more helpful and knowledgeable.
This was the first stop for us upon arriving to the 13th st Festival. I had been wanting to try this place for a while its been a bookmark for a while unfortunately it left me w/ mixed feelings. 
The Pros: service was great initially we were at a high bar area two top and Vinny P joined us a little later in our time here so our server was gracious enough to move us to a larger table. The wine list has some impressive options for anyones palate. The decor/ambiance was awesome. 
The Cons: the food i wasn't really empresses with the amount of options and the though we didn't order the cheese board it walked by our table a few times and looked disappointingly small.

We started with the gorgonzola dip which was good quite creamy and very flavorful. The downside to this dish was the lack of crackers i think i counted 6 and the container in which the dip came was pretty big. 4 small cut up pieced of  fig and probably a 1/4 of a small granny smith apple was sliced down and served. The wine we chose was great and a steal at 6.00 a glass. I did sample the 5.00 sangria they offered outside and it was very good ! 
We added a side order of fries which came with a red pepper aioli they fries were a hit with the table and id def order them again. 

Price to portion ratio on the food items seemed a little less than average i over heard another table mention they weren't a fan of the cheese selections of accompaniments.

Id come back here for drinks before or after dinner i probably will stick to Tria for my cheese  and snack needs.
My wife and I stopped in for a drink and a dish...we were enjoyably made welcome in the low-light and warm environs of the bar.  The by-the-glass selection was good and we both were pulling from reds and whites with reckless abandon.

For food, we ordered a fois gras flan served with wine-glazed warmed peaches. This was yummy good, like savory 'chocolate' with our wine.

The service was prompt and professional and all around we had a great time.
I came here to meet with a few friends and my sister just last Wednesday for Center City Sips for the first time, and I was so disappointed by my experience, mainly because of the extremely rude server!

My sister and I met up early and arrived to see if we could eat a bit before we drank anything. We got a table for two and before we were seated, the server CLEARLY stated that if we were here for Sips, we'd have to sit at the bar, as seating was reserved for those who were "really" eating. We mentioned we would be eating, but we weren't so sure about our friends who would be joining us later. We were then escorted to our seats anyways. The server then made it clear (again) that we had to order from the regular menu, and NOT just the specials OR the sips menu, but we were allowed to if we ordered real food, so I decided I would order the seared duck breast so he wouldn't give us a hard time, and to meet him halfway.

Moments later, we were joined by our friends. We explained to them that we were eating "real food" and asked if they would be as well. Most of them didn't want to eat a full meal, and just decided to order something small or just drinks, and probably share. The server moves us to a larger table but then again explains to us that we ALL NEEDED to order from the regular menu. After viewing the menu, they decided that they didn't want to eat anything, even though I was still ordering my own plate from the regular menu. It wasn't enough...

Apparently, the waiter had a problem with that. He actually sat down WITH us on an empty chair and explained to us that we ALL needed to order from the regular menu. My friend explained that they weren't going to eat and that if it wasn't okay with him, we would just move to the bar area or something like he originally wanted us to do. The waiter then slowly  and "calmly" asks each and every one of us (5 total) what we would be ordering, to only receive two "real" orders from the menu from us, alongside various drinks and sips food specials. It really felt as though he was just trying to get as much money out of us as possible and we were just immediately turned off by how rude he was. We weren't even giving him a hard time... 

As soon as our food arrived, we scarfed it all down, with our drinks, and left as fast as we could to rush over to Sampan across the street for THEIR Sips. Mind you, we thought this place was classy, but apparently, the server has more sass than class.

I'm NEVER coming back here ever again, as long as that man is still working there.
Still a great little, cozy place to get your wine on - even though it seems as of late that bars, stores and restaurants are exploding around here, oh my!  Seriously, that stretch of 13th street (I REFUSE to call that area Midtown Village, that's lame-o) has changed so very much in the last 5 years, I can't get over it (but don't get me wrong I'm happy about it).  

In light of this continuous expansion (and along with it more variety of food options), I still recommend this place for drinking, but no longer for eating.  The kitchen hasn't impressed me in a long time (small portions, lackluster execution), and on my last visit, my to-go-item here as a special, the steak tartare, was barely edible.  Never as crowded but with just as good atmosphere as lovely Tria, Vintage is always a good option in case the former is packed.
The host tried to make us sit at the bar cos we were only here for drinks when they had quite a few vacant tables! But us four girls can't possibly have a good conversation at the bar! So we just plopped ourselves onto their cushy seats at the front. And we ordered food

The appetizers are very decently prized and go well with our wines. The Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta and the Provencial Bruschetta are very good. Bread goes so well with wine, IMO. I wouldn't try the escargots (uggghhh) but according to my friend who did (gross), they weren't cooked well (even grosser!). And I love how the foods are sometimes served in tiered trays. That somehow always seems to push it up a notch in the class level for me. Yes,even eating fries can be classy, if they are served on tiered trays- and funny enough thats exactly what happens here!

They serve a wide variety of wines and some beers and champagne. There's also the Flights ($15), which is a wine sampler consisting of 3 wines pre-picked.

What I like about Vintage is the creativity of their interior designs. The still-expanding wine-crate-panelled wall is such a brilliant idea. very beautiful and tasteful. the wine bottle chandelier is also very interesting.

Its dim and intimate and not at all intimidating. Allows for good conversation. Great date spot. Not sure if this is typical here but a particular gentleman bought us a bottle of wine and left - without giving us a chance to thank him. Lovely.
Whenever I think of going to a Wine Bar, I immediately think of Tria (mostly because I love cheese!).  But every now and again, I stop by Vintage for a few drinks, and every time I do, I remember how much I love this bar.  The decor is amazing- cozy and classy!  The atmosphere is so much less pretentious than Tria (and most wine bars), which I definitely appreciate, but the staff knows their wine.  My favorite game is the "pick me a wine" game, and the bartenders all play, albeit some with a little more enthusiasm than others.  I appreciate that they pour you a swallow first, to make sure that you like the wine that they pick for you (or that you pick for yourself), and that they are gracious if you just don't like it!  The food is always good, although not amazing (although the curried cauliflower soup on special last Saturday was decadent!).  All in all, I really love this bar... I just have to remember how much I love it and go back sooner this time!
There comes a rare occasion where you crawl upon a place and make note of it for its curious decor, exposed brick walls, and abundant selection of wines. But as wine flows, you crawl onward to the next location, and you slowly start the next day; it becomes a distant memory that only a second encounter with that decor can rekindle.

Vintage proved to be just such a location when we set foot in here for a wonderful date night, and I caught a glimmer of both the wine cork wall before the bathroom, and the glorious sideshow performer portrait in the back. And with sampling a pungent yet sweet glass of red, a sampling of their eclectic bistro inspired menu, and a glass of one of their finer ports for dessert, it became a place that I shan't soon forget. it is also a spot that many of my friends from Carnivolution and the Tiberino family have talked about, and it was a good opportunity to catch Raphael Tiberino's awesome photography display at the front of the bar.

This wine bar also boasts a decent beer & cocktail list. But it was the perfect when in Rome situation that caused for a glass of red, and while it might have not delivered upon the notes of plum & coffee that it touted, it did pack a sweet wallop.And the middle of the road (2nd most expensive of 3) ports made for the perfect glass of dessert.

For dinner my partner enjoyed a juicy pub burger with a plentiful assortment of fries, but felt that the mustard aioli that it came with left a bit to be desired. While I loved the additions of vegetables, and a sauce that I really wanted to lick off the plate, I did feel the whitefish entree that I picked up as a special was pretty basic. But both contributed to showcase how eclectic and well rounded the bars bistro menu was.

The only real flaw to Vintage that I found was how lacking the cheese plate description was beyond it being just an offering of artisanal cheeses. Tria, Crow & The Pitcher, Talula's Garden, and many other locations go into great detail of mapping out the various cheeses that they have to offer, whether they be of a daily or regular occurrence. With Morbier being on a burger, brie en croute being an appetizer, and gorgonzola being on a bruschetta w/ fig; they showed that they represent cheese well. But as a wine bar that has some many white, red, sparkling, and blush offerings that pair well with it; they really do need to do a better job  of mapping out their artisanal offerings.

Put that one issue aside, and Vintage is a great Midtown Village spot to hit up for happy hour or date.
I like Vintage. I've been here more than a few times over the years and it's always consistent and good. I've had a few of their bites late night and have not been disappointed but one thing I love about this place is that it's open late and is a great place to head for a night cap. Monday night I was dining with my good friend in the city and we wanted to keep talking after we finished our meal. We headed over to Vintage, enjoyed the low-key vibe, the roomy bar seating and were given great recommendations on wine. We were able to talk til 2:00 in the morning sharing nice drinks and great atmosphere on a Monday night. This place is needed in the city.
Made it to Vintage on Friday for the tail end of Happy Hour!

We managed to get a table for the 3 of us, although I noticed that they had a large number of tables for 2-people and not as many tables for bigger parties. I'm guessing that's a problem if you're a larger group coming during peak times. The waiters and waitresses were all nice, but not overly friendly. Also, after we ordered, I realized there was a teeny tiny chalkboard in the corner with specials listed. I hadn't noticed, and our waiter hadn't mentioned it. Some of them sounded really good. 

The wine menu was awesome. My friends both ordered happy hour wines which they enjoyed. I was only having one glass, so I splurged and got a Chenin Blanc ($11). They had two options on the menu, and it's my favorite white wine, so two thumbs up. All the appetizers sounded amazing. I ordered the burger ($11), but without the red peppers and cheese, and my friends ordered the calamari ($10) and the veggie burger ($11). Everything was amazing and all our plates were completely empty by the time we left. I got so many french fries that I thought I was in heaven. And I am normally a ketchup purist, but their house tomato truffle aioli might have converted me.

Two complaints, one small and one bigger. The first is that my burger arrived just below medium, and I asked for it medium well. But I ate it anyway, and it was good. I'm not sure if this was just a mistake, or if they aren't very good with temperatures, but if you're picky, you might want to cut into your meat when you get it and make sure it's right. The second one is that it got LOUD. Once or twice, I couldn't hear the waiter and I was just nodding, even though he asked me a question that required an answer (yes, I looked dumb). I was shouting at my friends, and by the time I left my throat was a little sore. I guess this is normal for Friday happy hour, but I'm getting old and my throat and ears appreciate not being abused. When the tables filled up, a party of four stood behind our table drinking wine glasses, waiting for a table, and that pushed the noise factor over and we decided to leave.

I'd definitely be back on a non-Friday for happy hour. Cute restaurant, efficient service, amazing food, and solid wine list. Two thumbs up!
I came here with my friend Adrian last night. I usually don't drink, but to celebrate his base transfer. We stopped by this place for some libation. We didn't come here during happy hour, so his bill was pretty high. However, The service was good, the apple bruschetta was tasty, and the wine was delish. Congratulations Adrian! We'll miss you in Phoenix.
First time here - and I love the decor. I was impressed with the selection of wines offered. We did two flights of rose - one sparkling and one still. Each flight is around $20, but the pours are generous for a flight making it a good value. This is a place that, line Tria, caters to the wine Aficionado. Was here just pre-happy hour and the place was 90% young professional women. Enjoyable and knowledgeable bartender. This one goes on the list for a repeat performance
Came here during wine week and ordered the wine flight and cheese special! Had the option to choose between 3 different wine flights: USA, France, and Spain. With each flight came an assortment of three cheeses. I ordered the USA which came with two reds and one white. It was fun to pair the cheeses with the wines but I didn't love the selection of wines that came in the USA flight. I think, next time, I would just go with the bold reds flight since I'm a sucker for red wine.
A group of us were hungry one weekend last month & most restaurants were packed, so we ended up at Vintage for food.

Food was mediocre. All of it was edible, but nothing was great.
- Fig & gorgonzola bruschetta was fine, nothing special, wouldn't recommend
- French onion soup tasted ok, but it was served in a small bowl which didn't allow for enough cheese
- Striped bass was okay

Decor is nice. 

Service was not great. Wait staff was unhelpful & gave misinformation. Waitress said there would be 6 scallops in the large version of the dish, but there were only 5.
I've walked by Vintage many a time, but usually on the way to another dinner engagement. So when an old friend suggested it, I was down to try it. We both got the house burger which came with fries. She ordered hers medium well and I ordered mine medium. Hers came out medium rare, which could only forbear that mine would be rarer still. Oh yeah. Mine was completely rare with a quick sear on the outside. Which is just TOO rare for me. I'm sorry, if I wanted to eat well-prepared carcass, well I wouldn't pay $10 for it. I very nicely asked the waitress if she could ask the kitchen to put it back on the grill for a little while. She gladly took it back and brought me back the fries to munch on. That was a good move because my friend was practically done with her burger before I even started on mine. However, a waiter brought it back with no apologies, and just slid it over to me. Apparently they had just grilled me a new burger. At least the burger didn't go toward the other end of the spectrum and get overcooked. Overall, the burger was pretty forgettable, and maybe it's just because I haven't met a potato I haven't liked, and possibly because the fries were my only edible friends at the table, but I thought the fries were delicious. Perfectly fried and well-seasoned. The house sauce didn't do it for me - if I remember correctly, it's a red pepper mayo aioli. I'm a ketchup girl, through and through. 

Overall, the burger was the standard $10 Center City burger and I'd much rather spend that money on a burger from Village Whiskey or Good Dog. But I'll drop by just for the fries.
Great place for a date. My boyfriend brought me here for our first date and it was a great pick by him! Really good cheese plate... the best I've ever had and the wine list is awesome. Just so nice & romantic!!!
A nice place with a big selection of wine, but the atmosphere was boring and service was okay.
My partner and I come up to Philadelphia often to get away from Washington.  On almost every occasion, we stop for wine and/or dinner from Vintage.  We wandered in on one of our first trips to Philly, just after it had opened.  

It is definitely a wine bar, but more in the tradition of a neighborhood bistro than a night on the town.  As others have mentioned, wine-related paraphinalia everywhere, but tasteful.  It has a relaxed but laid back feeling.  You wouldn't want to visit in shorts and a t-shirt, but nice casual clothes are perfect.  The waitstaff is attentive and was usually knowledgable about the wine list.

The very first time we visited we each did one of the wine flights.  The selection was very good, the prices were good, and the pours generous.  The small plates and the cheese plate that we ordered to go with it were excellent.  A couple of them were plenty for dinner.

Other times, we have ordered a bottle of wine with the small plates and the cheese plate.  The wine list was extensive, but not arcane, not overpriced, and varied.  One time we visited in the summer and eery bottle of white wine was sold out., but that is the only really poor service that we have had.
This was a FABULOUS experience.  I am a wine LOVER but had never been here before.  Corey, the bartender, was dead set on finding me the PERFECT wine.  I settled on a nice Chianti but not before trying about three other wines.  Jon M. got a great red wine that had a pepper taste.  Corey was an absolutely great bartender:  had great tips, gave us some info about different grapes grown on different terrain and talked to us about the wines we had chosen.  

It was quite empty for 8o'clock on a saturday. Filled up as we tried to go back later.  Awesome decor - made me want to make myself a wine box wall  :) 

Definitely a must-do in philly.
I tried Vintage on my first business trip to Philadelphia and made a point of returning twice on my second. It's a wonderful place to relax with a glass of wine (or two or three), a book, and a nice meal. The wine list is comprehensive and interesting, the food is excellent, the staff are knowledgeable and strike the right balance between being overly solicitous and snooty, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I especially appreciate their friendliness towards me as a solo diner. A full meal with drinks will take a bite out of your wallet, but the cost is  not unreasonable for the quality and they have items in a broad enough price range that you can do pretty well without breaking the bank.
While vacationing in Philly with my family for the Army/Navy game, we decided to take a walk around and stumbled upon Vintage. We walked passed it and decided to double back and stop in. We enjoyed the appetizers and wine selection. It was a nice "chill" bar where you didn't have to scream and shout to have a conversation. My mom and aunts enjoyed themselves but it wasn't necessarily a general "older" crowd. We went on a Thursday night and had a blast. If I lived in Philly, I'm sure I would visit again. However, when on vacation I never like to visit the same place twice. :)
Still a fan of this intimate little wine bar. There is probably better food to be had in Philadelphia, but if you are looking for a casual intimate spot to relax and enjoy some wine, this is the place. They offer over 60 different wines by the glass! We enjoyed excellent service from the bartending staff. We were offered tastes of the wines prior to committing to a glass. Excellent experience at the bar!

I was not a fan of the French Onion Soup - the broth was not as hearty as I expected. However, my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed the calamari and flank steak. The calamari delivered small, tender tempura fried rings which were served with a smoked tomato truffle aioli. My husband was not a fan of the aioli, but enjoyed the calamari with just an extra bit of lemon. I, on the other hand, found the aioli flavorful with my only complaint being it was so thick the breading was pulled off the calamari. The flank steak was flavorful, cooked perfectly to order and I loved that it was served with fingerling potatoes (which were delicious by the way).

The kitchen is open until midnight every night, but Vintage does not open until 4 during the week and 2 on the weekends so if you are planning on a quick midday stop for a glass of wine and cheese or charcuterie, this is not the place. Still one of my favorite stops in Philadelphia.
After searching for a great wine bar in the city, we finally stumbled upon Vintage last night. If you are looking for a great wine selection at reasonable prices, and a great selection of small plates. Plus the $15 wine flights had a good mix of choices. 

Small space, but not overly crowded. Quick and friendly service (they were very happy to make wine recommendations when asked). Great music and decor. Great place for a drink after work, a date, or a night out with great wine and food. 

We will be back agin very soon.
I've visited Vintage several times, each time for happy hour, because they offer $4 house wines and their happy hour starts right when I get done work so there's no waiting around.  Yet I always leave starving (and kind of buzzed).  The house wines they offer are always good quality wine, unlike some other house wines I've had, and above the bar, they show the employee's wine pick of the week (which I don't think is offered at a discounted price, but it may help if you're unsure of what to order).  

My friend got the cheese plate which came out and was beautiful.  Four very large wedges of different cheeses, each with it's own accompaniment, and fans of fruit.   I was hesitant to try the goat cheese with lavender because I was worried that it would taste soapy, but I tried it and I can easily say it was my favorite of all four.  

With that being said, I have to say that I'm disappointed in their menu.  They really need to expand and have more options.  I would come here a lot more often if they had a better selection on their menu.  

(I really wanted to give them 4 stars instead of 3 based on the super hot bartender that works there, but I decided I should stick to reviewing the food/drinks and not the quality of the employees.)
After being here more than a few times I feel an update is necessary. I think the staff is genuinely accommodating and cordial. Beer list is varied and definitely has something for everybody. The onion soup is not too salty and has ample amount of onion. Dishes are always cooked correctly and servers I have had are always willing to explain and guide guests through the menus.
I too have seen this place many times.  A friend suggested that we actually eat there (after the weekend wait at Lolita was 2 hours at 9PM) and I was pretty bowled over.  It does French bistro right, but has its own atmosphere.  The escargots were delish.  I prefer duck liver mousse not chunky pate -- which they have -- but I still sampled it and it was yummy.  I got the duck confit and it was perfect!  Its unpretentious and delightful.  

This will be a go to place for us.  They let you taste the wines by the glass before you decide!  I would go for a drink based on that fact alone.  Plus our foursome got out with wine, apps and dessert for around $200.
rocking tunes.... check
fanciest cheese plate i have ever seen.....check
gorgonzola and fig bruschetta......meh, half a check
arugula, mango, and shrimp tempura salad......fifty hundred checks
feeling incredibly hungover from drinking too much wine.....negative check, but that is purely my own fault. 

lets just say that i have put myself on drinking probation after my trip to vintage.  sometimes a girl needs to learn when to stop, but in the swanky dark halls of vintage this is very hard to do.  i found the food to be mediocre, but i may have made some poor choices.  poor choices happen to good people and restaurants all the time.
Still among my favorite wine bars, although the competition in this neighborhood has increased significantly. On my most recent visit, the wait person was immensely helpful in choosing wines - he seemed to truly know the list very well and was quite articulate about each wine on the list. The menu is not huge by any means, but complements the wine listing really well. It includes some great choices. The cress salad with pickled green strawberries (who can say "no" to pickled green strawberries?!) was outstanding. The bruschetta with pickled apples, figs, and gorgonzola was also a great choice. I've had the veggie burger here many times, and while not the greatest I've ever had, it's a good, reliable item. Seating in the front windows is a real plus, too, if it's available.
This place reminds me of Tria, but a little more spacious. My posse of lady friends were hoping for a quiet evening filled with classy beverages, some small bites, and of course, girl talk. We just got dinner from nearby, and we were sold on the easy going and comfortable atmosphere. Not only does this make a fine establishment to dish on the latest gossip, but it also makes a a great date place to wine and dine. The place is nice and dim, and I loved their ginormous wine bottle chandelier above the bar! We sat in the back, right next to their sweet cork divider. I heard 4,000 corks? Whoa!

The menu is massive and impressive. Since we just ate, we were looking for something sweet. The Brie en Croûte was delicious! Baked brie wrapped in a puff pastry adorned with sliced pears and in a caramel sauce. As for wines, I chose a spicy red called Carmenere (under the unusualy and exciting reds section), while others chose the house red, the Interchange, and a riesling. They served beer, too!

I'm sure I'll be here again!
Came here looking for wine and conversation with friends, was not disappointed. We had a few red wines. The house Pino Noir was $6 which is my current favorite. Atmosphere and music was spot on for a nice evening out. There is lots of seating at the bar and 2 person high tops, so date nights with quick seating is possible. There is a street side seating area with heat lamps, but being the dead of winter only smokers took breaks out there. During the warmer seasons this is a popular seating area as the 'Gayborhood' has great people watching. One of the best areas in Philly and could see taking the ladies in my family here.

Later on we added the cheese plate to the drink order which came out with paired fruits and bread. The cheeses were explained and I was extremely impressed that they had raw milk cheeses. I thought in the US that we could only have pasteurized cheese and needed to go to Euro to try a true cheese. Save the plane ticket and stop here instead. 

Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Great overall experience, will have to come back to try their dinner service.
This little wine bar is perfect for date night!  It's quite intimate and romantic with it's brick interior and dim lighting.  They offer a small menu plus chalkboard specials along with a nice selection of wines and wine flights.  The night I visited there was a filet listed as a chalkboard special and it was quite good - cooked to the right temperature and if I recall correctly served with a red wine reduction.  It was the perfect compliment to the many red wines I sampled.

The servers were friendly and knowledgeable about the selections.  I told my server what types of wine I enjoyed and she made recommendations from there.  She was spot on with her recommendations. 

Overall, this was a great experience and I will definitely visit again when I have the opportunity to travel to Philadelphia.  Bonus - walking distance from the Marriot downtown!
I like this place a lot.  Chill, good food, enviroment. Great wine selections. Unpretentious crowd. Staff is cool
You know they had a good time designing this place. I'm sure the owners said "let's figure out how to use anything and everything related to wine to make this place cool". Well they did, and they succeeded.

From a chandelier made from green wine bottles to wall of wine crates (with logos), it's definitely not a sushi bar... it's a wine bar. If they could have made the bathroom doors out of corks, I'm sure they would have. Keep in mind this venue is set up stylistically in my opinion to be suited to couples or trios. I wouldn't come here with 10 people, it's just not conducive to that set up. And why would you? Wine is best consumed in twos!
I am a regular at Vintage Wine Bar. The wine list is extensive but the non-wine drinkers are not left aside and there is a pretty decent beer list too. The food is excellent either for small plates to munch on at Happy Hour or for a nice lunch. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. A perfect place to sit down, relax and enjoy good wine, good food and good company.
This place has so much potential, but I am sad to say it is nowhere near realized.  The beautiful, vintage theme is the only good thing about this spot.  

My mother and I sat at the bar and the service staff were unfriendly and not accommodating.  Considering the HIGH price of the wines, I asked to have a sample of one before ordering.  Because I did not care for the first one, I asked for another sample and then another.  Each of the samples got smaller and smaller and I could tell that the frowning bartender was not interested in assisting me in deciding on a wine choice.  A wine bar should offer its a customers a wine experience and this place just felt like another bar.  Because of the staff, I will never come back.  There are so many people who would really enjoy teaching customers about wines, so why does the management of this place not hire someone with a bit of expertise and enthusiasm for the job?  The restaurant is so stylish but the staff were grumpy and miserable looking. The prices are way too high for such lousy service. 

The place is a bit cramped, but okay as long as the other customers are not screaming.  When I was there, there was a loud group of ladies yelling across the table at each other.  

I would consider visiting their Happy Hour: Monday-Friday 4-6pm with $4 wine and $3 beer.
What I like about Vintage is that even though it's focus is definitely on wine (and they have a pretty extensive wine list that isn't too price gauge-y) they do not neglect the beers.  They have my favorite, a 750 of La Chouffe, if you're in the mood for the grain rather than the grape.  But that's kind of silly with a wine list like this, in which you can do a flight of wine with small tastes, do it by the glass or get a bottle.

The food is both reasonably priced and really good.  I had some of the calamari which was absolutely excellent, and a bit of their signature burger--black angus, very juicy on a brioche bun.  If you want a more substantial meal, they also have entrees and daily specials designed by their chef.

The downside is that the place isn't that big.  It's definitely better for a romantic one-on-one than a sit down with the girls.
I honestly cannot figure out why this place was so empty on my last visit, 8pm on a weeknight. It is the perfect place for 8pm on a weeknight! It is gorgeous, cozy, relaxing. It's an easy place to have a long conversation with friends over fabulous wines. Their food is good, too - though, everything seems a bit over salted. Mostly what I like about Vintage is that it's such an easy going place to be. It's warm and friendly, unpretentious yet sophisticated.
I'm going to have to agree on the quality of this place.  An excellent wine bar for the area with an inviting interior.  Everyone is friendly and the place has the atmosphere a wine bar should have (not uptight).  

Great variety of wine choices, and the presentation of tapas was well done.  The cheese plates are great.

Although my love will always be for wine bars on the west coast, Vintage does a great job in Philadelphia.
I just love it here. I go here after work sometimes and I just love how friendly the bartenders are (cory, margaret, katie, and vesna - thank you!) and how their kitchen is open until like 12 midnight. I have only been there after 10pm but there are still decent amount of people here at all times. The wine pour is somewhat generous and the list is extensive - you won't be disappointed. 

As far as food goes, I've never had anything go wrong. From vintage house salad(honey truffle vinaigrette! YUM) to calamari appetizer.. It's all worth your money! 

Plus they know how to hook you up if you're in the industry. I heart you all at vintage!

PS. They're closed on Sundays... leaving me nowhere to go after work on Sundays!
Typical wine bar with a nice menu.  I was the BIGGEST fan of the Red Pepper & Pesto Bruschetta ($5-Toasted sliced baguette topped with julienned roasted red pepper, basil pesto, toasted pine nuts and Grana Padano!).  Good spot to relax and enjoy an end-of-day glass of vino with some  friends.  Also great for lunch - just make sure you check out the bruschetta! lol
Great menu, cool vibe, friendly staff. 

Vintage and Tria are similar. Vintage is a little more mellow than Tria, probably because the place is a bit larger so there's more room to breathe.
Good food and good wine, however the service is slow. My friends and I received our wine and food too far apart and our waiter did not take the time to check on us periodically. He also forgot an order we placed at one point in the night. Would come back again for the food/drink but not right away.
I had high hopes for Vintage--the interior just looks so cool and chic. Think: high stool, exposed brick walls, and chalkboard specials everywhere. However, I didn't have a good experience here, so I will not be going back.  

I got a glass of white wine, and my boyfriend got a beer. For a place that has a wine theme, the wine list itself wasn't that extensive or impressive. Anyway. For starters, I got the salad, which was fine... I really liked the dressing, which was a truffle vinaigrette. My boyfriend got the calamari, which he really enjoyed--the kick was the rosemary in the batter.

For my main course I got the mussels and fries, and my boyfriend got the steak and fries. When my mussels came out, I got a whiff of this fishy, salty smell from the plate. Not good and I sent back. Tried something else, and wasn't charged for the mussels. I got the beef kebabs, but the bad mussels pretty much ruined the experience.

If I were just rating the steak and fries, the meal would have gotten a 3.5 or 4-- My boyfriend enjoyed his steak and fries. The service was bad, and the mussels capped it off, so am rating this place as a 1.
Other than the proscuitto, sliced way too thick, food was good.  Steak Frittes was cooked perfectly and the chili/truffle condiment was a good match for about anything.  Wine list would suffice most, very decent selection.  Service was fine and was not hovering, surprised for such close quarters.  The atmosphere was cool and accomodating.  Overall a good experience.
I'm surprised more people haven't reviewed this! I guess it is easier to follow the crowd to the hot spot Tria (which is duly incredible). But head over to Vintage for the same great wine and neighborly convo. Tria carries more tapas, but vintage has great cheese plates.

You can get flights and pours of wine, high-class European beers, and fresh entrees that change like the wind (hence they are written on a chalkboard).

Mustard yellow walls, votives and exposed brick make this place a bit cooler than 1601 Passyunk. Everything's under $11, expect for the duck and maybe a special.

TRY: Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta (toasted walnut tossed with a red wine reduction and virgin olive oil over toasted fresh baguette).
my new favorite on the block! i know it's been here forever but i recently just started visiting vintage for happy hour more frequently and really loving everything they have to offer!  

on the happy hour menu, the sangria is a must! paired with some smokey mussels and date bruschetta is a fantastic start to the night!  i've also tried their steak tartare with some mint aioli and stuffed quail on their specials selection.  both are really scrumptious!  the tartare had a nice balance of flavors and the aioli adds a nice touch to it.  the stuffed quail was divine! savory depth of flavors! it was a real treat!

all in all, great dinner spot! great happy hour spot! bartenders are super friendly and nice! can't wait to return!
What do you want from a wine bar?  

Lots of selections by the glass:  check
Interesting light bites and small plates: check
A friendly, helpful bartender: check
An ambience that transports you out of downtown Philly: check

This place has a loooong bar, plenty of space and an interesting variety of wines.  I had a Torrontes, which you can't find everywhere.  The bartender was fun and offered a taste of the wine I selected, which I really appreciate.  I had the potato soup special, and it complimented the wine beautifully.
So many people compare this spot to tria, stop! Compare Woody Allen to Adam Sandler. Vintage has a real wine list with a bottle selection and real food. It's a place you can get a happy hour wine or an unusual and exciting glass. Tria has tapas and some ok glasses. Grow up, go to vintage and get a real glass of wine. P.S. Tria is much better for hipster bingo and people pretending they know their ass from a hole in the ground when it comes to wine.
Really feel like Vintage needs to infuse some energy to save itself.  Was looking forward to revisiting last night but can't see returning. Many items on the now limited online menu were listed as "sold out" so a burger, chicken sandwich or steak frites seemed to be the only mains. We ordered a sparkling rosé but got a white instead with no ice bucket. ( a warm $10 bottle of de Perrier for which we were charged an absolute robbery of $58! ). Chambord substituted for cassis without our consent, lackadaisical service and cold frites. Our cheese board had about 8 slivers of meat and two of the smallest cheese portions I've ever seen served ($24). I can't see returning any time soon. Meanwhile Charlie was a Sinner and El Vez absolutely booming on either side of us. 

Very sad.
This was THE worst experience I've ever had in my life. First off, I came with my friends to spend a lot of money on wine and food at the bar and were carded immediately, which I understand since my friends and I are in the industry, but were denied service right off of the bat. The bartender handed our ID's to the manager, Brit, and he took our ID's to another restaurant to be "checked." After going back and forth in circles about where our ID's were he finally returned them with a lie caught in the act and we left. I will never return not only because of the poor treatment, but the atmosphere is unwelcoming and distasteful. Do not go here.
As I walked down 13th I wondered what I would find. It had been at least three years since I had been in Philadelphia and my last encounter at Vintage Wine Bar. I cannot deny a sense of apprehension as I approached the location. I had not done any research on how anything in Philly had weathered Covid. And I had fond memories of Vintage. After all, they had introduced me to Txakoli wines and my experience had been extraordinary. How had the done and are doing in the "after times"...well...
They were open (thank god) on a Monday. The experience from there exceeded my expectations...
Service: My waiter, Todd, was not only attentive but extremely knowledgeable. He not only knew their menu and selection of wine but had a depth of knowledge and experience. 
The food: Duck was on the menu. I love duck. It is difficult to prepare. It is gamey and can be tough and chewy. To render the fat, cook the meat and keep the skin crispy is no easy task. I asked Todd, "how well do they prepare the duck?", and he replied "they do it well". It was AMAZING! Another patron had the same testimony. 
The wine: well, this should be the easy part, and it is. Great selection, generous pours, superior knowledge. 
I finished the evening with a brandy but also a sample of a Porto Todd recommended. I cannot lie. I was misty as I inhaled deeply both the brandy and port. I was inhaling not just the vapors of two fine spirits. It was the aroma of perseverance and excellence in the face of adversity. 
Well done Vintage! You, once again, exceeded my expectations. But it was different and very special this time. Thank you!
A great place to grab a table at the end of a loud night on the town to wind down with a good glass of wine. Splitting the cheese & charcuterie plates is where it's at! The housemade pâté? Ohmnom!

Outdoor seating late on a Saturday night is not for the faint of heart. It is for the people-watchers!
Lovely outdoor patio heaters will keep you warm in the fall, as you laugh at the assortment of personalities stumbling up and down the street -- and you will be accosted by the panhandling homeless, looking for money for drugs or alcohol (at least they're honest?)
The manager swooped in like a hawk to shoo away a particularly aggressive gentleman painted up like the Joker, and continued to stop by and check on us after that. 

The entire staff was lovely and we chattered with them for the rest of the night. Definitely want to go back for more wine and to try more on the menu!
I was here last Friday for a few drinks after work around 6PM and it was a full house. My friends and I stood near the bar since we could not find any available seats. The venue has a small and cozy atmosphere. The wine selection was very accommodating to a novice wine drinker. 

The classes were around $8-12+ per glass but the best take away was the service. The bar tender, Malory, was very helpful and accommodating. She had water on deck to wash out the different wine taste between glasses. I'm not a big wine drinker but I wouldn't mine coming back here to try a new wine.
I had such a great time the other day at Vintage. I've walked past it often, but wow! It was nicer than I perceived. The staff is super friendly, and helped me choose a wine to my liking. Furthermore, the decor is really warm and inviting. I'll definitely be back!
My husband and i went to the ballet and were starving after. Decided we would just walk around the area until we happened upon something that looked good. We passed by the warmers over the outside tables at this place, felt so good that i had to stop there. I don't know if the staffing situation that day was typical but it seemed very understaffed: one person on the floor and one person behind the bar. Everything then naturally took so long. 

We ordered some lattes to start (there is espresso etc available here, just no drip coffee), needed a little pick me up. They weren't pretty but they got the job done, got the caffeine i needed. (also the waitress was a little shaky in bring them over so was liquid everywhere but i had to go inside myself to ask for napkins.)

I ordered the pan seared salmon which i really enjoyed, exactly how i love my salmon. The rutabaga mash that came with it was also very good, and i loved that twist instead of regular mashed potatoes but unfortunately it was cold. i am guessing that was plated long before the salmon. My husband got the burger and duck fat fries...the fries were amazing and in general the meal was quite filling. Also they came with a rosemary aioli which was lovely. Because we enjoyed the meal, decided to try dessert and i must say, i would totally come back again for the bread pudding. Was warm and comforting and paired perfectly with the rich ice cream. We also had the creme brulee which was ok. 

I do like this place, service was friendly (but they definitely need some more staff) and I liked the food. will probably return with some girlfriends to try their wine flights and cheese board.
While waiting to meet a colleague, I stopped in for a nice glass of wine.  This place is very calm and friendly.  Many lovely wine flights to choose from.  Lots of selections by the glass.  Very decent prices.  They also have a very nice nosh menu. Very happy to be here!!
Great place for a date. Get the night started at the bar with some house wine and the cheese plate. Cheese plate comes with taleggio and Roquefort paired with fig paste and sweet brittle. It also comes with sliced red grapes and strawberries. I believe there are four types of cheeses total. I also recommend coming around 7:30 PM on a Saturday for a good vibe.

Pros
* Good wine and food at a reasonable price
* Excellent appetizer pairing with wine
* Not overly crowded or loud
* Great dimly lit atmosphere
* Central location
* Excellent staff: friendly and knowledgeable 
* Unique central wine bottle chandelier 
* Lots of bar space for food and drinks

Cons
* Place can feel a bit small
* No live music
The Vintage Burger is not only extremely tasty but every component is cooked to perfection. The bacon was crispy and delightful while the cheese was melted but held it's structure. Additionally, the burger was served with a great aioli, I wish I had gotten more.
This place has always had a great charm about it.  The service is always great, with a staff that actually knows what they're talking about when it comes to wine.  The owners are usually there to expand upon any wine selections (and they do know their wine).

The food has always been great.  Their charcuterie plate is always a nice offering, with seasonal fruit to go with the meats and cheeses.  They're specials are always worth trying.  The grilled octopus special they have from time to time is delicious, and the Pacu ribs they had two years ago are still always on my mind (PLEASE GET THEM BACK!!!)

Definately a place worth checking out if you like wine and good food.
My friends and I were so excited to have dinner and a few drinks here for happy hour. Our waiter was so rude to us that we ended up chugging our drinks and running out of there. This guy was snobby and rude as soon as we walked in the door. Its a shame because this place has a great atmosphere and $4 house wines for happy hour. Sadly I won't be coming back here.
A great selection of wine, delectable bites and a great atmosphere. What more do you need for an after work drink spot?

Happy Hour here is great- they have discounted glasses of wine, beer and their house made sangria. Happy Hour starts early here and ends early (4-6)- we missed it by a half hour, however, their house Pinot Grigio was only $6 a glass, which made for a cheap night. 

We ordered the cheese plate to accompany our wine- it came with a nice selection of different cheeses as well as freshly baked baguette and fruit. It was a good appetizer choice since we weren't too hungry.

The best place about Vintage is that they can open up the windows to the outside. Since it was nice yesterday, they had the windows open so you could enjoy the outdoor air. They also have outdoor seating- this is going to be perfect for Sips in the summer.

Definitely want to come back here and try the full menu for dinner- just need to make sure to book a reservation. The wait last night was 2.5 hours for a table of 4.
Great cheese plate. Tasty vino. Love the fact that the bartenders give you a taste if you ask "what is this rose like"......Not enough places in CA do that--and Christ, this is the land of vino!!!  Anyway.....

The cheese plate was so good--one of our pet peeves is restaurants who try to do this, then bring the cheese out rock hard cold.....it's basically supposed to be room temp to bring out the flavors, and they did this perfectly.  And all the pairings with the cheeses were so inventive and good, I don't remember what they all were, but they went together well.  

One slight nit--I wish the bartender would have said "don't order that rose with cheese, it doesn't go"--cuz it didn't.  Should have stuck with the chard, but I didn't ask and she didn't volunteer......just saying.......
I love every single visit I take to Vintage. The food and wine selection are absolutely delightful. My favorite visits are perhaps my late night visits. The late night menu is delicious and different, and I completely recommend getting a cheese board. If you're lucky enough one of the fabulous bartenders may even ask to pick the cheeses for you. Mallory is undoubtedly my favorite bartender, her sheer enthusiasm continues to make me return, but the entire staff (Jameson, Vez, and Manager Britt) are kind and obviously strive to give impeccable service.
Came here last Friday night with a friend from out of town and shared red and white wine flights. I loved the ambiance! Luckily it was nice out so we were able to sit outside. The food was just ok, we had the calamari which was nothing special. The service was just fine, not too friendly but it didn't hinder our experience. Definitely a great, low key place to enjoy some wine with friends!
Like most non-Philadelphians, Tria is the only wine bar I read about in the Travel section from most reliable NY news publications. 
              
We made it a point to go there (for tourist reasons) during a chicks' night out. Since we were stationed at the Marriott on 13th St near City Hall, we decided a 10 block hike in 30-degree weather too brutal an ordeal for us. We settled for 2nd fave Vintage a couple blocks away after reading Jonathan T's review.
 
Upon entering, the Vin Marshall chandelier made of multi-tiered wrought iron frame with a colorful collage of empty bottles grabbed our attention. There were 2 empty stools by the bar right underneath it. We figured no one wanted to take the chance being seated there in case the chandelier suddenly comes crashing down on them.

This place is dark, long, and narrow. The decor is minimal and the ambience appeals to a more laid-back local yuppie crowd. The gender ratio was evenly balanced and there were more groups than couples hanging out here. There's nothing hipster pretentious about the service. The bartenders are goofball friendly and can turn into savvy cork dorks when you ask for a recommendation on specific wines.

The food selection was pretty decent but there's not much to rave about. We first ordered the 3 tiered cheese plate. It consisted of fruits on the top, 4 imported cheeses in the middle: Morbier (soft cow's milk cheese), Explorateur (triple creme goat's cheese), Roaring 40s (King's Island blue cheese), & Ghettoise (stinky unpasteurized cheese), and slices of baguette bread at the bottom. 

It was a good cheese selection, but we were disappointed getting bread in place of cured meats on the bottom plate. If they were out of the cured meats, perhaps honey-glazed mixed nuts would have been a better substitution?  

In addition to the cheese plate, we ordered the beef satay skewers (3pcs) soaked in peanut sauce. It was too sweet and I would have preferred a different marinade sauce. Since it was a filling dish, I decided not to complain.

I can understand why Tria frequently gets the nod over Vintage: 
1. Both are known for their extensive wine selections, but Tria comes out ahead with a more diverse and a much longer beer list.
2. There are over a dozen cheeses to choose from at Tria. At Vintage, you are limited only to 4 cheeses.

On the minus side of Tria, expect to wait 20-30 minutes for seating. It's always crowded and so loud you'd have to conduct conversations as if you were at a rock concert. There is more of a NY than a Philly flavor there. Why not head on over to Vintage and experience a more local and mellow atmosphere? It's the perfect alternative and we enjoyed our evening.
Ordered red sangria and cant believe this wine bar got it wrong. It was extremely watered down and tasteless, the glass they gave the sangria in was very bulky - it was not a good Sangria overall. We ordered a fig and gorgonzola bruschetta and the housemade country patè - which was good but they took FOREVER to make it. It wasnt worth the wait time though. Overall not a good experience and I wouldn't be coming back.
Came to Philly on a business trip and decided to eat here with my coworker.  Five stars for the food and service.  That was the best steamed mussels i have ever eaten and our server was very attentive.
I was in Philly on business, and thanks to my fellow yelpers I decided to try this place out based on it's reviews.

I was not disappointed.  The wine list was good (only 4 stars because they were missing a coulple of wines off the menu).  Not a good sign for a wine bar.  One should expect for them to always be prepared.  

However, the wine we did have was delicious. The decor was pretty cool too.  Good crowd, chill place, good ambiance and not too loud.  I would definately reccomend this place to someone visiting. 

Thank you to the yelp crowd for giving this place good reviews, otherwise I never would have gone :)
I like this place for what it is.  I wouldn't go for the food  (it is a wine bar, afterall)  but rather for the cozy atmosphere, well composed crowd and decent wine selection.  The servers are clearly bustling hard but generally friendly.   It's a good place to pop in out of the cold and get vinified and energized after shopping or before your Lolita table is ready.   Another reviewer mentioned Tria, the sui generis of truly awesome wine cafes in the city, and I have to agree there is no comparison.
So maybe I just don't look like the type of person who frequents wine bars (I probably don't), maybe I just don't look like someone who appreciates wine (I do), and MAYBE I just look like someone who knows jack shit about wine and was here for the $3 dollar happy hour (I do and I wasn't, initially), but that was no excuse for the level of pretentiousness I experienced here. 

I was really excited to come here. I've heard nothing but pleasant things about Vintage and couldn't wait to have a similar experience. Unfortunately, from the moment I walked in the door, I was treated poorly. For only having a few tables seated, I had to wait and watch the server and bartender flirt at the bar, instead of paying attention to the door. Then, when I saw them come over, I told them I was meeting a group of people. The conversation went like this:

Me: Hi! I'm meeting a group of people here, but I think I may be the first one.
Male Bartender: .......here?
Me: ...uhm, maybe not in this exact spot that I'm standing but yes, this restaurant.

What the hell? I realize there is a certain stigma amongst fancier restaurants about younger people frequenting their establishments but seriously? I felt so snubbed that I felt like they didn't even want me to be there. 

It wasn't all bad after the initial 5 minutes of me feeling belittled, though. The server, who was initial cold and clearly judging me, warmed up slightly and actually smiled once. The food runner lady was the nicest one there and took the time to explain and get us excited about our over-priced cheese plate (smallest portions ever). The beer list was decent, and the wine list wasn't bad either, but definitely had a few bottles that I recognized from the liquor store (tacky much?). 

I definitely wouldn't voluntarily go back OR suggest this place to friends, but if I was out-numbered in a group of people who realllllllly wanted to go, I'd reluctantly visit this place again.
Vintage, I really want to like you.  You're close to work/home, have a great wine selection, and nice outdoor space.  I just can't deal with all the people past 7PM or the lackluster beer list or the hit-or-miss service.

This is a great spot on a slow night and the $15 flights are pure marketing genius.  Otherwise, tough to enjoy.
Each Thursday in November, Vintage puts on a Beaujolais Day extravaganza . This year did not disappoint. Kudos to their manager and servers for making sure we had a good time! This was the first Beaujolais Day for some of my friends and I'm confident they will mark their calendars for next year!
It's the logo that drew me in. A corkscrew? Love it.

I had a few nice $6 glasses of the house Pinot Noir (which was pretty damn good, considering I had just paid $15 - ouch - for a glass of Pinot at The Palm) and the Vintage burger.  Oh my gosh, so good.

I also had the Artichoke chips with garlic/gorgonzola aioli; they were more like artichoke tempura but still fabbitty fab fab.

It's within stumbling distance of my hotel so you bet your ass I'll be back.
