First time trying Peruvian food and it lived up to the hype. We were greeted with fried corn which was light and a great snack. The CHICHA SOUR is a great drink, supposedly similar to a margarita but nothing like it. It reminds me of the Jamaican drink sorrel with a hint of cinnamon and tequila. 

The ceviche (CEBICHES) is the best you will ever have. Peruvian CEBICHES comes with spice. I choose medium which was hot. 

I ordered the Jaleas which was the fried white fish w/calamari, shrimp, mussels and octopus. Possibly the best fried fish I have had, it was so light and flaky. I will definitely be back to go through the menu. 

Also loved the ambience. See ceiling...
I wasn't expecting to eat at a Peruvian restaurant during my recent trip to Philadelphia, but that is one reason why I love this city, the food is always great.  Our food was very fresh and delicious, the servers were extremely attentive and friendly, and the dining room has a very nice atmosphere due to the wood cladding on the ceiling. My guy had the Ceviche Mixto and was stuffed (Marinated fish, shrimp and calamari in fresh lime juice, red onions, cilantro, celery, sweet potato, corn $18). I had the Causa Acevichada ceviche (Served cold - Seasoned mashed potato with avocado $14) which was very good albeit a bit small. I think I was a little confused when ordering and ordered an appetizer instead of a main dish, so I would ask a lot more questions on my next visit. I am always apprehensive about eating sushi, oysters, and ceviche when I travel for fear of getting sick and ruining my trip. I am happy I broke my rule for Vista Peru because the food was great and I suffered no ill effects from it!
We stopped in specifically because we were looking for something different. As soon as I saw they had Ceviche I knew exactly what I was going to order. My girlfriend checked the menu and was going to order Ceviche as well but then she saw they had goat on the menu and she decided to give it a try. We were both pleased with our meal. The ceviche had shrimp, calamari, and pieces of fresh fish served in a spicy sauce. It was so good! My girlfriend's meal was served with some white rice and beans. She said the goat was tender and flavorful. We really enjoyed this place and we're glad to stop in.
Peruvian food is a unique blend of Andean, Spanish, Asian and Italian flavors.  We are Peruvian and have been missing a good Peruvian restaurant in Philadelphia.  We were hopeful but again disappointed.  If you have never had Peruvian food, don't except to find it at this establishment.  Please drive to NY or DC to eat authentic Peruvian before making up your mind about our cuisine.

We came on Saturday 2/24/18 - 1st night
Service 1 - No bread or sauces or anything to begin with.  Food took forever.  Asking for spoons for our dessert and never got them so asked the nice bartender for them.   We had to ask for our dishes to be taken when we were finished.
Food 1 - Lomo Saltado - our classic Peruvian dish, was dry, not spicy and the meat was not the most tender.  The Anticuchos were hot but not spiced.  The Jalea was just "fried fish with onions on top".  Not at all what the traditional dish calls for.  Chupe de camarones again missed the spices.  The only dish we liked and was well made was the Causa de ceviche.
Dessert 2 - they were out of ice cream.  We did order one of each - arroz con leche, mazamorra morada and flan.  Fair.   The mazamorra morada should be thicker not all runny
Drinks 4 - the only part that saved the night.   We tried the Chicha Sour, Pisco Sour and the Cosmopolitan en Pasión (maracuya) - all very nicely made!
Prices were what the neighborhood calls for but not for this lack of quality.

We so hope this establishment improves with time because we need one in Philly.  Our reccs: decrease the items on the menu; ensure that your chefs obtain more authentic recipes and techniques which would have added heat and spice; train your staff; lastly, if you are a Peruvian restaurant, at least the hostess should speak Spanish and greet you appropriately.  Until then, we will make the trek to NY or DC.
There has been a flurry of openings recently in my Old City neighborhood. This restaurant is unique in that it serves Peruvian food. I went with the idea of trying something new.

No bread to start the meal with, which is always a bummer, but the drinks and appetizer did come out quick. The appetizer was the Cebiche mixto. It was described as "Fresh fish filet, shrimp, calamari, red onion, cilantro, celery, sweet potato, corn, marinated with lime juice". I chose a medium heat sauce with it. Delicious! Although I would go with the mild sauce if I ate it again. The best forkfuls were the ones with the sweet potato to cut through the heat.

My entree was the SECO NORTEÑO. It's described as "Tender pieces of goat meat slowly cooked with onions, cilantro, Peruvian peppers, Canarian beans, white rice". The goat meat comes on the bone. It's similar to eating spare ribs without the BBQ sauce. The meat was very good, but a little fatty. I felt like I didn't have enough actual meat. It was a poor meat to sides ratio, meaning the meat is gone before you can possibly finish the sides.

Dessert was a purple corn pudding, which was not good. Had to send that back.

Overall, Vista Peru is a welcome unique addition to Old City. The service was impeccable. But there is room for improvement.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- last visit: today for lunch to take my mentee out for lunch 
- frequency: first time!
- next visit? Will definitely visit again to try their other foods 

FOODRINK:
- causa con pulpa de congrejo: was really pretty so scared to eat it. That moment when the aesthetics get the in way... But the yellow contrasted really nicely with the flowery cut avocado (forever avocado fan here). It was pretty bland but we'll balanced. Probably wouldn't order again. It was like a nice painting you pass by in adoration but not something you return to muse on.
- risotto con lomo saltado: my mentee got this. Beef was well cooked, not overly done. She liked it a lot.
- picantes de mariscos: some kind of tomato based sauce thingie? Gentle sauce. More seafood than I imagined. Would order again. 
- sour pisco: just average but presentation was beautiful.
- food is on the "pricier" end but I think the value-worth is there overall 

VIBE: 
- upscale-ish
- beautiful decor with modern vibe and traditional Peruvian cloth designs 
- clean sleek look  
- was reading that you can choose your own pisco during the happy hour. 
- waitress  wasn't that into having friendly conversation. I asked her about a dish on the menu and she didn't answer. 
- wait time: everything came relatively quickly but we were one of the few people in the restaurants
Second night this restaurant was opened and of course we had to try it out. My hubby is peruvian and we have tried a lot of restaurants in NJ, CA and were so happy to finally have one in Old City.

First thing you notice is the stairs and then to the right there is the bar area and about 4 tables for two and when you walk towards the back there is more tables for bigger parties. We waited a few minutes to get seated but that was okay. We made reservations and I recommend you do this bc it can get busy.

We sat across from the bar and it was a table for two. Romatic and the music is nice. Henry was out waiter and he was super friendly and made sure everything came out correctly. He also gave us some suggestions on what to order. 

We started with Yuca a la huancaina- which is like a potato cut in big strips. In my opinion it was a little on the dry side compared to what I have had before. Also I love the sauce and it had a little kick but me and my hubby could handle it. We loved it so much we asked for more sauce.

Drinks:
Pisco sour-hmmm love it. This drink has a foam topping which I think makes the drink. It was tasty my only recommendation is to not put the brown drops. I'm not sure what it was but it didn't taste that good, to me. 

Chica morada ( purple drink) classic peruvian drink. My hubby loves this and he said it reminded of him of his grandma.

Lomo saltado- this is my go to peruvian entree. This is steak with fries, tomato and onions with a side of rice- wow the steak was so tender and juicy!! and I loved the sauce and the onions and tomotos were cut perfectly. The rice was just enough and I was full after. I would definitely order this again.

Ceviche mixto- which is squid, fish, octopus,shrimp with lime, red onions, salt and it had a corn and a potato- my husband ordered this and he said it was really good. He doesnt like sushi but will eat this. I also love this dish just wish there was more. But overall everything tasted great together.

Overall this place has a lot of potential and we cant wait to come back and try more Peruvian food. Everyone needs to try this place out!!
Dinner to celebrate officially becoming Dr. Shirlana Dash after successfully defending my PhD! Whew, this was indeed a wonderful evening celebration. The staff was knowledgeable and the food was good.

To start our meal we shared 2 appetizers.. the calamari and the muscles. The calamari was good & was served with 2 different sauces. Please know the sauce was not traditional marinara that you might be accustomed to. One sauce seemed to be some type of mustard. The muscles were great but they were accompanied with a ceviche type topping that had too many onions. 

The entree I had was the lobster paella. The dish was huge & succulent.  The dish has shrimp, lobster, calamari, and muscles. The dish was wonderful. The only drawback for me was the limited dessert choices offered. This is a place I would return to though.
I was looking forward to my visit here and looking forward to trying Peruvian cuisine.  The place is intimate downstairs. There is an upstairs bar / lounge that will be open on weekends.  I didn't get to see upstairs because it wasn't open when I visited. 

The place had not been open long when I went ... approximately 10 days or so. Our server was friendly and helpful but there are still some kinks that need to be worked out. Seems like the staff is still struggling to understand the menu which is actually quite large.  Some of the items were very similar so it was a bit confusing. Also some things were not available, one of them being a vegetarian option entree.  Good thing the quinoa was available and quite good. 

I was with friends that eat meat and seafood.  They liked most of their dishes (seafood soup, octopus, mussels ceviche etc) we also tried some appetizers/sides(fried cassava, sweet plantains) 
 Overall the food was good but not every dish was a winner. 

Hopefully with time, the few issues will be improved. I would go back again.
I went to Vista Peru last night with my girlfriend for a late dinner. The restaurant is small (~30 seats) and modern / chic with accents of Latin American flare including a beautiful woven fabric installation in the main hallway. 

We started with the classic Cebiche which was fantastic. The serving was HUGE and had a great mix of squid, shrimp and fish. This was unlike any Ceviche I've had in a good way - the marinade was super flavorful and had a delicious mix of spices in it that took the dish to the next level.

For mains, we got the Pulpo a la Parilla (grilled octopus) and Camarones a Ajillo (garlic shrimp). The shrimp was good, albeit unremarkable but the Octopus was great and also a huge serving (see picture). We drank wine but the Pisco spurs looked amazing and I'm definitely getting one next time.

Overall I would recommend Vista Peru. There are better spots in the neighborhood but it's worth visiting for the unique atmosphere and Cebiche.
Stumbled across this place on a Tuesday for happy hour (5-7p) and it was surprisingly empty, so seating was not an issue at all. They had drink and food specials during this time but my friends and I were mostly here for some drinks and catching up. The decor is sleek and clean, though lighting could be dimmer for a more intimate setting.

We all ordered piscos of varying flavors: maiz, passion fruit, strawberry, coconut, and prickly pear special. I've never had a pisco before but I absolutely loved it! They were fresh and smooth with a foamy head (almost like a latte) and the drink was slightly tart. My favorite was the passionfruit because it gave it even more of a tart kick. There were also small plates of corn snacks (like the unpopped kernels at the end of the popcorn bag) which was nice to munch on.

The restaurant just opened in Feb 2018; it's not super busy but definitely should be on the radar to check out. I'll be back again for their Piscos and the food next time around.
Disclaimer: Someone contacted me upon the original review being posted and used slur and threatening language asking to remove the review. Another person sent another threatening message. Speaks volumes. I reported it to Yelp. 

We live a block away and were excited about a new place opening in the neighborhood. 

Hostess took 8 min to verify we have a reservation, asking "are you sure it's the right name", us showing her res on  the phone, giving her first and last names, standing aside for the next guest, then her finally deciding she is seeing it on the list. Incredible. 

She then proceeded to ask if we need a cocktail menu because giving it to us with regular menus would appear too much to her apparently. 

Seated at the tables that was put together for a larger party with other two tables, then the hostess proceeded separating them while we were trying to actually get seated. 

Vista Peru ceviche wasn't described on the menu although considering it was their premium dish and double the price of the classic ceviche, that also lacked description, it was odd they decided to list no ingredients at all.

Two sauces were served in a small dish with nothing to go with which was a laughable afterthought.

Fairly disgusting  small plate with what best can be described as undercooked popcorn was placed on the table.

Random sliced avocado served with our appetizer, didn't go with it and also looked fairly overripe to be served as a whole piece. Completely unappetizing. Appetizer with mash potatoes was clearly premade. Although the menu lists tune, chicken and whatever else associated with that appetizer, none of that actually correlated to reality because if you order crab meat with cold mash potatoes that's actually what will be served. Neither chicken nor tuna are other two choices. Whoever wrote this menu never talked to the kitchen.

When the mains arrived we figured what the sauces previously served were for. Their purpose were to make the food at least barely edible and it actually helped. 

Entire operation seemed as if a bunch of teens decided to run a restaurant and they weren't a particularly skilled bunch.
Food was solid, but because it's a newer restaurant, I think they have still have a lot of service kinks to work out. Our server was really nice, but she was also the bartender, which means she had no time to wait tables. She took our order and never returned to our table to check in or ask if we wanted more drinks till our meal was done. We had to ask the busser (who was super on top of filling up water and clearing plates) to order drinks. Also, when we got the tab, there were three drinks on the bill that we hadn't ordered. They apologized and fixed the order. 

That said, our two main dishes (the lomo salteado and seco norteño) were delicious and a great value at under $20 each. The flan was well done, and the pisco sour was perfectly made. The ceviche tradicional was fresh but had way too much lime. Overall, a hit-or-miss experience.
I'll start with the Pros:
-good service. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and very attentive.
-The Pisco sours were awesome! We had the tamarind, passion fruit, and regular.
-The ceviche was very good. We got the classic. It was fresh and flavorful.

Cons:
I was hesitant about this place based on the Craig LaBan review and it seems they haven't corrected since.
-the grilled beef hearts came out cold. I sent them back and they cane out 1 minute later. It was clear they were just microwaved as they were very chewy. Also not a ton of flavor
-the vegetables came out cold as well
-the chicken was extremely dry and no flavor. A comment at the table was "A rotisserie chicken at the grocery store is much better."
-calamari was ok, but small portion
-lomo saltado was also under-seasoned 
- for the restaurant we would recommend a plate for discarding chicken bones if you are serving a whole chicken or bigger plates.


Everyone was extremely underwhelmed, especially  for the price. I would only go back for the drinks and ceviche.
Wow. What a spot. Let's start with service, it's wonderful and personal.  Everyone is always buzzing around without being too intrusive and they are so passionate about the cuisine.  I believe interpersonal connection sets up a good meal as good as anything.  The drinks are so good and different from The normal bar in philly. The food is incredible, I'm biased because I have been addicted to ceviche ever since pio pio in NY.  This is better. Omg. The menu is full of food I've never tried and it all sounded delicious.  I appreciate a menu that isn't too big, this feels more like a meal with friends than anything else. The rest of the food was even better, but I don't want to drone on too long. Go here, take a date here, Do anything here. I will be in the corner, with the ceviche!
I was with absolutely wonderful people when I was at Vista Peruvian.

The meal was festive because the occasion was happy and the company was sparkling.

However, Yelp does not review the wonderful people I had dinner with 

Nor can it promise you the good times that we had to celebrate.

So how does Vista Peru work for you the Yelp reader,

If you just have to go there for the food with whatever company you got?

* * *

Vista Peruvian tries too hard to go upscale.

They are good on exotic ingredients.

You can get grilled beef heart for an appetizer (thumbs up)

and purple corn pudding for dinner.

(I now know why purple corn never caught on.

Imagine corn starch fell in love with prune jelly.)

The seafood dishes make heavy use of lobster.

It gets the price of the dish up.

It may look dramatic in the plate

But it is a pain in the patooties to eat.

Pull a lobster chunk out of boiling soup with your hands.

Hold the blazing hot shell with your bare fingers while you try to crack it with the nutcracker. 

The stock makes the shell nice and slippery so your nutcracker will not succeed at doing what you want it to do.

However, at some point after several tries, holding the hot shell, you will pull out some shreds of lobster.

That lobster has been in boiling soup forever looking pretty

So the lobster taste has leeched out long ago.

You try to convince yourself, "Hey I'm eating lobster. This must be an upscale treat."

You then stick your fingers back into the boiling stock for a another frustrating struggle. After another battle, and more burning fingers, a few more strands of boiled-to-death lobster.

Your hands will not thank you.

* * *

Ceviche is not a thrill either.

Even the mild ceviche is spicy and fights with you. 

The spice kills much of the taste of the shellfish.

This may be authentic but it is not fun.

The other shellfish is more accessible and tastier.

Squid octopus and shrimp are not bad.

They have more exotic potatoes than most American restaurants do.

They are interesting but they do not make an overwhelming case for the superiority of Peru's unique potato heritage.

* * *
I have had way more fun in Peruvian places in Texas and California and paid a third of the price.

But grilled beef heart reminds me that life is still worth living.

And you can always comfort yourself with a pisco sour.

* * *

Or you can do what I did and come in with wonderful people 

Who have just done something wonderful.

Then you won't care if they serve you a raw octopus in a raw potato.
Usually when we visit Philly for work, we stay around the area so we were very excited to see a Peruvian restaurant open in Old City, since we're all fans of the cuisine.

We started off with the good old ceviche and wow it is amazing.  It's probably my favorite Peruvian ceviche I've tried anywhere.  The flavors just explodes and made me wish we ordered the other ceviches on the menu because that was definitely the best part of the dinner.

For the main, we decided to order a bunch of things and just shared.  To be honest, nothing really really stood out.  After looking through the menu, we decided to get what we were familiar with.  We had to get the lomo saltado to compare and we found it to be a bit bland overall.  The whole chicken was flavorful as well, but there's so many standout Peruvian chicken spots in LA that we were comparing it to, probably didn't really give it a fair shot.  Our waiter also recommended the sopa de mariscos, and the sauce that came with it was very good.  We couldn't but help we probably would've liked the garlic-heavy dishes a bit more after trying the sopa.

We didn't order any drinks since colleagues are pretty straight edged, but they do have Inca Kola, and that's always a treat!

Service was good with friendly staff.  Our side salad didn't come out on time but that's the only bad thing I can remember.

Definitely down to try again the next time I'm back in the area and try some more different menu items!
My wife and I came here on the second night this restaurant was opened. This Peruvian place has a lot of potential, being a Peruvian I wish they had less traditional foods. Don't get me wrong I love the traditional Peruvian foods but I feel like all Peruvian restaurants play it safe and stick to the popular entrees such as, Lomo Saltado, Ceviche and pollo a la brasa. I want to really eat the Peruvian food I grew up with such as Tallarines Verdes Con Bistec. With that being said this is a great Peruvian restaurant and the atmosphere was really nice. And my wife and I were so happy that they opened a fancier Peruvian place and the restaurant is in a great place (OLD CITY) :) 

My wife made reservations at 830pm and of course being the second night opened it was busy. Thank goodness she made a reservation since there was a line. It took a few minutes before getting seated but that was okay we were admiring the ceiling next to the bar and couldn't wait to sit down and eat. We sat right across from the bar close to the wall. The tables were far apart that we weren't hitting them when we stood up to go to the restroom or when we left. 

Food was good and we both cant wait to come back and try the foods they weren't serving. We started off with Yuca con papa a la huancaina salsa, my wife and I thought it was a little dry but its okay because we are sauce people and we loved to dip it. We loved it so much we had to ask for more sauce.  For dinner my wife ordered lomo saltado she loved it this is her favorite dish and I ordered cebiche mixto, I ordered the wrong thing lol but its ok next time I will order the Jalea like I wanted. 

The drinks were also good my wife ordered the pisco which she is always a big fan of and I ordered my favorite Chichia morada every time I drink this I think of my grandma. Overall we will be back to bring our friends and families here. There was an upstairs but we didn't get to sit up there maybe next time we will get to see it. Definitely a place to try if you never had Peruvian food or if you want a nice dinner.
Such a beautiful Peruvian themed addition to Old city. We specifically came here to try Pisco Sours because you don't find them easily in traditional bars or cocktail places! 

The bartender definitely knew what he was doing - he made us some delicious and incredible looking Piscos. Not only that, he also explained us what some of the foreign ingredients meant and that those were exclusively imported from Peru! Definitely check out if you are in the neighborhood.
If the service had been good, I would've given Vista Peru three stars because the food was dead average. But the service wasn't good and the food was definitely overpriced, so this rounds out to a 2.5. It was a busy warm night in April and the restaurant was buzzing. We opted for a seat at the bar, probably a mistake on our part. The bartender was nice but hapless fellow who had little faith in even his own capabilities ("whoa...should I write this down...will I remember it...?" he mused out loud as we began ordering). We started with the yuca frita appetizer. This was certainly the most disappointing of all the dishes - don't get it. It's pretty much the equivalent of French fries with a side of mustard/cheese/mayo sauce but it was lukewarm and small in portion size. Next I got the fish chaufa (stir fried Cantonese rice and fish), which was a tasty concoction of fried rice and vegetables. Good but nothing intriguing and absolutely not worth $14. The final dish was the lomo saltado, a combination of seared meat, vegetables and French fries. The beef was average and the fries were soggy.

Overall the restaurant was a disappointment. With so many great options in Philadelphia, I'm not sure I'd give Vista Peru another shot.
I walked all around old city with my wife looking for something good to eat while an "office" themed bar crawl raged around us. I put this on the list and then proceeded to look at every other place until I was cranky and frustrated and then listen to my wife(for once) and went back to "that peruvian place" 

So my only experience with Peruvian previously was Peruvian Chicken which is great, but this is SO much better. Cool decor, friendly staff, and a loud party of buffoons blathering on and laughing at their own jokes....ok that part sucked but then I hate people so there you go. 

But then the food, everything from the Pisco sour to the garlic shrimp the seafood and rice was so good it made me want to move to Philly....but then Philly told me they didn't like my attitude and I can't live there so instead I'll sneak back here to eat at Vista Peru every now and then.

Eat here because even though you're surrounded by annoying tourists you'll thank me for it. If not you're a soulless clown and should eat at Dennys.
The food and drinks at this restaurant deserved 5 out of 5 starts however the service was a 2 out of 5 starts and hence the overall 4 out of 5 stars.

Let's start with food: we got the following for the appetizers


YUCA FRITA CON SALSA A LA HUANCAINA - yuca in a yellow sauce. This is a dish that you cannot judge by the way it looks. Honestly, it did not look appetizing at all but it was once of the best dishes. The yellow sauce that was poured over the yuca was delicious and I ended up dipping everything in the sauce.

CAUSA CON HONGOS- mushrooms between potatoes. This dish was okay, it was dry and blend for me but everyone else at our table loved it .

CEVICHE VISTA PERU- 
Marinated lobster, fish fillet and octopus in fresh lime juice, red onions, cilantro, celery, sweet potato, corn. This dish was so refreshing and clean! The taste was fabulous and you could not taste the ocean!

YUCA FRITA- yuca fries- I believe you can never go wrong with fries, ever!

For dinner we got the following:


ARROZ CON MARISCO- seafood paella. Now we are not fans of paella but this is a paella we would eat again!


QUINOA SALAD- extremely refreshing and a great dishes to eat seafood with


PULPO A LA PARRILLA- grilled octopus. This is a must dish! It was amazing and I HIGHLY RECOMMENDED THIS DISH TO ANYONE!!! The flavor profile was fresh and not overbearing!
Vista Peru had a table at an event and it's been on my radar since. Although, I probably walked by it's second street location many times without realizing I passed it.

We popped in for an early dinner on Presidents Day, and had a mostly private experience. It was filling up by the time we left. Atmosphere was standard Old City; long dining room with cramped tables. The look was pleasant and fresh, but this isn't a spot for atmosphere.

Being there early, we were able to enjoy happy hour at the table, which includes the array of pesco sours. Frothy egg drinks tend to freak me out, but they were well done and tasty.

We shared the causas pollo from the happy hour menu. This appetizer left a little to be desired. The avocado was on the side and the potato was a little dry. There was a creamy chicken inside as well. It could've been authentic, but just wasn't my thing.

My main dish is what will keep me absolutely raving and returning. The lomo saltadowas phenomenal. The beef was cooked medium and some of the most tender, well seasoned meats I've had in a while. The risotto complimented it well.

Taking leftovers and saving some room for dessert, we split the lucuma ice cream to get the local, Peruvian flavor. It was creamy and sweet. The perfect closeout.

A nice experience with some very memorable meat.
Not really catered to big groups. Had to wait about 20 mins even when we reserved for table in advance. Not as good as pio pio but best in philly. Waiter was amazing and helpful. Food was great! Some dishes were plentiful while others were on the smaller side for the price. Quality of the food is good. Pollo la brasa could be better. Lomo saltado is amazing. The ceviche was super fresh. Drinks are good but on the pricier end. Cousa was on the smaller end, and not as meaty as other restaurants. The chaufa was good and flavorful, quinoa was not as flavorful. Anticucho was good and fresh.
I was so thrilled to have a Peruvian restaurant in Center City, but this establishment fell a bit short for me. My family and I grew up in a traditional Peruvian family, so we understand how serious our culture is with food. 

Me and my wife tried the mixed cebiche (Cebiche Mixto). The shrimp and calamari was spot on, yet the potato seemed a bit bland for my taste. I also had the Arroz Chaufa De Camarones (Seafood Fried Rice), and it was also rather bland. It would of been great if they had the soy sauce bottle handy, instead of having to request for one. 

Overall, it was an ok experience. It's nothing to write about, but it beats traveling to Paterson NJ or NYC for Peruvian food.
Vibes: unassuming, casual but classy with a touch of traditional decor and background music; bring a date or a few friends to sit at the bar or small tables

Tasting notes:
Canchas: per server, corn that has been dried for 30 days before being toasted; crunchiness and snack-able nature  is super addicting
Tequeños: chewy, creamy cheese sticks in a light, crispy wrapper; guacamole is on the greener side and incredibly fresh
Jalea: lightly seasoned and fried calamari, fish filet, mussels, octopus with tangy tomato and red onion salad on top; large, starchy sticks of yuca were great for dipping into chile sauces; a very shareable dish if you're looking to try other dishes on the menu

Other thoughts:
-Love the happy hour DIY pisco sour (I was recommended passion fruit, which did not disappoint)
-Great variety of seafood dishes, which is not something I see often in Philly
-Staff is attentive and very welcoming
We walked down 2nd street after a late arrival in Philadelphia. My fiancé picked the place bc we were hungry and it was the next door. OH MY GOSH, we wee glad he did. The ceviche was not only BEAUTIFUL, but some of the best we've had. We also ordered the lomo saltado. Seriously, I was texting pics to friends who live here (and who don't)before we even finished. Drinks were delish, too. And the service was great!!! Highly recommend.
My husband and I outdoor dined here. All staff wore masks and gloves. The staff wiped our table down before being seated. Everyone was socially distant from each other. The ceviche was to die for! My husband and I literally drank the sauce left over! It was a nice date for us for our day trip to Philly. Next time I would try a different ceviche!
Dinner was amazing. The Food was very flavorful,  fresh and delicious. We ordered the Paella Marinera, Ceviche Vista Peru, and the Octopus. Everything was delicious.
I dined solo at the bar and so glad that I came in when I did. Less than 5 minutes after I settled down at the bar, the place instantly filled up. 

They have a pretty large menu and I had a difficult time deciding on what I wanted. I was on a work trip so I didn't want to drink any alcohol so the bartender made a drink from a sweet ginger syrup with soda water. 

I was debating on either the octopus dish or the lomo saltado. After consulting the bartender, he recommended the lomo saltado as that is more of a signature dish. I'm glad I did! 

I chose to cook the beef to medium but I think it came more like medium well. I would recommend getting it medium rare. The beef chunks were cooked with peppers, onions, and tomatoes and topped with fries. On the side is a small ring of rice which I could use a little bit more. The fries soaked up some of the sauce and tasted really good. I'm not an onions or peppers person so I actually picked those out. But the tomatoes slices are awesome. They were sweet and juicy. I downright finished every bit of the food except the onion, pepper, and cilantro bits. 

This was a satisfying meal. Glad to visit a new spot as a visitor! I'm also happy to know that the bartender recommended an honestly signature dish instead of upsell me on other items on the menu. The other octopus dish I was debating on getting is $24 or so and the lomo saltado is $17.
This is an awesome restaurant for a fun girls night or dinner celebration. It is cute and modern, with touches of Peruvian influence. They were really busy on a Saturday night so we had to wait for a while before being seated, and everything seemed a bit hectic. However, after we sat down things went pretty smooth. I loved the corn they give for the table, it's super crunchy little kernels full of salt and other flavors. For the appz we tried the ceviche, which was one of the best ones I've ever had, followed by the mushroom/mashed potato tower that was delicious. The drinks were also great, and super strong. I really enjoyed my purple pisco sour. We also tried the seafood paella...definitely recommend splitting this one as it was huge! Overall this was a really good experience, with excellent food.
Love this place! I've been twice. Great authentic food!! Stopped in for a pisco sour and it took me back to South America. I tried the cow heart appetizer an it was phenomenal!!! The decor is lovely. Perfect spot for drinks or a date night
This was the best "Arroz con Mariscos" I've had. Service was outstanding, the waiter was super cool. Food came fast, authentic to Peruvian cuisine.

The space and ambience will transport you to Perú, I felt I was there, believe me. Nazca lines and masks hanging from the wall. Good music.

Would totally come back again.
I went to this place 2 in like 3 days. I ordered the Lomo Saltado the second time because I tasted it off one of my coworkers orders? Shiiiid lol everything that was at th table was good! We were just eating off of each other's plates! If I come back to philly? This is the first place to go! Loved all dishes that I've eaten thus far!
Stopped in here for a quick drink before grabbing dinner elsewhere. It was pretty empty for 6 PM on a Saturday. Our bartender was really nice and helpful in making recommendations. We ended up trying the pisco sour and really enjoyed it. Would definitely come back to see how their food is.
Was hoping to enjoy this place but the flavors just were not there. 

Service : mediocre at best . We had a big group and I did not understand why the waitress wanted to wait until every single guest arrived before putting in for apps , obviously the kitchen couldn't keep up with 30+ orders at once because some people who ordered entrees last got their food before those who ordered French Fries FIRST. Bad mistake on the servers part. Those fries were freshly frozen btw, not worth any sort of wait. 

Food : I did not enjoy anything tbh. The potato with mushroom and avocado was bland as can be. Did not know almost every dish would be served cold (this should be stated on the menu that they're cold). I had to ask for salt pepper n lime plus their hot sauces to make a sauce for my dishes. It's mushroom stuffing between two patties of potatoes and a whole avocado sliced on the side with an odd purple purée. Just in my opinion, it didn't look appetizing because green + purple ... and yellow really? Aside from the odd presentation, it was flavorless. I also had mussels, also cold, topped with tomato and onions tossed in lime juice. Again. No flavor. The mussels tasted frozen or out of a box which I buy often from the Asian market and it tasted just like that. I've tasted some people's ceviche, which is literally seafood tossed in lime juice, no flavoring or nothing, but for $30+ for that??? That's a bit ridiculous. I've tried the quinoa with mushrooms, also bland. Not an ounce of any spices. The fried rice was bland, some soy or crushed garlic flavors would have made this dish heavenly. The garlic shrimp was so chewy and rubbery that you can just tell it was not given attention to In the kitchen. Attention is not given much in the kitchen as there was a little bit of "extra protein" on our friend's dish that we had to return it. 

I've had Peruvian food before and this place does not represent the Peruvian flavors. I feel the flavors were a bit dummy downed for those who are not familiar with the original taste of Peruvian cuisine, and they aren't taking the risk to put their spices in these dishes. Almost every single dish was bland. Unsure of who are saying these foods were great, but I'd say come explore some flavors and spices with me THEN we can talk flavor. 

Never go based on anyone's palette, so I'd say try this place and make your own judgement. They have so much potential, but I feel like feedback needs to be given and taken.
We are in town for the week and haven't been to a Peruvian restaurant since we moved from nyc two years ago. Married into a Peruvian family so it's always nice to give a new spot a try. The pisco sour was great, and all the food was quite good. Portions are generous and pricing is normal for such a restaurant
First sips of chicha morada were good, but after the ice began melting it got watered down. Order it without ice.

Pisci sour was delicious..

Anticuchos were tasty, served with savory slices of potato and an earlette of choclo.

Papa a la Huancaina was not to my liking. It tasted like there was no queso in it, a key component. It had an unusual flavor, like it was made from a powder you mix with water vs fresh ingredients.

Arroz con Marisco was tasty. It's a seafood risotto with clams, mussels, shrimp and bits of squid, along with some choclo chucked in for freshness. Texture was a bit pasty and shrimp were overcooked.

Picante de Mariscos is listed with a "spicy cream sauce". It was a tomato sauce with black pepper, and shrimp, clams, mussels and tiny pieces of squid. There seemed to be no cream or dairy component and the black pepper was predominant. The big clams in shell were tough and chewy and the shrimp were overcooked.

Tallarines Verde con Bistek was tasty. A mild green pesto spaghetti topped with an over easy egg and a side of very thin, marinated steak. The steak was not exactly tender, but it was flavorful.

Overall I would not go back here. Papa a la Huancaina is one of our favorites and to not get it right is kind of a sin.
3.5 stars because they're still working things out as a new restaurant, which isn't easy.

We arrived after making a reservation in the first week of March. I called to confirm it the day of because no one had confirmed it with me, but no one picked up. We had to move our reservation back an hour so we got a hold of someone and confirmed it was moved. When we arrived at the restaurant, the hostess and manager questioned whether we actually made a reservation. We were seated after about five minutes that by the hostess who was wearing bright, large Nike sneakers.

The downstairs dining room feels a little cramped (bumped into lots of chairs to my way in the back).  The restrooms are very odd. There are 2 stalls and a shared sink, but there is no door separating the bathroom from the waiters' stand in the back.

We were able to order drinks quickly from a nervous, young looking waiter. Their chicha sour is quite good. I really enjoy pisco sours and chica so what more could I ask for? Additionally, the glass was bigger than my previous trip.

The best thing we ordered was the lomo saltado, a Peruvian staple. The ceviche was okay- definitely medium spiced, which packed some heat. Fried calamari was crunchy and good, but I'm not sure it was worth how much we paid. Yuccas were yuccas. Hard to mess that up. We got the picante mariscos, which was good, but the sauce was incredibly salty. This forced our table to ask for more water several times because our glasses were empty a lot of the night. The paella was good but was not worth the wait (25 min. According to our waiter). The seafood was cooked very well, but the rice was a little underdone.

From start to finish, we spent 2 hours here, which is far too long for a restaurant like this. Improvements we are hoping to see in the future: real menus, rather than stapled paper; a divider between the bathroom and the back hallway; speedier service; more description on the menus; and better communication between employees for reservations. I will be back but just for the chicha sour.
3.5 stars. 
Located in a converted row house, like many of the olde city establishments, the space is long and a little narrow. As described in other reviews, there are two distinct spaces. The narrower front area with bar and two-top tables, features colorful woven-style art and face masks on the walls, while the wider rear space has minimalist design on the walls and brighter lighting, with table tops on one side and banquet seats faced by chairs on the other. A light wood ceiling runs throughout. 

The food was pretty good and mostly flavorful, if a touch salty.
Appetizers: The calamares Fritos-very good. Crisp, perfectly seasoned calamari, delicious dipping sauce. Wish the portion was larger. The causa was tasty.

Mains: Salmon was broiled salmon with 2 sides and garlic sauce served on the side. The cook/texture was excellent and the sauce was delicious. Got a bit salty after a while.
Paella marinera-seafood paella with lobster, shrimp and clams. Rice and seafood were all cooked well, but again a bit salty.
Lomo saltado over risotto-very flavorful and the meat was cooked as ordered, could have been a little more tender, though.
All main portions were generous. 

Service: Gabi was a good waitress. Unfortunately, as the place began to fill up she had to attend to about 8 or 9 tables herself, so lots of wait time in between service.  The busboy assisted when he could. 

The menu is pretty interesting, and We'd return to try other dishes.
DELICIOUS!!  I went with a group of foodies and everyone LOVED their food.  The cebiche clasico was the star of the evening - flavorful, fresh and SPICY (be sure to let the waiter know if you don't do spice!).  The entrees were great: we ordered the seco norteno (goat), the arroz con marisco (rice with seafood) and the jalea (crispy fish fillet) - and everyone cleaned their plates.

Service was friendly and knowledgeable.  Only hiccup: the entrees came about 2min after the appetizer.  Not a problem for us though.

Everyone raved about our experience.  We will definitely be back.
I had a fantastic dinner here the other night. The inside of the restaurant is in a lovely modern style with custom wood ceilings, cushy banquettes and soft lighting. 

The Lomo Saltado I had here was perfect. Think tender bits of steak, fresh summer tomatoes and pillowy french fries to soak up all the juices.
Well yesterday was third visit to this place I am Peruvian, I ordered anticuchos or beef hearts and I really don't feel the smokey flavor that it should have last time I was here I ordered the same and it was the same and I also ordered charbroiled chicken and it was good the fries were great . I think they should play more Peruvian music to feel more like at home and the tables for two are really small. I will come back next year for sure to explore more the menu.
This place can beat bobby flay with its seafood rice dish. Got the classic combo and I think it's the best dish ice had in a long time. Definitely recommend this spot.
I was convinced to come here from a friend of mine.  So I made reservation. When we arrived we were seated right away. At first I thought this place is nice and with a small bar. We ordered our drinks that took forever..... our food took forever! Food was delicious, I love the ceviche! My date ordered a beer and our waiter Nathan forgot. When I ask him about the beer he replied "I Know!" Ok so if he knew, where's the beer? Our waiter seem to rush everything but our service took forever. So finally, we got our check and yet again Nathan thought he gave us the wrong check. Lord. I tried my best to me patient and kind. After being held up for almost 2 hours just for dinner really made me upset. Won't be returning.
I'd like to add another half star if I could. The missing star--which I think accounts for the vast mix of other reviews--is that the food experience depends on what you order. They are amazing at some dishes, weaker in others.

Jalea. This is the dish they've absolutely mastered. Perfect light fry coating that brings out the seafood flavors and spices. They do this even better than their sister restaurants, El Balconcito. 

Also excellent are the causa acevichada, ceviche, tiradito, paella. 

Less success with the chaufas (too much soy sauce and a little bland) and the Pollo a la brasa (dry). 

The arroz con mariscos is great, too (but El Balconcito does it better), but if you've ever upgraded to their paella it might be hard to revert.

Always excellent service too!
Excellent atmosphere, incredible service a total dinIng experience.

We came here for my birthday and so glad we did. Authentic dishes, cocktails and desserts.

The interior is trendy, extensive menu and honest servers. I was getting the paella and our server told us it was big enough for two, and it sure was. 

Everything was fresh and served accordingly. 

We will return to this gem.
This was probably one of the most disappointing meals I've eaten in a long time. The night started out weird when we entered and the host was on the phone and we received no acknowledgement of our presence. We waited awkwardly while he continued with the call he was on instead of attending to the guests who were in front if him. Our cocktails took 30 minutes to arrive at our table even after a couple of check ins with our server (the restaurant nor the bar were full). I want to report better but I just have to say... abysmal. We started with the rubbery, and what to me tasted , frozen calamari that we ate because we were hungry but commented on how bad it was along with the dipping sauce that tasted like nothing. What was that sauce anyway? I ordered the "special" fried steak with an egg on top , white rice and plantains and french  fries. It was awful. The steak was fatty, gristly and I ordered it medium and it came raw. The french fries were of the frozen variety and the white rice was... well... white rice. The egg was well done so there was no runny yolk. It was gross. My friend ordered the goat, and I'm not kidding when I say it was mostly bones with no meat. It was almost laughable. She probably had one solid bite of meat and the rest was just not edible.  She basically ate beans and rice and paid 20 bucks. I hate to leave this review but honestly, I felt ripped off. Like they are charging quite a bit of  money and delivering very little. I can't even remotely recommend this place. Enter at your own risk.  We high tailed it out of there and made our way to Royal Boucherie and ordered appetizers at the bar. That saved the evening a little, but didn't make up for the money that basically went down the drain at Visit Peru.
Nice addition to Old city. Would go back. 

Pros: 
Nice clean but beautiful interior including Peruvian textiles on the walls which was a nice touch. 
Portions were surprisingly last especially the Ceviche classico, which was excellent
Pisco Sour was excellent as well
Very nice waiter
Fried corn kernels for a snack were delicious
They have things such as bull's heart that (I think) you can't get elsewhere. 

Cons:
Fried rice with chicken was exactly like Chinese style fried rice and not a good version at that
Not used to such large servings of Ceviche - would probably have been better if it was smaller and more reasonably priced. 

Excellent date spot, great ceviche and ambiance.
So disappointing.  I never write reviews even though I love eating/cooking/critiquing food, but this experience really got to me.  Having had amazing Peruvian food in New York and LA I've been hoping for a great Peruvian source in Philly (Peruvian ceviche is like no other!).  
The restaurant is beautiful- they nailed the decor - a blend of traditional and modern aesthetics.  
The complimentary roasted corn snack is standard yummy saltiness. We started with the ceviche Classico which was solid - good, not amazing. We tried the pulpo as well but it was chewy and less flavor even though the same sauce and accompaniments were used.  The Frito Yucca was crispy but dry and the  Huancaina sauce (a Peruvian standard) was subtle and the spice overwhelmed any flavor.  
We tried the goat and grilled pulpo for entrees.  The goat was rich and tender as were the beans but the plate was mostly rice.  The grilled pulpo was tender as it should be but no char or smoke to indicate being grilled and the vegetables were blaa/dry.  I know boiled vegetables are part of the tradition... but for the price they better be the best damn boiled potatoes ever. 
Plating was clunky at best.  
We tried the purple corn pudding for dessert which came as a gelatinous mass in a bowl with a sprinkle of cinnamon on top.  No texture element. I couldn't finish it and I come from a never waste food upbringing. 
The service was ok, waitress was awkward and unconvincing.  
All this to say I can see my friend Ana (Peruvian who schooled me in this amazingly unique and complexly influenced cuisine) shaking her head saying, "no, no this is not right." I 
hope those who gave great reviews one day get to taste real Peruvian food!  The food could be ok for a hole in the wall comfort food place but at these prices (easily over $100 for two), NO WAY!!! ... Philly... the search for amazing Peruvian food continues.
My friends and I really enjoyed this place a lot! We  couldnt find a place last minute to accommodate 20+ people for a birthday dinner. This was the only place available so we took it! Plus most of us have not had Peruvian food before. 

We booked on open table which was super convenient. They called to confirm and asked for details about the birthdays - it was a dinner for 3 birthday men and we had 3 separate cakes which they were okay with and even kept in the fridge for us. 

The dinner was on the 2nd floor, they set up a long table in the back next to the bar. It was really nice! Very inviting and everyone there was really friendly and accomodating. We order soooooo many drinks and soooooooo much food ! Everything was so good. They had everything we wanted, got us everything we needed, and introduced us to things we didnt even know was good or existed lol. Everything was so simple yet so well organized for accommodating so many of us last minute. I literally booked it like 2 nights before!

We didnt feel rushed. There were no attitudes, if anything one of our servers, the one on my side of the table, was soo amazing and cute! She kept bringing me these banging mojitos mm yum ! Service was great. 

I forgot what I got to eat, I was a bit buzzed and there was so much food. I think I ate everything actually. What I wont forget Bout is their mixed ceviche omg I'm def planning a visit in the very near future. Now I want it.

So then it was cake time. We got to do everything as planned, it was perfect. Food was better than we expected. Very filling and different from what were used to.

Def recommended coming here for large groups, small groups, by yourself... whatever!
Great food but horrible horrible service. Waited 90 minutes for the food. Waiter messed up orders and forgot food. Not a comfortable temperature, way too warm. Not sure if the great food was worth it.
Came to Vista Peru 2/24/18 
Let me begin with, this was their 1st day open, and it's just common sense to understand there is going to be mistakes, I LOVE THE DECOR, THE SPACE, THE MUSIC! As a born and raise Peruvian, I felt like Home! 
Drinks were excellent!
The menu has more than enough for Philly!
We order almost everything;)
Crab-meet Causa 
Ceviche Mixto  
Lomo saltado 
Arroz con mariscos 
Jalea 
Pisco Spur 
Wine  
On your 1st night open as a Business owner myself, I expected long wait for my food, 
I enjoyed my time there, I guess when you are with the right people and the right ambience everything else doesn't matter!
Please don't be misguided, Peruvian food IS NOT spicy, but you always have  the choice of adding amazing chili sauces (we have the best) if is your preference! 
I am already planning on coming back for the chicken! Peruvian tradition, and the Seco! and I'll update my review on that! 
-----PHL! FINALLY!
I was very excited to go try this new restaurant. Unfortunately I was very underwhelmed. For an appetizer we got papa a la Huancaina (cheesy potatoes dish). It was served cold and the cheese was like velveeta it was really gross. For a main course we ordered camarones a ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce). Not only was the food Luke warm but the shrimp were so overdone that I could not stick my fork through them. We also ordered lomo saltado (steak with tomato and onions mixed with French fries). This dish was also Luke warm, the meat was over cooked and the sauce just tasted like plain soy sauce. It was nothing to get excited for. When the manager came and checked on us we let him know our feedback and he seemed very shocked about the food temperature because he said he just "cooked it himself in the kitchen in the back and it just came off the stove."

Disclaimer: the restaurant did comp the shrimp
I would have to say, it's a good addition to the Philly area. The Food it's delicious, and the price are good too.
I arrived after lunch hours. He make server was very hospitable. The restaurant was spotless and the music was very inviting. As a good Peruvian and know ceviche by heart. I order the ceviche Vista and it was the best ceviche that I have ever had. Tip: order the Maracuya sour, you will not regret it
This new restaurant is wonderful. A beautiful and comfortable interior, great service, and a terrific menu. I had causa acevichada, a Peruvian style ceviche. The flavor was astounding. It was combined with mashed potatoes and avocado and a garnish of seaweed. Really special
Unfortunately we had a very unpleasant experience. Some reviewers indicated slow service and this is part of the bad experience we got though our waiter was very nice and respectful the whole dinner service. Our drinks came to us after 25 mins. We think restaurant might be severely understaffed but wide and I were enjoying our time and didn't mind. We also didn't order fancy cocktails and got water fyi.

We ordered the mussels appetizer (which was ok), the ceviche mixto(decent). We got this 45 mins but again it was ok. Our entree didn't come after an 1.5 hrs and we asked and waited explained there was a special guest at the restaurant and all the tables were getting repriotized and as a result kitchen is backed up. We appreciate the honesty but this cant be a way to run a buisness. We indicated that's fine but we had an engagement party to go to that day and my pregnant wife needed to eat prior to this. Waiter again was good and somehow coerced the kitchen to get our food but the dish we got mariscos picante was a plate of overcooked seafood (good sauce however). We indicated our displeasure and couldn't finish the meal.

I was little surprised we didn't get no comp for the meal or at least have someone take our feedback but I wasnt going to make scene with my pregnant wife with me so I just let it go and got my wife pizza.

Its ashamed I a lm a huge fan of Peruvian food. We cried when chifa closed. Quinoa in Doylestown is very good. I can not support this place.
Been waiting for 12 years for a Peruvian restaurant in Philly. It's arrived! And it's great. I really loved the Jalea (nice and moist and limey) and the cebiche mixto. My friend liked the steamed mussels. The pisco sours were delicious. Tastes just like the authentic Peruvian food I'm use to in Miami. Eat here! Make a reservation if it's a weekend night. It's busy. Mel at the bar was great. My only suggestion is to offer leche de tigre and to serve ceviche with those salty nuts that they are normally served with in Peru.
Perfect date spot! The restaurant has two levels - the downstairs is more restaurant feeling and has an amazing wood ceiling architecture (definitely check it out even if you're upstairs) and the upstairs is more bar/cocktail vibe. 

Ordered the ceviche classico as an app and one of their seafood rice entrees (felt like a paella). The entree itself was so so. Not a lot of flavor and is really just seafood thrown in with rice. I wouldn't be as critical but the prices should justify higher satisfaction. 

The real standout was the ceviche. Amazing flavor, good portions and sharing friendly. My date and I both discussed how we should've ordered a few ceviche options and shared as our entree. 

I definitely plan on coming back to try that out - pending my second try this will remain 5 stars or drop to 4 if we only like the ceviche.
So happy to have a great Peruvian restaurant downtown.  Recently learned about this place and wanted to give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I was looking for vegan options and they had several.  First the Pisco sour (no egg) was incredible. For dinner, I ordered the yuca frita (without cheese) and Arroz Chaufa de quinoa.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  They have really flavorful spicy sauce I added to the arroz dish.  Our server was really attentive and friendly.  Happy to visit again
My experience revolved around sliding our table to the left.  To the right.  To the left.  To the right.  I'm sure dining was supposed to be an aerobic experience! I guess I could make flavorless rice at home and remain still. This place will close within few months.
Awesome food . I love the ceviche clásico very
Tasty and well done . The papa ala huancaina was good too . Lomo saltado was excellent very tasty I'll repeat . The staff was very helpful and very accommodating. Next time I'll try different dishes .
It was ok. 

- Pollo a la brasa: The flavor was good, but it the meat was a bit dry. The fries didn't have salt (or very little) and the chicken was too small for the price.
- Anticuchos: The flavor was good. We asked for Huancaina sauce and it was a great addition. 
- Causa acevichada: Awesome. Would totally return for this. The fish was fresh and the flavor perfect.
- Mazamorra y arroz con leche: Arroz con leche good (a bit dry though) but the Mazamorra tasted like artificial flavor. 

Overall the food was ok. But I think it wouldn't be a good restaurant in Peru
I came in on a Friday night on the second floor. This place was a disappointment. To start, we ordered Cebiche Mixto mild, the sauce was super spicy and Grilled beef heart was a little bit overcooked. For main course, we had quarter chicken was dry, and grilled octopus was super dry, looked like it has been sitting there for so long. One page of the menu was Peruvian Cantonese style.. made me question how "purely Peruvian" this place is.. Anyway, won't visit again. Not worth it.
This restaurant was amazing!! The food tasted delicious, the staff was very attentive, and the drinks were boozy and good. The lomo saltado was on point, with the flavors mixing well and coming out rather promptly. The place is rather small and hot, but that's about the only complaint I had, everything else was beyond awesome. Definitely recommend, especially if you have never had Peruvian food. Try the lucuma ice cream!!!!
Really great spot for dinner. The food was awesome and Pisco Sours were very tasty. The Octopus, Risotto con lomo saltado, and ceviche were extremely good. 

I went for the first time last night and will definitely go back!
Came here on a Saturday night. Service was quick. Food was delicious. The ceviche was my favorite, flavorful and has the right amount of heat to it. The steak and octopus were good as well.
We came in at 7pm and were worried that there were no other customers.   This also meant that we were given VIP treatment. We weren't sure what to order so we shared the paella, the other shrimp in cream sauce, plantains, and the lomo saltado. All of the food was delicious! We kept going even though we were full! Their drinks were great! All of the food was recommended by the waiters.
I've delayed posting this review because the food was extremely underwhelming. We had dinner March 24th and we were really excited to try out this new restaurant... well... yeah... the food wasn't disgusting... there was just too much lime... lemon... onion... just too much. My teeth felt like they were eroding from how acidic the dishes were. I was so thankful for the plantains to balance that out. 

The dessert was tooooo sweet too. My poor tongue was on a roller coster ride. By the end of it all. 

The service was good. We had no issues with our reservations. The restaurant is small but has character. I really like that about the place. 

You can go here if you want but... lower your expectations.
What an amazing spot!  I had seen Vista Peru at a restaurant sampling event and got to sample their tasty food, leading to us venturing to the restaurant a couple months later.  Worth it!

The drinks are to die for.  The classic Pisco Sour, the drink of Peru, comes in many tasty varieties.  That was really the highlight!  The food was great, with plantains being the star of most of the dishes.  Definitely worth checking out.
I decided to try this restaurant with my friend based on yelp reviews and due to the fact they were televising the soccer game. The menu has a decent amount of options at different price levels. Some of the portions are a bit small. The ambiance was great. Today they were extremely busy, but the servers were able to keep up with the influx of customers. I do plan on returning in the future and would recommend this restaurant to others.

PS: My friend loved their pisco sour!
Incredible service, and amazing drinks -- the passion fruit pisco sour in particular is a standout! I tried several dishes and all were delicious and enjoyable -- lomo saltado, whole snapper, ceviche, & the shrimp in garlic sauce. The only thing I didn't like was the causa, but I think that's a preference thing. It was definitely a unique dish, worth trying for the adventure.
Heard a lot of wonderful things about Vista Peru, so my husband and I decided to take his father and father's girlfriend there over the weekend while they were visiting Philly. Although the decor is certainly nice and modern, nothing in the dining area really screams Peruvian, but I tend to not base my reviews on solely such things. 

The food is what I came for! And if I was judging based solely on the cebiche appetizer we got, I'd probably be giving the place five stars. We got the classico, and you're offered three levels of heat - not spicy, slightly spicy, and spicy. We opted for spicy, and it was quite hot. But very tasty.

Alas, the main entrees were the let down. I ordered the lomo saltado with the risotto, which I was very much looking forward to. While I ordered the steak medium, it pretty much came out well done. But either way, the steak was barely seasoned. The risotto was quite soupy. The dish just didn't do it for me. I've had excellent and highly flavorful lomo at other Peruvian places, but this was so bland I could not call it anything other than a disappointment.
First of all, glad to see a latin restaurant in center city area.  I found this place looking for peruvian food (lacks good options in philly).

Went for lunch (first floor only) and had a great experience (see my other review for their sister restaurant).  I felt welcomed and love the decor.  It was empty as i was one of the first customer but you can tell that this place will be lovely with people in there.

Tried a couple items from their menu and all were solid.  Would recommend this place to others and will go back for drinks/dinner
The food was absolutely INCREDIBLE. I was in the mood for something filling, but unique. This hit both those nails on the head. I didn't even notice the place when I first walked by, but realized where it was my second time down the street. 

When I arrived (solo), I was asked if I had a reservation... I didn't. But maybe because it was just me, they let it slide? The gentleman at the door took me to my seat which was only about 10ft inside the restaurant... From where I was sitting, the vibe seemed basic, and borderline sterile with so much slightly off-white wall space. If they were going for something, I don't think it's quite working...

I ordered the Lomo Saltado and a Cusqueña, which I'm lead to believe is a Peruvian beer? (If it's not, I was fooled and feeling authentic as a mug.) Anywho... The Food: W. Effing O. W. So good. Such a great mix of flavors. I cried tears of joy & appreciation deep down in my heart... Like... Ugly cry as I took each bite. Just the right amount of steak that was ever so tender... Fries and onions a perfect contrast... The rice was just right... The hot sauces they brought we're on point... The food was amazing. 

I would give it 5 stars if the vibe was a bit more intentional and polished. (Maybe it is when you get further than 10ft in?) Not only would I recommend this place, but I would say, if you're in the area, YOU HAVE TO STOP BY!!! I'm heading out on Monday, but I think I'll pop by one more time before I do.
Really good authentic Peruvian food. Went out for a friends birthday and had a great time. I was a bit adventurous and tried the Grilled beef heart and it was delicious. I would highly recommend. 

On my second trip here I Got a chance to talk with Patrice one of the owners, and she not only mixed up some awesome Piscos for me, but also taught me about what they were in a fun way. I had a great time and will continue to come back!
Last minute find for my birthday. Food was amazing every dish was done to perfection.  Seafood was off the charts delicious.  This place is a must if your in old town.   I plan to go back!
Oh my god this place is so great! Food was great. Drinks were great. Their ceviche was probably the best I have had. Great service. The vibe is cool toom deff reccomend it :) I would come back if I am ever in philly again
We've been trying to find a great Peruvian place in Philly for a little while now. Vista Peru is not it.

The service was mediocre at best, rude at worst. The man sitting at the front desk did one of those super classy things where when we arrived he was on the phone, and so was half speaking to us, but half speaking to the customer on the line in the same low, quiet tone of voice. It was impossible to tell who he was speaking to so we just stood awkwardly until he hung up. You know when you're in a bodega and the cashier is on the phone the whole time, but still checking people out? Think that kind of vibe - except instead of buying condoms and cigarettes you're prepping yourself to drop ~$100 for a meal.

When we got to our table, our waitress was sweet but oblivious. I'm curious if this particular restaurant doesn't inspire the kindest clientele, because she appeared visibly shocked when I asked her how her evening was going.

Our food came out relatively quickly, which was great! If I had to choose one word to describe the food it would be "overcooked". I will give them a lot of credit for the unique flavor combinations that we experienced - some of the rice dishes in particular stand out. Anticipating fresh, bright flavors, we leaned heavily toward the seafood side of things, which may have been a mistake. Shrimp were well overdone and tasteless - the kind you might expect if you make the mistake of ordering shrimp fried rice from a Chinese restaurant that is clearly a front for something less legal. The cebiche itself was tough and chewy, but the accompaniments were tasty.

One thing I will note - this place seems particularly well known for their cocktails, which I admit we did not order. Perhaps that's part of the appeal of Vista Peru. I can safely say the food is not.
Amazing amazing experience celebrating my birthday in Vista Peru. Our server was exceptional , muchas gracias a Edid. She was the best. and our bartender, Victor who made the best Pisco Sour cocktails. I will definitely be coming back to celebrate more parties.
I really wanted to like this place, but I was really underwhelmed. I truly love Peruvian food for its complex flavors and unique sauces. However this place did not meet my expectations.

First, the service was horrible. We were at our tables with a glass of water for about 15-20 minutes. (I counted) The restaurant was not packed but maybe understaffed? But it seemed like other tables were being taken care of quickly. Any who, we ordered the Yucca appetizer to start which came with 3 different sauces. Let me just say when I'm eating Yucca fries I expect them to taste fresh. This app tasted like it was frozen and then fried? It definitely had a weird taste to it, I couldn't tell what though. The sauces were okay, nothing to rave home about. 

Now the entrees were also okay... My friend ate her shrimp and rice and I had the seafood rice. But again, if I'm comparing this to other Peruvian food, for example Pio Pio in NYC then this just doesn't meet the same standard. Maybe we came on the wrong day, but with the food and the poor customer service, I don't think I'll be coming again.
Outstanding meal! Highly recommend the shrimp ceviche. The Peruvian Malbec was also really good. Reasonable prices and great service. A hidden gem.
Had dinner here with my friend.  It was an outstanding meal.  The hostess, Dara, was so friendly on the phone when I made the reservation and in person.  Our waitress, Dulce, was so helpful.  My pisco cocktail with essence of passion fruit was wonderful.  My meal was two dinners in one: a ceviche on one side and paella on the other side loaded with shrimp, some mussels, and clams.  My buddy, Dave, had a marinated steak with pesto spaghetti and an egg with a dry martini featuring Grey Goose vodka as his beverage.  He also loved his meal as much as I did.  There are so many tempting appetizers and entrees on the menu that I cannot wait to return.  So great to try Peruvian cuisine.
The quality of the food is superb. I wish I could say this about any of the Peruvian restaurants I have visited where I live, in New York City. Better than this, you need to go to Perú. The seafood was extremely fresh, especially the Vista Ceviche. The fish chaufa had clean flavors and nothing was greasy. We also had the seafood grill which was done to perfection. Pisco sours were really good, although quite small. I'm not a big fan of flan, but this one was super creamy and the caramel was perfect. My only complaint was the excessive and harsh amount of monotonous and monotone light. Also, we came here expecting terrible service, since some divas had complained about it, but we were actually very pleased with the prompt and courtesy of the staff. Will definitely come back for more
4 stars for food and drink quality, 2 stars for atmosphere. We came on a Saturday evening several weeks ago when the restaurant was not very crowded, but instead of being seated up front near the dimly lit bar, we were ushered to a room further back that had the strangest lighting I've ever seen in a relatively upscale restaurant. It could best be described as glaringly florescent, which did not seem to be the vibe the restaurant was going for at all. Oddly, it appeared that mostly everyone was being seated in that area rather than in the much prettier space up front. It was a most unflattering light for both human beings and our dinners.

On the upside, the portions were generous and the food was tasty. It's far from the best Peruvian food I've ever had, but considering that it's one of Philly's only (or perhaps the only?) option for this type of cuisine, it wasn't disappointing. The prices are a bit high, but I had enough left over that I needed nothing else for lunch the next day, and they did not skimp on the seafood in my dish. They also offer delicious cocktails -- not just pisco sours, though I had one of those and it was delicious -- along with Peruvian and other wines by the glass.

If I had a guarantee I'd be seated up front, or if I planned to have dinner at the bar, I'd try Vista Peru again to see whether it would make for a better overall experience. But as long as there's any chance I'll end up in Florescents Land again, I think I'd rather pass.
Visited on opening day, haven't seen too many peruvian joints open in philadelphia so it was a welcome sight. Pretty good overall. Drinks were good, the portion on the octopus ceviche was great, ive been to places like oyster house that have smaller portions which is a bummer.  I think with time it'll get better, the menu was a bit disorganized. The front page is actually for the bar upstairs which you wouldnt know by looking at it and it apparently serves totally different drinks altogether (kind of weird), and the menu itself was just three pages stapled together. I think for the gold foil quality napkins, this feels like a mistake. I figure maybe their menu covers were being shipped or hadnt arrived for opening day?  That was really my only complaint. Will return once they settle in.  I think the outside could use better signage, kind of gets overshadowed by the cuban place and bleu martini nearby.
Great food, great price. I have never been to/or eaten Peruvian food so it was a great change. Awesome service, and SUPER helpful as we didn't know what to get since menu was so large and had dishes we never heard of. Also got to try Peruvian wine which was different and great!
The food at Vista Perú is always consistent and always great! 
The ceviche's, the Paella, cold mashed potato with crab meat appetizer (can't remember the actual name:) ) - are a few of my favorites here. 
Since COVID-19, I've only gotten takeout, but it's always the same and just as good as it was before when I would frequently dine in. 
I do see that they have a large outdoor seating area and a few indoor tables too if you want to dine out.
Really liked the food, ceviche mixto was super tasty and fresh. Service was a delight and the flan is one of the best I've had in a while... unforgettable. Will definitely come back again!!!
Good authentic peruvian food.  The pisco sour is good, and the lomo saltado was cook very well.  I also had papas a la huancaina which was done right.  I will go back when I am back in Philly.
Our initial arrival at vista Peru was a bit uninviting. The restaurant is small and narrow making it booming with sound on a busy night. We were squished in a corner and when I tried to take my jacket off or pull my hair into a bun, I almost knocked the lady behind me multiple times. It wasn't really comfortable plus multiple waiters kept swinging by without really providing any service. It was clear we came on a chaotic night. Maybe they were understaffed?

All in and all my expectations dropped. But somehow vista Peru still impressed me by the end of the night. My cocktail was fabulous - and our waitress was charming, she understood the restaurant was a mess that evening and did what she could to make it better for us. 

the foood was sooooo worth it. The cebiche mixto was so light and tangy, exactly what I was hoping for. We went for medium spice, and it was perfect. We also tried the mushroom causa. All the flavors complemented each other so well but were unique - I had never had something like that dish before! For entrees my partner had a roasted goat dish that was savory and flavorful. I had mixed seafood in a spicy creamy sauce - this was pretty good. If it's possible perhaps too seafood-y, I'll try something else next time. We will be returning but maybe on a week night when things are more low key
So delicious. Amazing seafoood and veggie options! They have outdoor seating for covid
I came to Vista Peru after hearing many wonderful things. It has been on my list since they opened, and even more so after they were featured in Philly Magazine.

However, Vista Peru is one of those places that are good, but not recommendable for me. I think it is better in concept than in execution. While the food is good, the prices seem rather steep compared to the portions, and the service was just okay. 

The outside of Vista Peru is rather nondescript and my friend and I walked past without realizing it, and then thought it was closed because it appeared rather dark. Once inside, the first bar area is gorgeous with bright Peruvian fabrics along the walls and small two-seater tables along the side. It then opens up to this contrasting bright and cramped dining area. The space lacks decorations besides a VERY subtle gloss/matte design that is only visible at certain angles. Also, the tables are so close together that it barely gives the staff space to walk through. I kept getting bumped the entire night 

The menu has a nice variety of items that can be ordered individually or to share. We decided to order the Cebiche de pulpos, Lomo Saltado, and the Seco Norteño. Our food was good. We both really enjoyed the cebiche de pulpos, but slightly regretted asking for "HOT." We generally eat pretty spicy, but it was even a little much for us. The real let downs for us were the Lomo Saltado and the Seco Norteño. Neither were memorable, barely seasoned, and nothing special that we couldn't make at home ourselves (and for a much cheaper price). 

For drinks we had the Chilcano and the Pisco Sour. Both drinks were really good. Chilcano was light with savory notes, while the Pisco Sour was just a delicious rendition of a traditional cocktail. 

We were waiting for our waitress to tell us the specials, but she never did and impatiently asked us to order twice. Every table received complimentary corn nuts type things, but we never got any. She never checked up on us, and didn't even ask if we wanted dessert. And once we were paying, the waitress handed us the check, but without a pen. We had to wait 15 minutes just to get her attention to ask for one. Even at that point, she never apologized or said anything to us. I believe my experience here was overcast by the bad service. 

At this price, there are much better Peruvian options in the city for a much more enjoyable experience.
Wow. As a Peruvian, I'm always looking for an authentic home meal and this place didn't disappoint. We came to visit the tourist sights and planned to check out Vista Peru for dinner. Glad we did. The CEVICHE MIXTO was so rich and flavorful. PAPA A LA HUANCAINA was great, but my Moms is better.  My table enjoyed the ARROZ CHAUFA DE LOMO A LO POBRE, TALLARINES VERDE CON BISTECK O POLLO and PARRILLADA DE MARISCOS. All were delicious. Also the PISCO Sours were yummy. And waitress was amazing!
Thank you Vista Peru for a great dinner.
Great food. Waitress sucked! She looked irritated helping us the whole time. We didn't feel welcomed at all.
The food was hands down 5 stars but I had to dock a star for service.

Arrived for a 7:30 reservation and ended up waiting 30 minutes for a table. It also took about 20 minutes to receive each round of drinks (2 total). 

Drink wise, I was really excited to have a chilcano which is a pisco, ginger ale, and lime drink that I loved in Peru. I was disappointed with this version that tasted of watered down ginger ale. 

For dinner, I had the aji de gallina which I also had many times in Peru. It was absolutely delicious and just as good as I remembered. It is a chicken dish with yellow pepper cream served over potatoes and with rice and hard boiled egg. *Chef Kiss. Also as a homage to the country, cancha (crunchy toasted corn) was served complementary for the table. My friends enjoyed their seafood dishes as well. 

It's good to know there is an authentic Peruvian restaurant in my own backyard!
