Hands-down, Volo is the best coffeehouse in Manayunk.
Go Ahead - Spoil yourself! Sip some quality and inexpensive La Colombe cappuccino. Pair your sip with with "wow" pastries or sandwiches!
I admire the modest cafe look, and the rich intense taste, and let's face it - nothing goes better than a piece of GOOD chocolate with great house-roasted coffee. You can almost dream of it now...
Go ahead... Enjoy.

Four Solid Yelps.
Without doubt the best decaf soy latte on the planet, and I've had most of them.  While suburban standouts such as The Gryphon in Wayne and Tradestone in Conshy deserve honorable mention, the thick, creamy, foamy head (complete with leaf pattern) on my delish coffee fix made this a memorable stop.  Most in Manayunk seem to agree, as the place was packed with a steady crowd on a Sunday afternoon.  Really, if you were on the fence about living in Manayunk, this spot should seal the deal.
I came here to meet with Tonya M., a lady I met on an online dating site (OK Cupid). I went on one online date already, the first time I tried to get out there and meet people after the end of my 14-year marriage with my ex-wife (Cynthia). She now lives with our twin sons (Bradley and Bryan) in Glenside. 

I was pretty scared to go on another online date, since the first one fizzled out. But I figured I would try again after Tonya M. reached out to me. It seemed like we had a lot of similar interests. She said that she liked to read and I at one point thought about maybe writing professionally before deciding upon a career as an actuary. I currently develop risk valuation models for parking garages across North America (our company works with a firm with Canadian assets). 

It went really well with Tonya M. I was up front and told her about the divorce with Cynthia, how much of it was my fault because I hid behind my career due to my fears of being a husband and father. My own dad was TERRIFIC and was always there for me and imparted many valuable life lessons. I never thought I would live up to his standards and I ended up not doing so. (There is hurt on both sides of the split, however.)

Tonya M. understood quite a bit and said that we all make mistakes. She confessed to me something she didn't put in her profile -- she was starting her life over, too. 

She had spent a little under two years in jail for voter fraud. 

Tonya M. and I had an enjoyable conversation and have left the possibilities open for a second date elsewhere in Northwest Philadelphia. I'm not sure how I feel about dating a woman with a police record, but like she said, we all make mistakes. Also, it was a white-collar crime done at the behest of her then-boss. 

Volo Coffeehouse was TERRIFIC. Just great coffee and a wonderful atmosphere right on Main Street. It was cozy (and had a lot of bike riders) but still a great place.

I would recommend Volo Coffeehouse to anyone in Philadelphia who is going on an OK Cupid date with a woman who has committed voter fraud in an attempt to rig a suburban school board election.
Great coffee shop - strong cold brew, good fresh food selection, and a cozy atmosphere that manages to be intimate without getting too cramped.

There aren't too many outlets to be found around the shop, so just be sure to charge your computer before you head over.
Sad that La Colombe is no longer? Don't be!

Volo is owned and run by the same friendly crew & still brews with LaC beans. Take your latte with soy milk? No problem, and no extra charge.  Stay & enjoy your capp served in a pretty cup & saucer (add a buttery almond croissant - they're worth every calorie).  

Tea drinkers rejoice, Volo stocks a wide variety of loose teas from Premium Steap & in the summer keeps at least one fresh pitcher of naturally flavored iced tea. 

This bright light filled space has an ever-changing collection of local artwork on display. There's also plenty of outdoor seating suitable for bringing Fido along.

Cash & charge, not an ideal space to squat for hours with a laptop (check out Saxby's across the street for free wifi).
The coffee here is excellent. My iced coffee had a strong, robust flavor and was definitely made with quality beans. In not a coffee connoisseur by any means, but there is no mistaking this is good coffee.  It was not at all watered down like some places tend to make it. On a rainy thursday afternoon this place is still full of patrons. It seems I am one of the last to know how great the coffee is here! They also offer some pastries and a few lunch options which I will have to stop back in to try. If you are in need of some great coffee while walking on Main St in Manayunk (and want to avoid the cliché Starbucks), this is definitely the place to go.
Finally a coffee shop with great coffee, free wifi and unpretentious staff!  I'm always warmly greeted and treated exceptionally well. 

This is the perfect coffee shop to come on a date - huge windows, smells WONDERFUL and there are great treats.

It's a great place to come study or work.  No evil glares when you pull your laptop out!  They don't mind if you just order a small coffee or if you wait a little while before ordering.  It's so chill and relaxed. 

Outside seating in the summer is perfect. The place is always busy, but I always find a table.

The iced coffee is special - I think they put a shot of espresso in it.

There is always an interesting collection of local art on the walls and good music playing. 

It's definitely the best coffee shop in Manayunk - is there even a close second?
A coffee shop is nothing without excellent product, genuine people and palatable passion.

Volo has hit the trifecta effortlessly.

For well north of a decade, I have counted Volo among my favorite coffee shops in the world. It has been part of my daily ritual when I am in town and something I pine away for when I am not.

It is the standard by which I measure every other coffee shop I visit internationally.

I think the greatest compliment I can pay Volo is that when I do a road trip out of Philadelphia, which I do often, I set my departure time based not on when I wake, which is often before 5 AM, but rather on Volo's opening.

The road is that much more satisfying with Volo's coffee in hand.
I went to Volo Coffeehouse for the first time yesterday, after doing a search for places with good coffee where you can get work done. Volo popped right up. Free wi-fi (worked perfectly for 4 hours), the coffee is AMAZING (drank 2 lattes while there), had a prosciutto sandwich that took me right back to when I was living in Rome, and the staff was quick and friendly.

If you're looking for a regular coffee place in Manayunk, this is it.
Coffee is four stars, service earns one star (maybe less). Case in point: this morning, I go in to order a latte. Barrista is busy talking to owner, but breaks away and stands at the counter. I say good morning with a smile, but all little mister Andy Warhol wannabe can muster is a deadpan stare, so I mumble my order, get my drink, and get the hell out. Owner stood by as all this occurred, so I doubt this poor service experience strays from the norm. Thoroughly unimpressed with the attitude at this joint. Come on Volo, you can do better than this.
Volo makes, hands down, the best latte I've had since moving back to the Philadelphia area. They use La Colombe which we all already know is great but they make it SO WELL. Whenever I'm trying out a new coffee shop, I always go for a latte first as a test to see if their baristas know what's up. And the baristas at Volo pass that test with flying colors!! They had the perfect ratio of espresso to milk where I could actually taste the espresso with the milk there just to temper the bitterness. 

Not only will you get a great coffee from Volo, but the vibe of the place is great too. Very open space with lots of tables. The giant windows were open when I was there and they had outdoor seating which was so key. It's a little on the smaller side so I can see there being a problem getting a seat when they don't have the outdoor seating. But for warmer months it's a perfect spot!
Issue#1: Animals in cafe. Customers bring dogs into the cafe. Today the barista walked around the counter and pet a customers small hairy dog for a few mins, kissing it etc. Then goes back to making drinks. If you are allergic to animals or have taken college biology you know how offensive that is on so many levels. 

Issue#2: Internet, outlets and noise. Internet is on and off, dropping out every few mins. No Outlets for laptops. NONE. And way to noisey, braistas take pride in banging the espresso handles and the acoustics of the place amplify the sound. I don't expect a library, but the noise here is noticeably annoying. This place needs a make over...yesterday. Need a new bar, some outlets and better lighting.  

Issue#3: Offerings. Coffee is reasonably priced $2.50 with $0.50 cent refills, but its way too strong (almost sludge status). Its not bad...just not for light roasted drinkers. My friend who likes dark roast, loved his coffee. Pastries are unreasonably expensive. Rock hard, ok tasting biscotti for $2. $3 for a tart etc. Have not tried sandwiches but after seeing the staff pet the dog, I will pass on the food.  

Staff is nice, but kinda aloof. No small talk, usually on their phones or straight to the point. The crowd here is older regulars and well heeled locals. In summer with windows open it is a nice place to hang and have a conversation. But if you need to read or get work done, head to sbux alcove down the block.
Service is a little iffy and the woman wasn't being consistent with her mask, but the turkey bacon panini, cold brew coffee, and iced coffee we got were pretty good. 

The coffees here are La Colombe and they also sell La Colombe packs as well.

It was our second time here, and if we're back in the area, we will probably go back for coffee and to split a panini.
I'll be honest, I went into Volo without expecting much.  Mugshots was my coffeehouse-smoothie place and since it closed I thought my only hope was the main street Starbucks!  Still, I needed a meeting location for a meet and greet. Since Starbucks was just too cliche, I took a chance with Volo.

Since they serve la colombe coffee, I am sure there coffee is more than acceptable.  However, it was a warm day and we decided to begin with a walk around main street, so we were looking for something more refreshing.  Again, I took a chance and decided on their ice tea.  I was pleasantly surprised.
This is by far my favorite and most nostalgic place in Philadelphia.  I will get the important stuff out of the way first:

BEST COFFEE I HAVE HAD IN THE UNITED STATES

BEST ICED COFFEE IVE EVER HAD (not to mention price)

BEST PANINI IVE EVER HAD (classic)

ONE OF THE BEST SALADS (salmon)

GREATEST ATMOSPHERE EVER AT A COFFEE SHOP

Okay if you're still with me here are the deets.  I was a regular here from 2004-2008 while I was in school.  Back then it was La Colombe, The LC.  This was my stop.  I wasn't overrun by classmates.  I could stay for 8 hours and not feel like a jerk.  I had my little spot, next to Charlie's table, in the corner just by the door.  8-Noon was a Cappuccino.  Noon-4 was a Classic Panini and an Iced Coffee.  On nice days I'd grab a table on the sidewalk for the best outdoor seating spot in Philly.  It really is perfect.  

Years later I still stopped by whenever I went to Manayunk.  It was literally like visiting my parents house.  Everyone there has always been super nice and really fun.  There are a lot of artists in Manayunk so you'd see them stop buy for breaks.  The window-wash guy alway came buy and had a chat.  The aforementioned icon Charlie was maybe the greatest guy in the world.  It just always felt right.

Back then LC downtown was known for being the European coffee shop because you walked into a wall of smoke and it was so busy it had the sense of gruffness that comes with high traffic.  It had it's own appeal.  But LC/Volo has always been a little bit of Paris.  Clean, quiet, awesome music, GREAT COFFEE, great people.  

When I got married we served La Colombe coffee at our wedding.  Even today living in SF we have it shipped every month.  It's just the best on so many levels.  

If life is so busy you can only grab and go still come by-- it's also the cheapest coffee in town.  But if you can, preferably on a weekday, stop in around 10am and stay until you nip off somewhere for happy hour around closing.  Bring a good book, maybe some music (unless Tenzen is still there jamming radiohead), and get comfy.  Over the course of the day you'll see the waves of people come by like episodes in a show-- the cyclists clicking around (they always know where the good coffee is), the artists getting the day started at 1pm, the moms bringing the kids in after school for a hot chocolate, the after work crowd swinging in to grab a seat outside to let some stress melt away (that's how I ran into Darren Aronofsky, Shane Victorino, and the better part of the CSC racing team!). 

I can't explain it in any other way than to say that is just fun, it's always fun and feels right.  It's almost like it shouldn't exist in America.  Sure the coffee's great, sure it's a unique spot in the world of franchised coffees hops.  But if you really want to enjoy it, to see why it's still run by the same awesome guy all this time and the same people come in every day, come in and stay a while.
Best. Soy. Latte. I've. Ever. Had.

'nough said.
A step up from ye olde corporate coffee chains, in a gorgeous high-ceilinged room with nice clean furnishings and friendly staff.  Not only are they still serving La Colombe coffee, they've also kept on the previous tenant's habits of serving your drinks with a spoon and saucer for any mixing needs.

Haven't tried out the wifi yet, but it seems a great place to sit with a laptop for studying/work purposes, or people-watch Main Street through the large glass windows.
One of my favorite coffee houses in the Philadelphia area.  From the latte art, to the artisan pastries from Au Fournil, to the bagels, salads, and juices, everything is delicious and comes with great, friendly service. 

The only downside is that it can be hard to find a seat sometimes, and parking can be tricky, but I think that is true of any place in Manayunk. That being said, I liked the place so much, that I found a way to go there several days a week on the way to work when I lived in the neighborhood.  

Don't dare go to Starbucks when this gem is down the street!
Walked in and went to order a coffee, the cashier jumped as if I yelled at her when I said "Excuse me ma'am." Tried to order a sandwich a while back, 35 minutes later I go back to a different cashier, he asked about the exact sandwich I ordered and instead of serving me or apologizing he just asked me if I wanted my money back. No explanation as to why the sandwich was never made. 

I was also the only Black person in the spot.
The transition from La Colombe to Volo was seamless. I barely recognized that La Colombe was no more until I noted the new Volo sign outside. Coffee is still amazing La Colombe coffee and the baristas still make an amazing cappuccino. My only complaint- this place is in need of a dire makeover. The peeling paint and worn out barista counter is kind of a bummer. Other than that, by far the best coffee shop on Main Street..
This place has the vibe of the neighborhood coffee shop, which I enjoy since I live a few blocks away. Unfortunately, they have a serious fly problem. My friend and I came here to catch up but we ended up leaving half an hour in because we were swatting flies away like crazy people. I think I'll just be going to the clean ol Starbucks down the street.
La Colombe! You get a free cup if you buy a bag of beans to go. The brew is so smooth and delicious it is almost criminal to drink it any way other than black. Right on Main Street and usually it's not hard to find parking. Service is always friendly and prompt. One of my favorite spots in all of Manayunk. It can get crowded on weekends with the limited seating inside, but there are tables outdoors too. The towpath isn't far either if you want to drink & stroll!
High quality coffee & takes safety seriously during COVID!!

Was very happy with the service here! The line moved quickly, as did my order of coffee and yogurt. The staff takes the pandemic restrictions very seriously which made me feel safe. 

The iced cortado is the next iced coffee imo- perfect balance of coffee to milk and their oat milk gave it a really creamy flavor. Granola was a little sweet for me but it pairs well with the plain Greek yogurt. 

Definitely plan on coming back here for more of their delish coffee!!
Good hot chocolate...as in, chocolatey, not sweet.  You add the sugar to your desired sweetness yourself.   Yay!  I love the chocolate croissants, too.  However, the prices are a little steep.

Atmosphere is airy, lots of light.  It's not a place to park your butt with your laptop to work for hour after hour, though.  Paucity of outlets means a short stay.

One other issue:  the cafe could make it clearer where customers are supposed to "bus" their cups and saucers when they are done.  I don't mind busing my own dishes...and anyway I prefer that to watching dishes pile up on tables until a busy staff gets a chance to clean up after over-entitled customers.
First time visiting this location. We stopped for a quick breakfast before needing to be somewhere. The cashier had a bit of an attitude and no patience as we didn't know the menu. My brother in law also has a hearing impairment and the cashier just couldn't be bothered with giving a second to interpret what he said. However, the ham breakfast panini was really good and the coffee is very good. I just don't personally care for subpar service.
Coffee was alright but was expecting a more personalized experience than you would find at the bigger chains like Starbucks.

I asked for a description of the coffee they had on tap and the barista could not answer that with any description of the coffee.  She at least offered a sample.
Volo has some of the best coffee and espresso in Philly, hands down. Every time I get a soy latte I wonder how any other soy latte can exist in the world. How do the expresso beans that become a Starbucks latte not commit suicide knowing that they are so drastically inferior to Volo's lattes? It's a wonder other coffee shops stay in business. 

It's not a run-in, run-out kinda joint. It's a European-style sit-and-stay that you realize you've been at for hours. And after that, you order more pastries and coffee. I've never had a sandwich here but the bagels were great. And how cute is it that they serve cream cheese on the side in a tiny glass bowl with a lid? So cute is the answer. I love their style and I will happily patronize them over Starbucks any day.  

Free unlimited WiFi!
Amazing coffee here and the staff is very friendly. It doesn't hurt that they serve La Columbe coffee but I'd come here anyway if they didn't. It's that's awesome.
Absolutely wonderful coffee shop. I spend hours here getting school work done. It's comfortable, very bright and clean. The coffee is great. My latte was okay, but the food makes up for it. I normally get a grilled cheese, which is made with a sage truffle butter and fontina cheese on sourdough bread. It is unbelievable. Sandwiches come with a good size side salad that is very fresh with a great balsamic vinaigrette. The baked goods are out of this world. They have an almond raspberry pastry, and I've never tasted anything like it. Not sure I can live without it anymore. They're almost croissant is also perfection.
If you are in the area, this is honestly the only place worth going to grab coffee. I have been here numerous times for different things: meeting an old relative to catch up, hanging out and studying for hours, or stopping in while on a bike ride in the Wissahickon. The lattes are on point (also delicious iced), and they have a good selection of food and pastries if you need a snack. The people are pleasant and the ambiance doesn't get old, even when you're there all day. It's definitely a gem in the hit-or-miss area of Manayunk.
Delicious coffee, some of the bestowed cups I've had! I always get a hot coffee with hazelnut, it for sure makes all the difference. They brew La Colombe and they do a fantastic job of it. A+
Ever in Manayunk and want the full experience? Wander here, mid Main Street, and enjoy not only the scenery, but the beautiful building, coffee, food and either indoor or outdoor seating. There's always Starbucks, but Volo is special, and great quality at the same time. Nothing like a Saturday or Sunday morning with hot or cold brew...an incredible pastry...or salad for lunch...and the view of Main Street, colors and light. Must see and visit.
Cute coffee shop, I had the chai latte. It was well made and I would definitely return for another. They have a food menu here as well if you're looking for a snack with your coffee. It's decent size shop, and was fairly empty when I came by around 3pm on a weekday. You can park on the street or there's a lot down the street with $10 parking, which I would recommend if you plan on staying a while since Philly PPA is ruthless.
I have to laugh at the reviewer who gave Volo two stars. If you want an internet cafe go lounge for two hours while nursing a crappy burnt-tasting coffee at starbucks. Everyone familiar with Main Street knows how incredibly successful that went over for saxbys...it didn't and they are closed and thats no loss. And as far as the supposed "hard" biscotti, maybe you should look up the definition for that particular food. 
Anyway enough hating on the hater...
If you want amazing coffee and espresso drinks served by a very friendly and knowledgeable  staff this is the place.
I've only had the almond croissants and coffee. Get them to heat up the croissant a bit, and it's delicious. The cafe is nice and clean and the staff seems friendly enough. I would like to try a different type of coffee but i've only gotten black cause it was cheap but still good.
Jared J and I took a walk around Main Street early on a Sunday morning while waiting for brunch to start and we decided to stop in at Volo for some coffee beforehand. I hadn't been inside before and I must have been missing something, because it was packed at 10:30AM.

La Colombe coffee is served here and the sandwich options looked like a good value for the money (~$6 for a full plate). Definitely a good place to meet friends, have a chat, and hang out.

However, I found the ordering line confusing and disorganized, and far too much cream was put into my iced mocha (it tasted more like a smoothie than a chocolatey coffee). Next time, I'll just make sure to ask for less.
One of my favorite places to go to for coffee! Their avocado toast and Greek yogurt taste even better than they look!  There's always a short wait whenever I come, whether it's a weekday morning or a weekend afternoon but it goes by quickly. I also always manage to get a table even though the seating area looks crowded. They have outdoor seating as well which is nice and reminds me of Europe, but I've found them to always be taken during warmer months.
My friend had to go to Manayunk to pick up a book at a local bookstore off Main st,and suggested we grab a coffee and sit for a bit. As soon as I walked in, I remembered this was the same location as the Manayunk La Colombe that closed several years ago. This coffeehouse uses and sell LaColombe coffee. The Caffe Americano I drank was superb, strong and you could taste the coffee and my friend enjoyed her Espresso Macchiato with extra foam . If I am in Manayunk Main street, I will stop back. I love that Starbucks in nearby, but people still flock to an Indie coffeehouse, as well. Reminds me of my old neighborhood in Chicago, Andersonville....
This is my favorite coffee shop in Manayunk and I think I tried most of them. It is very inviting and the service has been friendly every time which is a big deal when deciding if you wanna go back to a place.

The coffee is great and they have delicious baked goods. I haven't tried the sandwiches or breakfast yet but I will definitely be back.
I go to this coffeeshop every time I am in the Manayunk area of Philly. I love their smoked salmon panini. It is very filling and it has a good sauce and bread. The paring with the salad is well thought out. It's a quiet place to study and/or get some emails done. I will be returning here next time I am in the city!
This is my favorite coffeehouse in Philadelphia! I've tried everything from their coffee to espresso drinks. If you want a real treat then order the cappuccino, always delicious with the perfect mount of foam that doesn't settle. I love the vibes from this place and their workers just add to the ambience. Super friendly, chill and accommodating with all orders. One time I saw a child order some freshly squeezed orange juice, and the workers gave me a free sample when I asked about it. It was delicious! It was so fresh that it brought tears to my eyes, totally worth the price for a glass. 

This place is the best way to start any morning or to have a fresh brew as an afternoon treat.
I returned to Volo today for an iced coffee and was fairly surprised at the $3 price tag! I understand that they take their hot coffee and pour it over ice and add a shot of espresso (which adds to the cost) but it certainly didn't seem worth $3. It was good, but nothing particularly mind-blowing. Their hot coffee is tasty, but the iced coffee just wasn't worth the price in my mind.
I live smack in-between Volo and another coffee house which you can find on every corner (think circular green logo and bad coffee). Well, my daily choice for where to go for coffee or a latte or a pastry or a sandwich is quite simple. It doesn't get any better than Volo. They serve La Colombe products and they're always bold, flavorful and aromatic and their espresso drinks are as good as i've ever had (including their iced coffee in which they give an extra shot). The staff is always nice, patient and helpful while their prices stay reasonable. The building itself is quite beautiful with vaulted ceilings, crown moldings and an enormous mirror behind the counter (a really old bar) which is perfect for checking your hair when you walk in half-asleep. Their free wifi is also very fast and reliable. Just go to Volo. It's really that simple.
Great coffee. Lovely atmosphere. Really nice to get a light meal with friends or sit and read your book.
Amazing coffee and bakery options! Gets so crowded, which is good thing. Food comes out super quick and employees are helpful. The kind of coffee shop that would turn me into a "regular."
Excellent cold brew!  got mine with caramel and hazelnut. Absolutely delicious. The brew wasn't bitter at all. Simply amazing.
This coffee is so good and here's why: I got a large to-go cup for my walk along the Manayunk canal tow path. I accidentally dropped it and it rolled into some poison ivy. I retrieved it and risked the terrible impending rash in order to drink the two sips that remained in the cup. 
The pastries are delicious too.
Perhaps I'm crazy, but whenever I review a coffee shop I have only one simple criteria when it comes to product, one simple test I run: give me a cup of black coffee. When all you have is a simple cup, without milk, sugar, foams and flavor extracts there is no room to hide anything. All that will matter is where the beans are from, what the roaster did to them, and whether the water was high quality and at the proper temperature. Nothing else. I cannot tell you how many times I've gone into a trendy coffee shop and walked away disappointed because the product is lackluster.

Volo surpasses that test, and does it in spades. Their house blend is a bit lighter than I usually like ( I typically am a fan of dark, DARK roasts) but they managed to get a very nice amount of flavor, with low astringency and I'm convinced that I need to try their espresso. (which is my secondary test) While they are not particularly my wheelhouse, the last time I visited my companion had a green tea latte which was artfully prepared, and considered tasty.

The décor it great as well, as the large windows in the front give the location plenty of light and the high ceilings prevent you from feeling claustrophobic. The art scattered around gave plenty to provide some excitement to the walls and the staff was relatively friendly. Overall, I say they're worth a trip.
My favorite, little foggy cafe!  The people who work here are friendly and there is also a friendly vibe among the customers. When it gets crowded, strangers share tables and it's no big deal. Laptop-friendly, but also conversation-friendly. Free wifi. Lots of regulars and familiar faces here, people getting together to talk about things going on the neighborhood. Bikers come often, as they can park their bikes unlocked, and keep an eye on them from the large windows. It's also along the bike route along the Schyulkill River. My favorite is the unsweetened hot chocolate. Their sandwiches and salads are also delicious. The best place in Manayunk!
This coffeehouse is a gem! Delicious coffee (I'm quite a fan of the cold brew), wonderful atmosphere, good prices, and the staff are always so friendly. The food is fabulous too! I always make sure I stop by when I'm in Manayunk.
Came to Volo for the first time ever last weekend in order to take refuge from the house-hunting I had been doing. And i am glad I did! While certainly hipster in appearance and vibe, this place serves delicious coffee right on Main Street  in manayunk. 

The classic cappuccino I ordered and happily consumed was just what I needed to reset myself. The dessert/pastry options looked great so I asked the barista where they got them from. She actually wasn't sure which was sort of a bummer. As a future manayunk resident relocating from Baltimore (also known as smalltimore), I'm used to local small businesses teaming up with other local small businesses to offer complementary products. Since there were two bakeries across the street from Volo, I was hoping to hear they got their goods from one of them. Oh well, still some great coffee to be had there.
The salmon panini was delicious and really filling. The only downside to the place is the menu isn't very big but based on what we are what they do have is very good.
Great coffee, pretty quick service. Love just sitting g here and enjoying some berries and yogurt. They definitely offer more by way of food compared to other I dependent coffee shops.  Service can be a bit attitudy- they clearly pick and choose who they like.
Just moved to the area and needed some strong espresso! We stopped in here midday and it was packed but not overcrowded. We managed to find a small table after ordering Lattes and Paninis for lunch. We opted to take them home but enjoyed our drinks while our sandwiches were being prepared. It was pretty loud inside but a lot of people with headphones were studying/working. 

They do have wifi but we were unable to connect for some reason. 
Cute little place with delicious food and drinks. We'll be back and I'm sure this will be a coveted study spot for me.
If you love a nice cup of bold coffee and friendly, personal service this is the place to go on Main Street. It's a gorgeous little shop with a nice big window facing Main.
I appreciated their use of local la colombe coffee. Parking is an issue and pricey, so unless you live within walking distance or want to spend some time in the area, it's not an in/out spot. The outdoor seating is nice as well. The coffee, atmosphere, vibe are all ok but based on reviews and experiences from other coffeehouses, was expecting more.
Cute little coffee joint right off main st. Makes for a perfect addition to your Sunday afternoon. Plenty of shops nearby to stroll around with after getting your coffee. they also serve sandwiches and small breakfast pastries. I think the sandwiches are a little on the pricier side of things but they are very fresh so I'll take it. I got a caprese wth the option of prosciutto which I've never tried before. Personally I would go without the saltiness since it really takes away from what makes a caprese a caprese - it's fresh taste! 

Love their espresso - will definitely be back again!
Almond croissants to blow your mind.

Honestly, I didn't love my mocha.  However, the croissant made up for it so much that it didn't much matter.  Flaky on the outside, somehow moist inside (with no filling), almond slices and powdered sugar on top, this was a glorious piece of pastry.  In other news, the sandwiches also looked good but I wasn't hungry enough to try them.  Lines are pretty silly here.  Also pretty sure this croissant was $4 but still totally worth it.  I think these almond croissants will cancel out all of my future bike rides :( 

Astonishing almond aliments!  Cheers.
There's nothing like coming out of a tough workout and bee-lining to Volo for an iced coffee on a Saturday morning. Their coffee is exceptional, their staff are so friendly, and their egg sandwich? YUM!
On a cold spring day, I was looking for a place to warm up and read. Between what seems like two of the only cafes on Main Street, I chose Volo over Starbucks. There were only a few seats left as others had the same idea to get out of the looming thunderstorm outside, but I managed to snag a corner table.

Pushing aside a previous customer's coffee cup, I sat down with my loose-leaf chai latte (Volo only has loose-leaf chai so if you're looking for the pay-more-for-branding Oprah stuff, head across the street to SB). The chai was not bad, just lacking in spice.

I'll be back, but maybe I'll stick to the regular teas next time.
Actually don't know how anyone could not love this place. It's a morning ritual for most everyone in manayunk. I often do work and drink an amazing latte while I wait for my train in the am. Staff is welcoming, part of the community, and always friendly. It gets busy but I don't see how that's a bad thing? Coffee on the go is just as good. The only down side is the lack of outlets if you plan to stay awhile to charge a computer, other than that volo is easily the greatest charm of Main Street.
The baristas at Volo pour the best cortado that I've found in Philadelphia, and they pour it the best consistently. You can find La Colombe beans at a lot of coffeehouses, including La Colombe's, but the texture of the cortado here is superb. It's way out of my way, but it's always worth the trip.

If Volo wanted to add a rotating espresso option, that would be awesome, but then Yelp would have to let me give it six stars.
Very good coffee and apple cake. Good crowd. Nice people working. Old style place. If you like good coffee you need to check this place out.
Volo cup, I fill you up.

My husband and I were walking around the Manayunk area one Saturday in late August, looking for a coffee shop other than Starbucks and voila - Volo appeared.  Apparently it's so popular that it's difficult to find seating.  We walked around a little more and then returned 30 minutes later to snag a perfect two-person table.  The atmosphere is quite modern and open, not like your warm neighborhood Starbucks, so it depends on the vibe you want.  Because it's one, fairly small open room, it did get rather noisy - particularly when a poor dishwasher smashed an entire tray of dishes on the floor.  I'm able to tune out the background noise, while my husband is not - so know you're party's preferences.  I appreciated that they had a surge protector near a cluster of tables so that more than two people could charge their laptops; mine has a gimpy battery that dies after fifteen minutes without electricity, so I factor outlets into my coffee shop assessments.  If you don't need an outlet, you can sit outside when the weather's nice and people watch while you sip your drink of choice.

But the coffee - oh wow.  I ordered a small half-caf iced coffee, and my husband got a hot vanilla latte in a mug.  The cashier was nice when I asked if they could make it half-caf, even though I know coffee snobs turn their nose up at that - but he probably saw my pregnant belly.  We paid $7-$8, which is a little steep for liquid calories, but it was worth the taste.  We only waited three minutes, despite the volume of customers.  The latte came out first, and it was beautifully topped with swirled, decorated foam.  It wasn't too sweet, but you could still taste the vanilla - a lovely balance.  The barista serving my iced coffee made sure to say "half-caf" with a nice smile, which reassured me that they had made it properly.  I added cream and sugar (I only add sugar to my iced coffee, okay?!) at the bar from a cute little tray they provide.  I only wish they had two trays on busy days or at high volume times, because I had to ask the woman next to me who was waiting for her coffee to make room so I could reach the cream.  

We didn't order any food, since we'd just had lunch, but I would love to go back and try their food.  They had a three-cheese grilled cheese that sounded really good, and the salads on another ladies' table looked sizable.  I'd say there were about five-six sandwiches, three-four salads, maybe a soup, and several baked goods on the menu.  A co-worker tells me that their multi-grain bagels slathered with butter are the best he's had, and he's a Philly native.  Actually, a couple of my co-workers come into work most mornings with a cup of Volo joe, despite our office providing very good coffee.

Great coffee, decent value, distinct atmosphere, located in the heart of walkable Manayunk.
After a night of drinking in the city, my best friend and I always come here for some coffee and a clean, private bathroom after suffering from the d.a.d.s. (aka day after drinking ****). If you are an adult, you will understand what that means.

Thank you Volo Coffeehouse for always being there for us and our bowels during our times of need.
It's the country kitchen I wish I had in my house. Great sandwiches and wonderful selection of coffee/tea. Oh, and free wifi! xo My new favorite study spot!
the small town love child of la columbe and elixr. Funky setting, high ceilings, cool chairs, anthropologie-esque trays and shelving, small terrariums, water set out with cups so you don't have to ask. This was a fun fun spot to enjoy a latte and a chat. Pluuusss, the barista made a an excellently balanced latte and even had a perfect design on it (not that that matters) and I would say made it in record time. the coffee is la columbe, so duhhhhh it was awesome. and the seats were all taken when we arrived, but people reached out and made room so we could sit. If i lived near here, i would be there every day. as it is, I'd say it is the perfect place to grab a cup of delicious coffee on an adventure day down the river side trails of manayunk.
Got the macchiato with caramel and just your average bagel with cream cheese. Coffee was excellent, had great flavor and was strong. Bagel was also fresh and had plenty of spread. My friends had something from every corner of the menu and we were all impressed. Small dining area was pretty crowded for a Tuesday morning...a lot of people taking up tables working on laptops, so just be advised you may not get a seat right away or at all. Would love to come back here!
Used to be an old La Colombe but now with hot food. It's a very cool vibed coffee shop with the same pastries as other La Colombes in the city. 

Nice spot to just grab a latte and chat with the locals.
You would thinkManayunk would have a bigger selection of great coffee shops, but it's simply not true. That being said, Volo is an excellent addition to Main St.. They sell La Colombe coffee, so you know it's good. The employees are friendly, and the food is great, too. It's not very big, so there's limited seating, so keep that in mind. If you need a place to do work, you may be better off at Starbucks since it's much bigger.
A lovely Starbucks alternative on Main Street Manayunk. The lattes are pretty and the Americanos are bold. The have the BEST yogurt! It comes from Fiddle Creek Dairy. It's a real treat on its own or with some granola and honey. Plenty of seating inside and outside. The WiFi is strong. Look for the password on their chalkboard.
I stopped in and one of your staff pulled me a very tasty shot of espresso.

The seating both inside and out seemed pleasant and your baristas were not obnoxious.

I only stayed for a few minutes but they were a nice few minutes.  Well done Volo.
I have been here a few times and I have always enjoyed the coffee. 

Coffee: Always has been good! There aren't a myriad of options, but you know when the menu isn't full of craziness, the quality is really the thing to enjoy. I think the prices are reasonable and not overly ridiculous. When is a great coffee place super cheap? Never! I can't comment on the food- never had it, but it always sounds delish :)

Staff & Service: As one yelper mentioned- unpretentious! They are always so nice, kind and cool. It's a hipster/laid back/ chill vibe. They always seem really cool- like "ooo I could be his/her friend!"

Atmosphere: This is where I feel like the shop falls a LITTLE short. I like my coffee places where it's warm and snuggly- this place doesn't give me that vibe at all. I'd much prefer to come here over the summer vs. winter. For me it's not an ideal place to post-up and study, there aren't too many tables and the place lacks in outlets to charge. Volvo isn't big and there are no comfy big chairs/couches, only wooden chairs & tables. Mainly 2-person tables. There is lots of great lighting, but because the place is so small, whenever the door opens it sometimes gets pretty chilly. I kept my coat on most of the time. In the summer there are fun places to sit outside and it is a good place to get a coffee with a friend or two and talk. Just not really study place (limited room, not the warm snuggly atmosphere I like). 

Parking: There is metered street, but if you go on the side streets for free, you can find a place as long as you are ok with walking a few blocks to get there.

Overall- I know I'll be back, I am giving 3 stars based on the atmosphere part.
I love Volo!!! Used to be a la colombe, which is a world cllass coffee roaster. The owner retained the original elements and simply changed name.  HUGE windows to look out of while sipping coffee or tea.  Well thought out panini and salads. I hesitate to discuss the pastry selection because it's nearly as addicting as the coffee, pssttt...raisin danish is 5 stars.

Workers can handle the massive line in the morning so don't worry they'll set up your order faster than you think.

Don't expect to order crazy fraps and syrups because they focus on the coffee old school. Drip coffee, cappuccino, latte and espresso are my favorites.

The neighborhood is very nice for grabbing to go and walking around.

Also, usually, there is a table of folks that meet in the morning. They are very friendly and asked me to join them to talk about general topics.  Stuff like this is rare and shows the place a great vibe.

They really try to relate to the community with take one/leave one books and 
cork board with everything from dog sitting, babysitting, apartment rentals and local shows.

I visit about 3-4 times per week on my way to the city. 

0 stars, I give 5 galaxies!
Really nice coffeehouse; cozy atmosphere, great service and decent prices. 
They have a good selection of loose teas and the sweet people working there are happy to answer any questions you may have. 
They also have a good selection of pastry items and sandwiches. Ample seating inside and a few tables outside for when the weather allows.
Volo is a pleasant coffeehouse in the Manayunk Area  and it makes for a great little stop if you're biking along the Schuylkill River Trail.  My husband and I did just that when we were on our return trip to Valley Forge.  We each needed a little libation and besides, I needed a good snack to keep my sugars up (I'm a trype-1 diabetic).
Nice outside seating on street.  Small restroom.     Good customer service.    Prices are good and a light music inside.  Free wifi.
BEST COFFEE HOUSE in manayunk

Listennnnn, listen. I come here every weekend since ive moved to manayunk and the coffee is just amazing. rich flavor and I never have to add any sugar to it. The bagel and honey cream cheese is my favorite along with the greek yogurt with granola and fresh fruit. so good!
Chose this location to meet some friends. Had an iced coffee and a vanilla bean biscotti. Both were good! The food was reasonably priced.
Sure...you could go to the "rhymes with bar stucks" across the street, but I'd make sure to try this place too. Don't get me wrong, I frequent locations of the aforementioned competitor, but Volo left me with some of the best coffee I have had in a long time.  They don't offer a crapload of sugary, candy sweet, high calorie coffees like others...so if a mint chocolate syrup christmas cookie whipped cream with chocolate flake and caramel drizzle is your goal, maybe go across the street.  My guess is they don't need to nor want to make tbat type of product.  Instead, they put good coffee in the lead role.  Wish the pricing was a hint better...but still going to round up to 5 stars.
Wow did I love this place. Food and vibe, both perfect. I went Saturday looking for a really good iced soy chai (a favorite of mine) and brought a book. This place had that perfect grab something delicious, get lost in what you're doing or who you're with vibe. It helped that it was raining outside, very seattle :) I grabbed a tea and a recommended almond croissant-YUM, a must get without a doubt- sat down to read and didnt leave for hours.
Came back Sunday with a friend, much more packed at exactly the same time so be aware Sundays are brutal! The latte may be one of the best I have ever had. I may have to start hiking it over here before work in the mornings. And of course I grabbed another almond croissant! although the cinnamon roll and the apple tart were both calling my name...
Be aware, it is a small place, Any more than two people will be tought to find a table. And you may not get a seat. But if you have the time to wait for one to open instead of grabbing your coffee in a to-go cup, do it.
I love this coffee shop on Main Street.  Parking can be tough sometimes depending on the time of day.  This place has a great ambience with outdoor seating and lots of sunlight even if you're sitting inside.  There is one power strip in the back of the shop so those seats are oftentimes taken.  I got an iced coffee which seemed a bit overpriced ($3 I think) and an apple tart which was $4 and very tasty and crumbly (in a good way!).  They also serve breakfast and lunch paninis which I have never tried but have heard from others are very good.
I've only gotten an iced tea from here but I really enjoyed it and honestly, I feel like you can judge a place pretty well on how good their plain black iced tea is! The one thing that i've felt the few times i've been here, and both times it was a random weekday and not crowded, was that it wasn't super welcoming. Like I felt very intimidated walking in there. Maybe it's because all of the staff are standing in a row when you walk in and just stare at you? I guess that's sorta the vibe at most coffee shops but still just wanted to note that if you get nervous ordering make sure you look at the menu and decide beforehand.
Not a bad place for cup or coffee or latte on a regular day. I would not go out of my way to visit this place but would not mind stopping by again if I am directly or close to this place.
Volo Coffeehouse is a quaint coffee shop in Manayunk. The service was quick, and my latte was ready very quickly And oh brother, this was one of the best lattes I've had. For starters, it was served in a mug. A resuable, good for the environment and even better for drinking out of mug. Thank you, Volo, for respecting the planet and my mouth. The latte wasn't bitter at all. Knocking one star because the place could use an extra employee to help keep the tables and floors cleaned.
I just had one of the best almond croissants  and caramel macchiatos ever! With so many coffeehouses closed during this Pandemic it was a blessing when I walked pass Volo Coffeehouse and it was open.  The service was fast even though many people waited in line adhering to social distancing guidelines. I got my food and found a near by bench sat and ate, I was in heaven...so delicious!!! I had to go back and tell my server how delicious  everything was and how pleased I was. I am a LOVER of food as well as excellent service!!! I've traveled the world and enjoyed many delightful treats...today's experience was noteworthy for sure!!! Needless to say I'll be back!!!
Come early on the weekends to snag a table. Busy place for biking and cars n coffee crowds
I love this place. It is in many ways the perfect little cosmopolitan cafe. It is La Colombe at Rittenhouse Square...but infinitely more serene and inviting (with superb paninis and the most wonderful assortment of French pastry).

The staff is effortlessly fantastic. 

It simply does not get much better in Philly.

What more could a boy want? :)
We were wandering down Main Street looking for coffee to grab before heading to brunch at Le Bus when we lucked out and found this great little coffee shop. It was 10:15 on a Sunday morning and we didn't have to wait in line for coffee?!?! Us Center City dwellers did not understand this but we liked it very much. We ordered a Latte and a House Coffee and were very satisfied when we realized that they brewed La Columbe coffee. We'd much rather patronize a coffeehouse like Volo over the Starbucks and other chains in the city. You could tell the baristas took pride in their work and they were speedy, helpful, and nice. There is plenty of tables to sit down if you are looking to relax with a friend or come here to get some work done. If you are ever are in search of a good coffee experience in Manayunk, check this place out.
Volo has been and will always be one of my favorite coffee shops. The coffee has an unbeatable taste, and I like the fact that they have food options. This is where I first ordered a Cortado, and let me tell you, it's definitely worth ordering. Super tasty! They also have incredible customer service, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I recently moved, (not far away, just not as close) and one of the biggest things that I miss about living in Manayunk, is not being able to wake up and walk down to Volo within 10 minutes. If you haven't paid this little shop a visit, make sure you get around to!
Don't get me wrong, the coffee here is good! I'm writing and update because I was in here grabbing avocado toast and a few hot beverages for me and friends. I had to throw my toast in the trash. The guys that make the food along with the who I think was the owner were talking while my food was being made not wearing masks and I literally saw spit fly out of one of their mouths. I know I should of asked for my money back, but it was packed and I really don't like making a scene. I don't have an issue with the no mask rules, but after seeing that, I think food workers should permanently wear masks along with the hair nets they wear. 
FYI The ladies making the coffee all had on masks! I did drink my coffee. Lol. It was good.
The most delicious cappuccino I've ever had! Atmosphere encourages conversation instead of perpetuating the antisocial world of other WiFi driven coffeehouses. Patrons go for the coffee and to make friends.
I genuinely believe I'm not wanted here despite having stopped in a number of times. If I order an iced coffee, and then get charged for, and given an iced americano one more time, I'm going to do nothing except for continue my Volo boycott.
This place is POPPING. Why? Most likely because the starbucks down the street went out of business...womp...

And those of us who are coffee addicts will get it anywhere if need be!

Im also pretty sure this place is just as pricey as Starbucks. And what I hate here is that there is no way to form an orderly line. There is just a big counter and you just awkwardly go up and hope you aren't giving your order before someone who was there before you. I just always end up asking everyone at the counter if they ordered yet. Which is super annoying. 

Im in Manayunk all the time, so If I need a coffee, Ill be here!
Stopped by Volo during our college touring trip through the area, and found Volo based upon very positive Yelp reviews.  It did not disappoint!  

Enjoyed their friendly service, professional and safe COVID protocols, excellent and strong coffee (loved their latte) and some fantastic breakfast sandwiches and pastries.  Enjoyed the experience and would recommend as a 4-star experience.
Very nice people that work here. The lattes are so good. The paninis are good too. I always get the smoked salmon one. The cinnamon rolls are AMAZING! 

They use la colombe beans which are great quality. Very distinctive rich flavors. Corsica and nizza are my fave flavors. 

I think the prices for the food and pastries are a bit high though. Will definitely continue to be a patron.
Super yummy food and great service! I had the orange juice and a sandwich. The staff was really prompt and friendly.
We stopped here on a food tour.   Definitely will be back to have another cappuccino and people watch.   Love that they have outdoor seating.
