This is great northern Indian/ Pakistani food. The owner is very gracious and the food consistently good! Try the roast chicken one of the house specialties! My favorite is the fish dish and the kulcha bread!! It's inexpensive and good food!
I have to say after a good recommendation one of my co-workers, I finally give a shot to this place, I have to throw on that this restaurant is a Pakistani approved place by one of my other co-worker. I came with couples of co-workers and had a family-style dinner. The restaurant is located in the city with make parking a little difficult, but the restaurant is pretty big so is not that hard to get a table. They don't serve alcohol or allow it from outside like most of the restaurant in Philly with making it a little turn off but the food makes it worth it. 

We order the fried chicken, curry goat, biryani, and some bread.

One of the best combinations of that night was dipping the bread on the curry coat sauce making it very delicious.

The fried chicken had a good seasoning a bit spicy with you could taste it at the end, with it make it unique and very had to resist the amazing flavor, we ended ordering another one, this has to be the most order plate everytime you come here. 

The biryani was ok, it had a good taste but not a fan of it on this place the VIP of the night was chicken for sure. 

I can see myself coming back to eat more fried chicken.
If there was one word to describe eating here, it would be uncomfortable. Don't get me wrong, the food's great, but the service was so bad my friend and I considered skipping out on the check just to avoid another painfully awkward interaction with the waitstaff. It was honestly some of the worst service I'd ever seen; no one knew what they were doing. It would have been funny if it wasn't so creepy.

When we got in, we tried to figure out whether we should wait for a table, go sit down, or order from the counter. We chose to sit down. My friend flagged down the waiter. I ordered samosas, a side of palak paneer, and naan - just enough for one person - and then the waiter walked off. My friend was sitting there, openmouthed, waiting for the waiter to come back. He did, to drop off the samosas, and then ran away. We finally flagged down another waiter, but his English was terrible - my friend said "I want to order" and he asked her if she wanted a bottle of water. It took another 5 minutes for him to comprehend that she wanted a veggie platter and I wanted to know if I should get my soda out of the case or wait for someone to bring it to me.

The food was amazing; I think the Yelp reviews and Craig LaBan have made that very clear. But the experience was greatly diminished by the fact that the servers couldn't stop staring at me and my friend. Strangely, we had a really hard time getting their attention when we actually needed them, since it took 10 minutes just to get to-go boxes and the servers would barely talk to us or look at us.

Come for the samosas, stay for the horrible service (and objectification, if you're female).

Also, they had the entire place shut down by 11:15 and it's supposed to be open until midnight. We left around 11:20 and saw 4 people who were turned away because they'd already cleared out the steam trays. If you're going to do that, close at 11.

Edit: My friend reminded me that there was a huge puddle of water (as in 2-3 feet wide and half an inch deep) near the entrance from a leaking pipe. In retrospect, we should have left right then.
Been to this place more than a dozen times - the food is always always delicious. I would highly recommend the beef chapli kebab (funnily enough, thats not on the menu but order them anyway ), lahori churga and chicken karhai. Food is always fresh and service is great.
Ordered the fried chicken half. 

The white meat was fairly dry. The dark meat was juicy and had a nice crisp to it. The naan was soft & fluffy on the interior while just crispy on the outside. 

I didn't find this chicken particularly special. Just OK.
Hate to give it one star, but there's just no way around it.

I do not contest the fact that you can get amazing food here. So amazing that it may be the best you've ever had. But on the other hand, the ridiculous inconsistency here and the underhanded corner-cutting management that actually *prides* itself on passing off old food as new earn this place the worst rating possible. I hate to say it, but the place is run in a very non-American style. Take that to mean what you will, in short, it's a two-bit operation with good recipes, but wildly variable quality and a very loose, uncaring handle on how to deal with the social norms of the clientele in a place like Philly. 

It's Pakistani/Indian food which is definitely made great when it's done right, but how often that happens is anyone's bet. Half the time more than 50% of the menu is unavailable. They sort of ride out from week to week whatever they can afford or whatever will keep their costs down. Sadly I don't see this place lasting. One time I had great chicken here, another time, I could tell they had eagerly given me an old portion of haleem. 

Your best bet on coming here is after they've had a lot of customers, that's the only way you know you're getting fresh food. If you walk in and the place looks empty, seriously, just pass this place by, you'll be doing yourself a huge favor.
My good friend took me here last night for me to try Pakistani food for the first time. The restaurant itself, I wouldn't take a date to, it had a very bad draft coming through. The ceiling was leaking water and there was a water bucket on the floor right next to my table. We ordered the fried chicken, Boti, Beef rolls, and bread. Food was delicious, it had a nice spice to it pack with flavors I've never tasted before. Service is a little slow, I recommend if you do decided to eat here, call in your your food order if you plan on eating there. It was roughly a 15-20 minute wait for our food.
This is by far the best Pakistani/Indian restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia. The food has been consistently delicious and well prepared. If you're craving a piece of home, then this is the place to go to. The chicken tikka and chapli kababs are choice, and might even be better than what I've had in Pakistan. 

If you're in town and looking for some delicious and flavorful food, this is the place to be.
This place is horrible for a few reasons. First of all their food isn't so tasty and they charge you different prices from the menu. The kabab needed better seasoning and the samosas were off. The Naan was decent at best. The waiter seemed like he was disinterested with my family and I. Also the service was quite spotty. Now the main reason we came here was because this place served halal food and seemed okay. I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone honestly.
Overall rating this location has is not justified. I been coming here since they opened 8-9 years ago. Yes their service isn't top notch. There isn't professional waiter or waitress working in there. They just bring the food out to you, that's all. However, their food is amazing. Absolutely amazing!!! I am very picky with desi food. This place is my favorite. Their food is fresh, and cheap. Restaurant is very clean and pretty big inside. Great for large group and family. 
They are great for catering food for large event. Owner is super friendly and honest.
I so want to give this place a higher rating, but the service is going to be their downfall.  Was there at 5:30 on a Friday afternoon, one table (parents with small child) arrived just before we did.  I watched at least four other parties, who arrived after I did, receive their food before my party (one of them even received 2/3 of what we ordered!!), and the family finally walked out after an hour - after telling manager "Saw six people get their food, where is ours??"  Manager came by table to ask what we had ordered.  If they would put a simple system in place (names or a unique number on each order) everything would be fine.  When it was time to pay, it took 10 minutes standing at cash register for them to acknowledge me.

Food - Allo Tikki (mashed potatoes mixed with spices, formed into patty and fried) was OK, Sabzi (mixed vegetables) was OK, Sesame Naan was very good, Lahori Chargha (seasoned crispy fried chicken) was very good.

May go back once they get their act together, but the horrendous service outweighs the good food.
I had been here a few times in the past and was not very impressed. While the owners were nice, the menu was pretty much useless. Every time I tried to order something (on the phone or in person) they would tell me that they only had whatever was in their steam trays, and couldn't make anything to order. Then why bother even having a menu? In addition, the food in the steam trays never looked fresh or appetizing, since they had been sitting around for hours and tasted as such. Sure, it was pretty cheap, but it wasn't particularly good. 

However, after reading LaBan's glowing review, we decided to give Wah-gi-wah another chance and tried the charga fried chicken. He was right: it was pretty amazing. The naan wasn't bad either. We also ordered some eggplant dish from one of the steam trays, and were kind of disappointed at the size of the tiny container that had cost us $5. The eggplant itself was just okay; I wouldn't order it again. 

My advice? Stay away from the pre-made food and just get the charga. This deliciously-seasoned deep-fried whole chicken is definitely worth the $12.
I have eaten in the restaurant once and more recently ordered catering from Wah-Gi-Wah. When I went to the restaurant with a friend, I loved the whole chicken platter--the fried chicken was extremely tender and nicely portioned. Service was pretty fast as well. 

A few months later, I was running a dinner event for 24 people that included a seminar component about West Philadelphia and decided to order catering from Wah-Gi-Wah. Although I'm not sure that they have an official catering menu (I couldn't find it online), I called the restaurant to see if it was possible. The restaurant was extremely easy to work with and accommodated my needs. I ordered chicken platters, ground beef and ground chicken kabobs, and two different platters of mixed vegetables, and the meal came with bread, salad, and yogurt sauce. I told them I needed enough food for 24 people, some of whom would be vegetarian or Kosher, and they worked with me to order the right amount of food for a reasonable catering cost. They delivered the food to my location per my request and allowed me to pay once I received the delivery. Everyone at the event loved the food and were stuffed to contentment, and we were even left with some leftovers. Although the chicken was a bit messy to eat during a talk, the kabobs were easy to eat, juicy, and well-seasoned--quite spicy actually! The kick from the kabobs went very well with the refreshing yogurt sauce, and the combination was actually quite addictive. 

Overall, affordable prices, delicious chicken and kabobs, and easy to work with for catering orders. Definitely check this place out!
If you're looking for a hole-in-the-wall, cheap place to eat decent Pakistani food, this place is it.  The freshly cooked food, which includes the Lahori roasted chicken and naan, are great.  In fact, its hard to get good naan in Philly and this place has the best naan you'll find in the area.  

However, much of the food isn't freshly prepared but is sitting under a hot lamp and is simply put on your plate when you order.  I think this place would be better if all the food was fresh.
I used to come here all the time and the food taste is always great.
HOWEVER, after 3 years in Philly, I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
Rude servers, the owner doesn't listen to customers, they never own up to their mistakes, there is noise of construction which they don't acknowledge or apologize for. They took the wrong order and would not accept it!! The replacement order took more than 40 minutes.
The one time I ordered food for catering, it was more than an hour late and they did not show any remorse!
Disgusting
They would not take our order over the phone even though we were one hour away and in a hurry. Great food. Terrible service.
Good food but pathetic service. The servers are rude and do not listen to the customers.
Worst customer service ever. I have come here at least 3 times and every time it's a battle with the owner and the servers

Someone please open up another Pakistani restaurant
Wah-Gi-Wah is a Pakistani restaurant in West Philly, a few blocks outside University City. Tipped off by a  Facebook review in a community forum, my friend and I decided to come find out what "food better than my Pakistani mother's" tastes like.

We shared the half chargha (fried chicken), allo palak (spinach and potatoes), and takatak fish (grilled fish with herbs and spices). Juicy and full of flavor, the chargha alone was good enough to warrant a repeat visit. The spinach and potatoes in the allo palak were smooth and flavorful. Our least favorite, the takatak fish was salty and oily. We think the sauce would taste better with a heartier protein like lamb.

Despite what other Yelpers reported, our servers were attentive and friendly. We had a huge pitcher of water all to ourselves. Including tax and tip, we spent $16 per person - well worth it for a delicious dinner!
Wah-Gi-Wah is amazing! The food I had was delicious!  We ordered the allo palak, allo keema, Lahori Chargha (chicken), naan and keema naan.  Reading other negative reviews it sounds like people made the mistake of ordering stereotypical Indian food here (opposed to the Pakistani dishes).  The Pakistani food was so good! The chicken was fried whole and was very moist and flavorful on the inside.  But my personal favorite was the the allo keema.  They use ground goat for the keema and it is fantastic! I cannot wait to go back and eat their again.  

Oh yea! Also, I hear they can prepare a whole leg of goat dish made to order (Lahori Style Raan Roast).  Just give them a few hours notice and they can make it.  I need to try that one day!
Most of the food was alright, but damn, that fried fish was insane. Probably the best fried fish I have ever had- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Well-seasoned all throughout and an absolute delight to eat. I wish I could change my order and just get the fish instead of whatever I ordered because it was out of this world. I think I got a chicken something but it was only decent.

It is a little bit more expensive in the 15-20$ range, but the service was a bit slow. It was easy to get seated though.
I have had wah-gi-wah many times as many people I know have gotten delivery or weddings catered from here. The food here is way better than most restaurants I have been to and I may start getting delivery more often from them.

It is not a fancy restaurant so don't be alarmed but it is tasty so you can let that go. Service is slow but thats fine I hate being rushed anyway but towards the end I just wanted the (sweet) waitress to just stop talking to us so we could go home. The owner did come out and chat with my family and he was nice - my uncle asked him to open one in LA and the owner said no I don't like it there lol.

foodwise we got the Chargha (heavily seasoned, deep fried whole chicken) which is what made them famous and it was really good. I enjoyed the taste but would have liked it to be a little less dry. They also have a baked version which I look forward to trying soon.

The chicken and beef kabobs were tasty, the seasoning was done right and they weren't dry. We also got the butter chicken which had more seasoning in it than your traditional creamier variety and it was good. I especially enjoyed dipping the (AMAZING) naan in the sauce. My uncle also got the naan stuffed with beef, this was unique and pretty good. The chicken karhai was really good and now I just want a good home cooked meal thinking about all this food! The Briyani I think was the last bit they had (everything else was REALLY fresh) so I wasn't as much of a fan. 

I didn't enjoy the pink tea but the kheer (rice pudding dessert) wasn't bad.
It pains me to say this because I am typicaly a positive yelper, but I have to write this one, so here goes. I got food poisoning from this place. I know this b/c I didn't eat anything for a full 13 hours before I ate their food. Before eating my chicken tikka, I ate about half the rice, then took a break so the spice wouldn't bother me. I didn't going down, but it sure did coming back up 5 hours later.

Sorry Wah Gi Wah but food poisoning doesn't even warrant you the star I am giving.
When Philadelphia Inquirer food critic Craig LeBan published his review of this Pakistani establishment in West Philadelphia and awarded it two bells, I had to see what this place was all about.  

Wah-Gi-Wah apparently means "spectacular" and that is how I would describe its chagra -- fried chicken.  I would not use the adjective to describe the locale itself -- it was attempting an industrial look with exposed brick.  While it was not a hole-in-the-wall, I understood why many people just ordered for take-out.  As I waited to place my order, I eyed the already prepared food that was behind the glass case: it looked like the food had been sitting there since the day before.  I even heard the ding of a microwave which made me steer clear of ordering anything from behind the glass case.  

I placed my order and was informed that it would take 15 minutes.  So, since I didnt want the pervasive aroma of oil that permeated the interior leeching onto my clothes, I took a walk around this part of town to explore its other culinary offerings.  I returned 20 minutes later, and my order was not complete... which was surprising since there werent any other patrons in the restaurant at the time.  

Okay, lets go back to the chicken.  LeBan raved about the fried chicken, and Ill agree with him.  I ordered the chagra combo special which included half of a whole fried chicken, a large piece of naan, and a minty, slightly creamy dipping sauce.  Instead of being breaded, a mixture of spices (not terribly corrosive to the palette) was rubbed in before the entire bird was thrown into the fryer.  The product: tender chicken filled with an explosion of flavors.  

Would I go back?  Sure... only if I found myself in that neighborhood again, though.  Im glad I was able to try fried chicken, prepared in an unfamiliar way.
Over all I like this place, but there are issues with the service, and the design and layout of the space. It's confusing when you walk in. You don't know whether to sit down and wait for someone to come to your table or if you should walk to the back and order, and than sit. 

If you do go to the back to order take out, it's also confusing, because there's what appears like a big menu board with photos - but it doesn't give a description of the food or the prices. You have to request a menu to see what they have - but with that said, there's a steam table that has a lot of the day's specials that look amazing - and if you order from that you'll be very satisfied.  

The food was very good. Craig LeBan's review was spot on. The fried chicken was awesome! The Keema Nann was great. The lamb was slightly disappointing - oily and greasy. The spinach and potatoes were very good, The cauliflower and potatoes were good too - but it was mostly potatoes, not much cauliflower. The rice was cooked perfectly and very tasty. Looking forward to going back and trying other items. 

Oh, the prices are out of this world reasonable!
No excuse.  This restaurant opened in April or earlier, so it's no longer possible to attribute our absurd experience to the need to "iron out" initial "kinks."  We tried very hard to patronize this place.  Example: walked in at 7 pm; no other customers except a guy waiting for takeout.  Were given menus then completely ignored while one staff person spoke loudly on the phone for 15 minutes and other staff ignored us.  We finally had to signal emphatically that we would like to order.  After a further delay, we discovered that the restaurant was "out of" all three of the very standard items we first ordered, including palak paneer.  We finally asked what they *did* have, and the answer was a very small list.  Why give customers a menu if you have only one percent of the things listed on it?  Also, the seats are so dysfunctional that the backs tip backward into the seat behind you (unsafe to lean back), and the bench-parts are also unstable (even for people who weight 120 pounds).  There's a profound disconnect here.  This doesn't seem like a restaurant.  Nor is the false "food vs. ambiance" dichotomy illuminating in a situation where there's not enough *ambient* anything to support fundamentals like oh say the simple provision of food.  Maybe if Wah-Gi-Wah could stop shooting themselves in the foot, more people would actually be able to taste their food, which is reputed to be good.  Maybe those happier customers just had very vivid imaginations and dreamed the whole thing.  That would be a more satisfying experience than the one we had a few nights ago, which was empty of food or service.
On the quest for great Middle Eastern cuisine I discovered Wah-Gi-Wah!!!!  Thank goodness!  I've only lived in Philly for about 8 months and coming from the DC area Kabob Palace is where it's at!  While Wa-Gi-Wah doesn't compare to the AMAZING Kabob Palace, it's the best substitute I've found in Philly.  I've tried Kabobeesh and that is not where it's at.  The BBQ Platter at Wah-Gi-Wah really give you a bang for your buck!  Great selection, fresh and cooked to order food.  My bf loves the lamb kabob platter.  This is def my top choice when it comes to Middle Eastern cuisine in Philly.
The food is just delicious and they take care of your spice levels! 

The indoor seating looked pretty kool! I just had a takeout so just visited it.

The Karahi chicken was just too good and also the lamp chops
Overall rating this location has is not justified. I been coming here since they opened 8-9 years ago. Yes their service isn't top notch. There isn't professional waiter or waitress working in there. They just bring the food out to you, that's all. However, their food is amazing. Absolutely amazing!!! I am very picky with desi food. This place is my favorite. Their food is fresh, and cheap. Restaurant is very clean and pretty big inside. Great for large group and family. 
They are great for catering food for large event. Owner is super friendly and will work with you on the price.
So, let's start off by saying, I went here based on two recs from people I know.

It was a Wednesday night, 6:30, and the place was empty. So I figured the food wouldn't be so fresh. 

We ordered naan, chicken tikka, chicken tandoori, beef Sikh kabob, and chicken biryani. 

The biryani was definitely reheated. It might have Ben decent if it was fresh. 

The chicken tandoori was also reheated, and honestly, it was horrible. It tasted super old. 

The Sikh kabob were dry. 

The naan was a little too crunchy, not soft enough. 

Lastly, the tikkas were good. 

All in all, this place was below average. 

Honestly, Kabobeesh is much much better.
Horrible place...ordered Lahori Charga and they tell us we have to wait 30 minutes for it...two parties came after us and they got their charga before us and within 15 mins...would never go to this horrible place again. Tons of other Pakistani restaurants where you can have an enjoyable experience with great food.
I went here with 3 coworkers that are from Pakistan.  I got to say this place is really good.  The food was great and exotic.  Previously I had tries a Pakistani place and the food was very similar to Indian.  This place was definitely not that.

We had curry goat, some spiced fry chicken, a chicken pea dish, beef kabob and some bread.

The curry goat, chicken and bread were the best.  I'll definitely have to go back and try some of their other dishes.

I do agree with some of the reviewers that the service is a bit slow, but it is on par with the slow service I keep getting around Philly.  The food was worth it though.
Great food and everytime I've benn there service has been decent. It's not a four start restaurant afterall so don't expect that, but still good. The food is amazing so what more can you ask for? Parking is hit or miss, so there are always 2-3 places we think of getting food close by, so that we are bound to get lucky with parking SOMEWHERE!
RACIST PEOPLE!!
The owners and workers are racist towards other Pakistanis Indians. They serve food to Americans who visit as opposed to ethnic people. They are also extremely rude to other Pakistanis/Indians/Bengalis and treat them like inferior individuals. I wish I could give them negative stars since they are so terrible!

If you would like great Pakistani food, there is a restaurant down maybe 4-5 blocks called Kabobeesh. Try them, they are great!!!
It is a decent Pakistani food place as long as you don't expect a fine dining experience. Not sure why so many negative reviews about it but perhaps there is a strong relation between price range and customer's expectation. From my experience, food is good and among the dishes we tried Kabab, lamb rib, biriyani, lassi was all OK but absolutely loved the naan and chicken chargah. I found it a great value and may be that is the reason I was not as disappointed as others. 

In comparison, I found the prices of curries exorbitant. It is not a fine dining restaurant and at that price range no wonder people are going to expect better service, presentation and ambience. Having said that, from my personal experience as a South Asian origin, at most South Asian eateries curries are somewhat pricey and not worth having specially at this price range. If you are from SA origin then you are probably better off cooking it at home. 

In conclusion, will I go back? Yes! Only to try the chicken chargah again.
Pure hype from the stand point of fried chicken - let's be honest, it's not fried - it's roasted, and it's not even all that good. The prices are decent, and the crew is fairly friendly. But most of the hype comes from foodie hipsters and that hack Craig Laban.
Worst customer service ever. Owner and the sever both are rude. They would never say sorry to you or be polite. It feels like I am eating for free there. Doesn't matter how the food is but I would never go there again
Worst food experience ever, if there were 0 stars I would give it 0. Takes a log time to get your food, they make you wait and then tell you food is not available.  I don't understand why people go to this place.
I was going to give them the benefit of the doubt and leave my review at three stars, but after this past visit, I'd have to give this place a solid one star. To start out, I understand that the winter is pretty unforgiving right now and heating bills can add up, but for a restaurant with very large dine-in space, it seems like something is off when customers are shivering while eating their food, all bundled up in their puffy winter coats, all while sitting INSIDE the restaurant. I don't really need an extremely comfortable dining experience, but I did not pay for an uncomfortable one. 

This time, we ordered Aloo Keema and a chicken and chickpea curry dish. 

The Aloo Keema was not only cold, but was also overly salty and had the texture and dullness of leftovers. This dish falls solidly in the "zombified" category. It is clear that the life had been sucked out of this dish over and over through vigorous stirring and numerous trips between the fridge and the microwave. I now see what Rizwan A. meant by "corner-cutting" in his review of this place. 

The chicken chickpea curry dish was hot when it came out, but this was probably because it was drenched in piping hot chili oil. There was a serious lack of flavor in the chicken, the chickpeas, as well as the sauce. I might come back again, but only for the sake of convenience. There are places within blocks that serve better and fresher versions of this food. 

P.S. Thanks to Babak S. for posting photos of the food menu. I tried to find the menu on their website, but soon realized that their entire website is filled with ads (e.g. French Food Menu, Applebees Restaurant Menu?!...) and no actual food menu (that I could see as of today). If you click on these ads, they get something like $0.45 per click. The abundance and pervasiveness of ads suggests that whoever designed this website might be hoping that consumers might accidentally click on these ad links while searching for the food menu on this restaurant's website.
Best indian restaurant in Philly? Nope.
We ordered about 5 plates of food.
Chicken Biryani, lahori chargha, goat korma, nihari curry, chicken kadhai.

All of them were mediocre at best. Chicken kadhai was probably the only thing that tasted good. The lahori chargha is over hyped. Most of the food isnt even flavorful. I can make a better nihari curry at home then they can.

Nonetheless, i am giving them a 2 star for the variety of food the offer and the service takes forever.
Nehin bhai Nehin

I think this place is over-rated. I have not had the Charga that everyone else seems to love but my first experience was less than average.
Best Charga and Kadai in city.. Place need to improve on service..
Currently living alone and Wah-Gi-Wah is write across the street so I sometimes get dinner from here. I always get their sesame naan which I love to pieces. Recently I started getting the chicken tikka masala which is good. It's flavorful and burning hot when served. The chicken meat is white but sometimes undercooked. For it's price, quality, and overall taste, I recommend it. I also once got their chicken tikka kabobs which were pricey for like 5 pieces but it was delicious. 
Other than the food, the service sucks. The cashier/host always looks frustrated and stressed. He's not cheerful or friendly and sometimes even rude. I usually always get takeout so I never have to deal with their staff, fortunately!
Service sucked major nutz. Food is not fresh. The restaurant was dead.  Expensive. Can't get worse
We came here because a friend said Pakistani fried chicken was the new Korean fried chicken and I follow trends like a lemming. Problem is, I realllly like Korean fried chicken. Putting that aside, this chicken makes you want to come back for more. It seems like its rubbed with some sort of tandoori rub, stuffed with a lemon.... and then what? Deep fried? No clue, but what results is crazy tender.

We got the whole chicken platter (enough food for two for lunch, maybe for dinner I would order something additional). The naan was good and the salad that came with sucked but cut the salt at least. And the service is, well, not ideal. But your classic hole in the wall with some bomb chicken!
I like this place. The food is always really tasty. I've been several times and it has gotten better each time. As Ali Z. wrote, the naan is excellent, especially the keema naan stuffed with meat. 
I think the key to eating at this restaurant is not to have anything already picked out on their menu. A lot of what is available is not on the menu and that stuff is usually pretty awesome. What I usually do is go in and ask the guy what all the dishes are (they are in trays behind the counter), and I choose from what they have. I had perhaps the most amazing yellow dal I've ever eaten a couple of weeks ago. The mixed veg and aloo gobi I had this past weekend were truly outstanding.
Update: Dinner tonight (3/19) included beef haleem - bulgar and beef pounded into a paste, cooked with spices and topped with a ghee-based gravy. AMAZING.
Update: Dinner on 12/13 included two specials - keema (spicy, minced beef) with potatoes and an AWESOME duck curry (duck on the bone so that all the goodness just seeps into the sauce...). Even thought hey now have waiter service, go up to the counter and check out the specials!
if you look through my reviews,  very rarely do i give out less than 5 stars. I'll start this out by pointing out the food, the food was great. SO  don't let 1 star dissuade you from eating here because the food was great. the service was worse than crap. it's so very rare that we find a good Pakistani restaurant so when we ordered for our group of 6, we ordered initially only 3 dishes and naan. Having been pleasantly surprised with the food, we ordered more dishes of nihari, more dishes of kababs, and more naan. Albeit we ordered extra individual dishes/naan maybe 3 times max,  the service provided by the two individuals there -whether they be workers or owners - were the two nastiest unapproachable people ever.  one short haired lady who nastily commented that I order all my naan at once -to save her time and work, idk-, after our second order of extra naans, and the guy that took our order sneakily separated our mixed kebab order into 2 separate chicken and beef platter charges on our check.  I pointed it out to no avail, and we paid the added charges.   the customer service here is shit. we're from Orlando,  just visiting. My parents noticed the terrible attitude of the staff as soon as walked in. Take my advice, if you're a local in need of satisfying a desi craving, get take out,  or better yet go to kabobeesh, the people AND the food there are accommodating and outstanding.
We came here on a sunday afternoon so it was pretty quite. It's a small joint but their menu is quite extensive. We ordered a bunch of naans and tandoori roti, their weekend special called Nihari which is some sort of beef curry and Aloo tikki. I could tell that everything, even the aloo tikki was freshly prepared. The tandoori naan was amazingly soft! Their beef curry was so delicious - it just had this layer of oil on top that I am not a fan of but I guess that's how it is prepared. Also, I had no issues with the service - probably because it was so quiet. The food is reasonably priced - I can easily say that I was pretty satisfied with the food and the bill :)
The service is bad and really slow . The food isn't great almost everything other than the naan was cold . The chicken platter we ordered had more rice and hardly 4 pieces of chicken !! Why call it a platter then . The naan and the mango lassi was the only decent things about this place .
The food is average but the staff(middle aged lady) is rude and behaved inappropriately. While taking away plates, she actually took leftover salad from my friends plate and put it on mine... while I was still eating. She didn't even have the courtesy to ask. I heard similar stories about this place, from my other friends as well.
We were blown away by the deliciousness of their food. Everything we tried was perfectly cooked, spice level was on point and the flavor profile knocked our socks off. The space is clean and the staff was super kind and helpful. There's so much on the menu to try, we are excited to go back!
My first visit to this restaurant after a visit to UPenn. Parking's a pain. You'll be lucky if you find anything in 5 blocks. Saad's is right down the street. Luckily these guys are not cash only like the other restaurants on the block. 
The place is clean but staff really need some training. The male waiter was actually responsive while the lady at the counter was probably hard of hearing or acted like that, completely disregarding questions and ignoring people asking her questions. We felt very offended by that. That lady needs to be trained or proper staff hired if they want more business. The tables were new and clean, bathroom was new but needed more maintenance by staff. The staff would be pleasant while at your table but unresponsive at the counter for some reason. Have to flag down our waiter to order more stuff. The two stars are for the food which was very good and one for the owner who did make an effort by coming to our table and asking how everything was but the staff were a complete turnoff. Would definitely come back but to get takeout, would have to find out how they are on the phone orders.
Decor was pretty nice with some rural touches. 

Food:

We ordered the family grill platter which included a chargha chicken and three small kababs along with 5 naans, the goat biryani, the chicken white karahi, some mango lassis, some salty lassis and tea afterwards. The wait was a bit long (better to order ahead I guess if they do take any orders)
The chargha was very good but a bit bland to my taste, the goat biryani changed to chicken as they apparently ran out but was very good, the kababs were very good, so was the mint chutney that came with the platter. The platter came with salad which was very fresh, the chicken white karahi was a bit sweet even though I asked for spicy, the salted lassi was amazing and refreshing. The naans were the best naans we've had so far, nice fluffy and right from the oven, the chargha was very well made but just lacking a little bit of spice but I guess that's how the people around there like it.
A great place to eat overall! Love the amazing selection of Pakistani, indian, and Bangladeshi food they have to offer. The only reason for the 4 and not the 5 stars is that the dishes tend to be less on the spicy side comparatively to other Pakistani/Indian restaurants. Even when requested to make the food spicier, the Heat was missing! Having said that, I go about every week to pick up some Kashmiri chai -which is amazing ( the chopped almonds really make it authentic).  They also have really great dessert options, and you have a sweet tooth like me... the kheer is great! The restaurant looks like it's family owned ( I see the same wonderful woman and man working the cash register/waiting tables every week), and it really some charm to the place. Definitely a place to go to get some homey food ( unless yk you're vegan).
Loved every bit of it . Simple restaurant but fabulous food . Service was good too . Lahori cholly were amazing . I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Omg the chicken charga is to die for!!! Highly recommend getting. Food is very authentic and delicious here. I also always get samosas chaat. It's always so so good
I've been going to this place for quite some time. Granted that I live a hour away from here and it's not so frequent but enough that I make a fair review on this place. So last time I was there, I had ordered the Raan (leg of goat) and the top portion of it was completely stiff as if either it was cooked for too long or it was made before for another customer but they didn't show and was saved for later one. This time, I had ordered a large order of kebabs and they were cold. They guy states they were made fresh but left out in the open. I mean if they are made fresh, and the time between ordering and receiving them which was 15 minutes, it seems unlikely that they actually were made fresh.  Then he says they were made 2 hours ago, which I didn't believe at all. So I refused them. 

Ultimately, this place was better years ago but lately it's going downhill. It's the crap customer service, lack of quality in their food and dishonesty which is apparent more frequently.
