I like Watkins Drinkery because its essentially The Dive for grownups. Its definitely fitting that its the bar that John would open years later when his tastes and business sense became a little more seasoned. Gone are the the PBR, free pizza and microwaveable food, and Adult Swim on the TV. And in its place are an amicable rotating beer selection and crazy cocktails, an impressive food selection, And a rotating selection of shows for your viewing pleasure (Hidden City might be my new addiction!). And it still maintains the cool sense of camaraderie and good spirit.

There's only about seven beers on tap. But they rotate enough with the seasons to make the spot a beer haven. You'll also find a bottle list that ranges from High Life and lager to Brooklyn Monster and other craft ales. ridiculous drink offerings range from the seasonal mulled cider with rum and bourbon, to a BACON bourbon martini!

There's a good mix of people behind the kitchen (including one of the no longer Worst Cooks in America - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worst_Cooks_in_America), and they deliver a seasonal menu that's good for adventurous and not so adventurous eaters alike. Nachos get topped with venison, lamb sharwma, and kangaroo. Sandwiches get filled with things like pheasant and roasted boar, and pot pies get topped off with rabbit. They have a grilled cheese of the week special, and the fish for their fish and chips rotates semi-regularly (from haddock, to skate wing, and then some!). When I went this week I completely devoured a Brazilian stew that was topped off with wild boar, alligator sausage, and antelope. The menu is just that wild and you might want to consider leaving room for dessert! But at the same time you can still choose to order a burger, some veggie options, and some other not so adventurous offerings instead. and their Taco Sunday may very well give Taco Tuesdays everywhere a run for their money!

The extra kicker to the Drinkery is its upstairs game room complete with pool darts, and classic video games. What's not to like?
Hey, Justin B. eat a bag of hot dicks. You brought outside food to a bar, didn't order a drink, and thought you were entitled to service. You are everything that is wrong with society. Please die your vegan, gluton free death..
If you're the type that has a hankerin for kangaroo, then hop on over to Watkins Drinkery. That's my opening blurb. Enjoy. 

Well, the first time I went to Watkins Drinkery, kangaroo nachos were on the menu, but none of my "pals" were willing to split em with me. So I passed... cause what am I gonna do? Have leftovers, have em boxed up just to tote em around with me the rest of the night? That would just lead to me pestering bar folk on our crawl, all,  "Guess what's in here. It's kangaroo."  I'd be making everyone's life a living hell. Enough about the roo. 

By the way, if Watkins Drinkery serves up moose, I am in...if only to drop quotes from the movie Arthur. (The original 1981 Arthur, obviously. Come on.)

So, let's get down to brass tacks: I like Watkins Drinkery for the consistently great beer list and for the friendly service and comfortable cozy vibe...The interesting and often changing menu is surely a draw to this neighborhood bar as well.

 I have enjoyed their wild boar preparations in sandwich form, be it BLT of boar belly or slow roasted and served on a hoagie roll with long hots. I appreciate you, you wild and crazy pig. 

Stuffed portobello braciole was tasty and vegan too. Good fries, I like their skinny, crispy fries as well. Venison nachos? Thumbs up. Totally enjoyable, and my table was fans of the pumpkin salsa. Seasonal!  Fun pals split weird nachos. Remember that.
To bartender John: don't be afraid.  I am indeed a horrifically bitter and spiteful Yelper, but you and Watkins are nowhere near my shit list.  In fact, I had a better time watching Top Gear with you Saturday night than I've had in a long time.

No seriously.  We went to Watkins for the first time (having been meaning to try this new neighborhood establishment since it opened) on a Saturday night.  Was delighted to find out happy hour is a 7-days-a-week thing there - finally a bar granting its patrons happiness for an hour on weekENDs too!! - and sat down at the bar.  Top Gear was on right in front of us, which boded alarmingly well, and there were some great locals brews on tap (especially great at the $2.50 happy hour price!).

Ate a bowl of chili with every meat known to man in it.  And it made me feel like a bear.  A lion's bear.  A wolf's hyena's wolverine's lion's bear.  DAMN it was good.  I did have to send it back to be warmed up, but that's just cause I'm a picky b-tch who likes her meat real hot.

Also tried the special that night: Wild Boar Jambalaya.  Oh.  My.  Lord.  It was amazing.  Actually might be the spiciest I've ever tasted food in a restaurant (minus my overly-Srirachad pho).  It was intensely heated, meaty but with the lightness of unhindered tomato.  So good.

AND there is pool.  AND there are darts.  I don't think you can get better than that.
The grilled cheese here is srs bizness. They rotate it every week or so and what I have had was delicious. I shared it with a friend but now I regret sharing it because i only got to eat half of the sammich.
So I went here the other night with a group of people. On the way I grabbed a gelato from a corner store. Just wait.... the gelato is imperative to the events the low rating of this bar. 
We sat outside and the waitress came out. She asked everyone what drinks and food they'd like etc. everyone got drinks and food. I said I'd be fine with water. "Are you serious? You're going to bring outside food in and then not order anything?"
Well I'm outside with my gelato so I didn't think it would be a problem. But she let me know it was. So I asked if she wanted me to go stand across the street and finish it. She said no she wanted me to order a drink. I told her I don't drink. She told me to get a club soda. So I gave in and got the club soda. It was $1.85 which isn't bad for a club soda. 
However this lady had no people skills. I really thought she was joking at first. 
I will however go back because the menu looks very interesting and perhaps she was just having a bad day?
The new bar from jon who runs the dive is shiny and new!!! It's all redone and awesome, and if you hate the dive for it's grimyness and smoking then there are no excuses for disliking Watkins.

I had two beers, one bottle and one draught. I had my usual Franziskaner which is always delicious, and I also had the dogfish head punkin ale, which was my first pumpkin ale of the season! Hooray!!!!

The menu at Watkins is not your typical bar fare, lots of gamey and non-traditional for a bar meats are used. Alligator, Rabbit, Boar, Buffalo, Venison and Ostrich to name a few. I tried the venison nachos, and holy sweet jesus they were DELICIOUS. The meat was PERFECT, and it was priced amazingly plus the portion size was great. 

Now that I no longer live right next to the Dive, and Watkins is much closer I will definitely be making it my usual spot. Plus upstairs they have old school arcade games!!! What more could you ask for?

For this first week they're going to be cash only, but a sign on the door informed me that they'll be accepting credit cards as soon as possible. 

Drink up!
South Philly. 
Someone brought me here and I was like: wow! This is a nice spot and I can't believe I never been here since it was so close by! Good food and atmosphere! Need to come back.
"This is just the crowd I'm looking for - such a mix of people of different ages and walks of life, all under one roof enjoying good beer." Jon, the owner of The Dive and now Watkins Drinkery, told me the other night. "If you want to come into a nice atmosphere and enjoy interesting beer and food, come to Watkins. If you want to go somewhere cheap and have a smoke, go to The Dive. I'm not trying to compete with myself here."

It is a definite change from The Dive. Not only is Jon visible from the absent cloud of smoke, but the bar has a different/more grown up feeling of comfort as oppose to The Dive. Take away the paper plate drawings and promotion flyers and replace them with photographs that Jon had taken himself from his trips to Europe. Instead of the only light source coming from the glowing TVs and cigarette cherries, we now have soft wall lamps and (some say tacky, but I LOVE it) Christmas lights cleverly peaking through individual holes in the ceiling tiles. And the biggest difference of all - trade in that can of Schlitz and Hot Pocket for a hand pumped beer engine of the local PBC and duck prosciutto with buffalo mozzarella.

Jon's done it. He has some how created the best of both worlds, and both are in a short walking distance from my apartment. There's not much else I can say except I'm very happy for him and his success, and I hope for only the best with this new business en devour.
Vegetarians and meat lovers untie under a drop ceiling punched with white Christmas lights. They are new American without trying too hard or serving the same things as everyone else. Highlights include kangaroo dumplings, and a revolving draft list. There are small plates, and large. Two small plates is enough to feel full. I was ecstatic about the grilled cheese special that was made with port cheese and pecans. There is a happy hour every day of the week with a solid draft list. The fries are spot on, and come with a house made aoli sauce.

From the outside it looks like a place where grizzled old men gather to get away from their wives but the crowd is much younger, but didn't seem too hipster. Shout out to whoever chose the seating. The high top tables near the bar are accompanied by chairs that have backs and a place for your feet to rest.
I am not offended by the rabbit at all, and that other moron should just shut the hell up.  Fish are the most popular pet, not rabbits ya dummy.
A friend recommended this place to me and it was one of the best recommendations I've had in a while. 

The menu has something for everyone. The adventurous - kangaroo chili. The vegans - roasted vegetable salad. The drinkers - TONS of beer and hot spiked cider. Oh, and the British loving- a perfect Scotch egg. 

I've been here 3 times in about 3 weeks because I love it that much. It's not fancy and doesn't take itself too seriously. Good food, good booze and a great waitstaff that puts up with our drunk anatomy discussions at the bar. What more can you ask for?
Great neighborhood bar! Good things on tap, and the menu offers up delicious items not seen everyday - Ostrich, Bison, Rabbit, Boar, Duck.  Staff was friendly, jukebox eccletic, and the crowd nice & mellow - actually allowed me to enjoy my date and our discussion. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!

Good to know - they have a 2nd floor that offers additional seating, pool table and more TV's for your viewing pleasure.
Really disappointed with this place. It had been hyped up to me as a place that specializes in serving game pubfare. Sounds like a decent twist on the well worn gastropub formula right? Nah. 

When I arrived, we had to wait for a table because they had pushed a few other tables together for a larger party who was clearly not large enough to warrant such a large table. This was only a minor inconvenience compared to what came next. 

I saw a charcuterie board on the menu which should have been a good introduction to what this place is all about. When it hit the table, we got zero explanation as to what was what. From what I could decipher, there was some type of flavorless alligator prosciutto, an ugly chilled fish blend (almost like a chilled brandade) which was also flavorless. Wish I could tell you what else was on there but none of it tasted very good anyway. 

Next up I went with the lamb dish served with flagolet beans and a sun dried tomato vinaigrette. Lamb was overcooked and tough, the mountain of beans piled over it consumed the dish and the vinaigrette was almost non existent. Very poorly executed. I ordered a glass of red wine to go with this (a cote du rhone i believe) and that tasted like it came from a bottle that had been opened days ago. 

Unless they really do some work on what's coming out of that kitchen there is no reason to go here.
Full disclosure 1: When I lived a bit closer to it, the Dive was my second home. Okay, maybe my first. Point is I'm already biased, because I have big hearts for John.

Full disclosure 2: This place is about 50 feet from my front door, so I really, really want to like it.

Having said that, the beer selection is good, and they actually have decent wine options. I've had the fish and chips, which were great after a few glasses of wine and a ginormous bottle of Brooklyn Local,  and the veggie burger (Not on the same day. I promise.) Veggie burger was great, but messy. The brie, though, is by far my favorite.

Yeah, it's a little bright, but given the location's seedy past, I have a hunch the excessive light aims to appease the neighborhood olds. If you've ever seen the crowd that used to hang out here, you'd understand.

Upstairs is neat, too.

I'm really happy this place is here, and not just because it means I have to walk half as far to get a beer. I hope it stays a while.
check out photo # 10. 

Being game fans, my husband and i headed here one night in January on the advice of friends who had heard but not partaken on the food here.  

we were one of two tables in the place and were waited on by the bartender- a petite young woman.  My husband had a few of their beers- we were surprised they had so few  considering they labelled themselves a drinkery/pub.

First thing to catch my eye was not any of the meats on the menu- but the 5 cases of meat from Wells ( a local specialty meat purveyor) sitting on the floor of the dining room.  This was at about 6 pm.  After our drinks were served and we had ordered i made mention of the cases to the Bartender/server- hoping that the kitchen was perhaps unaware of the delivery.  She replied that she would tell the kitchen.   when she came back  the message from the kitchen was that they knew and were getting to it.

we should have left then.  


BY now were were the only seated diners and remained so the rest of our meal. our food arrived- alligator sausage in a blanket with a whole grain mustard-  nice and buttery- best part of the meal.  Shepard's pie- we cant remember what type of meat it was but it was very greasy, needed salt and the mash were  lacking the two best parts of Shepard's pie topping- salt and the browned crunchy bits!  also had fried whiting with chips- grease bomb-  the batter was laden and dense and tasted like fryer.

20 minutes after we complained about the cases of meat, a dish washer came out and took two in to the place next to the bathrooms- throwing them loudly. the other three remained until we left.  twice more we made mention of the meat sitting out but no more action was taken. the bartender told me once that the kitchen was busy- we were the only table and your meat is ON THE FLOOR IN THE DINING ROOM FOR AT LEAST THE HOUR WE WERE THERE.

Oversights can be forgiven when they happen occasionally- however given that both my husband and i had some gastrointestinal distress after this meal i doubt this was outside the norm.  Leaving proteins in the temp danger zone in front of the guests makes me wonder what goes on where we cant see!!

we will absolutely not be going back and are advising friends to stay away!
Came here for the first time for a date on Sunday night over the holiday weekend. Crowd was pretty minimal and there were plenty of open tables. Noise level was more than acceptable. Service was timely but not overbearing.

They have a decent but not huge selection of beers, both tap and bottles, and a very eclectic menu. I kept it simple with bottled Kenzinger (my new favourite summer beer) and we shared an order of the lamb bacon poutine. Get the large, it's worth it. It was pretty tasty but I was wishing for more lamb bacon, gravy, and cheese curds. Basically the parts that make poutine delicious.

Overall loved the atmosphere, and seeing one of my favourite bartenders from the 'hood working here didn't hurt. I would come back for sure!
Man what is there not to love about this place... ok there are a few things but lets focus on the awesome things first!
Jon and Kate. (not the people with the 8 kids) The best bar tender and server in the hood as far as I'm concerned. Warm, friendly and accommodating. Good people all around. 
7 days a week this joint has happy hour! 7 goddamn days a week I can walk in and get beer for $3.50
Go just go, ya know you're gonna love it. I did. Boy did this neighborhood NEED Watkin's Drinkery. A neighborhood, that  yelp doesn't recognize.*

Like Tardis, it's larger inside than you'd think. Well proportioned, clean, smoke free, inviting, well lit, friendly space in a South Philly location. 

Diverse and well chosen beer list that doesn't assume the world is full of beer snobs, but takes care of you if you are.

Solid simple menu that features game AND has good vegetarian options. Food was fresh, well prepared tasty and fairly priced. Specials actually were special, a Scotch egg or escargots on a recent visit.

Staff is young, good at their jobs, hip but not hipster douchebags. They are actually FRIENDLY! The bartender is a born host. He sets a warm tone for the entire place. The waiter was a relaxed pro and didn't provide the rushed service or mumbles so common elsewhere. 

If you want emo attitude, go to Sabrinas or Royal and leave this place for people who want beer and fun food in a friendly environment.

* If you have a minute, drop yelp a line and ask them to add SOUTH PHILADELPHIA to their extensive list of Philly neighborhoods. Bonus points is you ask them add Pennsport, Steakland and Passyunk East
Quintessential gastropub. Dark, small with an interesting menu and great beer. I had the beer battered fish and chips and my date had the braised bison with spinach and polenta. We scraped our plates clean. Because this place is small and so good (and the Flyers were on) the tables were definitely full by the time our food arrived. Although, it was never crazily packed and loud which was really really nice. If I lived in this area I would probably come here all the time just to eat and drink when I didn't feel like cooking. To me what pushes this place to five stars is that unlike other gastropubs it isn't trying too hard, and it really delivers on the food. The menu had such a surprising variety of meat choices like roasted elk and spanish poutine, but then had decent vegetarian options too like seitan dishes. I think for a small menu, to have 3-4 interesting vegetarian choices is pretty great. Solid performance.
Update!

I like this place.  I really do.  Like I said earlier, it's a simple neighborhood bar and I finally got to check out some of their food.

We ordered the stuffed portobello braciole and the duck confit sandwich.  I declare the SPB to be the winner of the two dishes.  My friend described its flavor as a "campfire in her mouth"  Everything about that dish was nicely prepared and it had a ton of great flavor, albeit somewhat messy.

I didn't love the duck.  I really wanted to.  I did love the goat cheese and cranberry chutney.  The way the duck was cooked and the portion was what put me off.  I found the duck itself to be dry and it didn't really stand up to the big brioche bun it was on.  It definitely got lost in all that bread.

The service was excellent.  Our waitress was sweet, attentive and had a really great personality and sense of humor.  I detect a lot of honesty in this place and that's what I like to see in a neighborhood spot.

Cheers Watkins.  You got me.
The staff and owner here are the reason why I gave this place 4 stars. Their beer selection is also pretty on point. Their food, however, is another story.

The kitchen lacks consistency. I've had some really great meals here, and I've had some pretty disappointing ones. With the beer selection and the great staff, I keep coming back, but if the disappointments continue to outweigh the good stuff, then I'm afraid I'll need to find a new spot.
This place is certainly a hidden gem. Occupying a space no larger than your typical South Philly cramped, corner bar, wonderful things can be found therein.

The beer list is solid.

The food menu is what truly impressed me. I had a friggin Ostrich Cheesesteak for goodness sakes. It was tender and delicious. Ran about $10 with fries for 0.25lbs of ostrich. A little steep sure, but worth it to try out the exotic poultry.

I can't wait to go back and try some alligator sausage or venison nachos.
Favorite neighborhood bar so far. There's a ridic happy hour every day where you get great drafts for less than $3,  & Thera always room at the bar . There's an interesting menu with daily specials. And there's mike,  the bartender, whom I adore with his constant smile & friendly conversation. If you come in an off mood,  he'll bring your mood up before your ass his the bar stool,  & he'll remember you the next time you come. With conversation flowing across the bar your sure to make the acquaintance of your fellow drinkers. Also, I happen to appreciate that there is a science channel on the TV (usually). Nothing like catching a buzz & learning how motorcycle helmets are made. With plenty of bars with great beer, the ones that will bring me back are the ones I could go to alone & still have a great time.
Finally, after living a block away from the long-vacant Bella Rose bar, its former location is home to a spiffy new gastropub, the aptly named Watkins Drinkery. 

On the most recent Tuesday afternoon, my also-soon-to-be-married buds and I made plans to land at the Drinkery at about 8 pm to see what it is all about. 

Walking in, there is a different feeling than most of the recent gatropubs which have opened in the suddenly hip East Passyunk neighborhood we call home. The walls are wood paneled. That bears repeating- the walls are wood paneled. This lends itself to a non-pretentious feel, but I must admit that it also made me suspicious: Could a bar with wood-paneling actually satisfy?

We started off with the Venison nachos. Portion size, it is a perfect appetizer for 3. Pretty simple dish: fresh nachos piled high with salsa, Venison, queso cheese & very fresh tasting guacamole. Simple and effective. I really enjoyed this. 

For my entree, I had the 1/3 lb burger. Now, I'm not one to question anyone else's integrity, but if that was a third of a pound then I am next in line to be the Pope. It was pretty small. Quite tasty though. Still, it lacked character. 

The fries were damn good. The sauce with which they are served actually stands out from the litany of fry-sauces other places serve. It's distinct flavor is difficult to describe- dill maybe? Cucumber? Its light and addictive. The best part of the meal were the fries and their accompaniment. 

Lastly-and what a bum way to end a satisfying meal- we ordered the alligator lollipops. Though I had heard that they terrible, the waitress assured us that it's a "new recipe." Fair enough. 

My God- this dish was simply disgusting. Inedible even. There was a sort of fruity, bright orange mango-ish (?!) glaze on bite-size alligator pieces served on sticks. The meat itself was the chewiest, foul-tasting game I oculd imagine. And I have had alligator before. It wasnt this bad. We couldn't help but wonder: If this is the new recipe, how bad was the old one?!

Overall, The Watkins Drinkery has promise. I didn't mention the drafts, but they were tasty. They had the obligatory standbys (Kenzinger, Yuengling) and a large selection of other drinks. The food was good, if slightly off-kilter. Hey, gotta love bold (if misguided) innovation. I just wish a little more liberty was taken with the burger. And, of course, I wish I never tasted those alligator lollipops. 

I plan on returning here in a few weeks for an update. This spot has a lot of promise.
This is why Philadelphia is so good. Great beer. Cheeeeeeaaaaaap happy hour --- we were paying less than $2.50 for some excellent beers here. It was laughable that it was so cheap and good. The food is also totally cheap in price but the offerings are exotic like boar, bison and other game. I would go here again in a second - especially between 5 and 7.
I was a fan of Watkin's from when they first opened last October and tried to get in every few weeks.  Now that I live 1 block away, it has become our go-to bar.  I really can't say enough good things about the place.  It's small and has its regulars, but it never gets overwhelmingly crowded.  The 6 craft tap selections are always priced at $5 (except at happy hour....which is every day....and then they are 1/2 price) and they are constantly rotating.  The bottle selection is equally diverse and priced very moderatly.  If that weren't enough, the food is awesome and ranges from veggie friendly dishes to wild game (kangaroo nachos, aligator cubano sandwich, etc).  Most dishes are less than $10 and you get nice sized portions.  Sunday nights are "$2 taco" nights and they constantly change the recipe (duck confit tacos, lobster salad tacos, etc have all been featured recently).  On top of all of this, the staff is great and Jon (the owner) is extremely personable and genuinely appreciative of all of his customers.  If you haven't been here yet, GO!  And if you have been here, make sure to keep going.....we want this place to stay in the neighborhood as long as possible :)
Their beer is a decent selection.  About 6 taps with mid priced beer ($5-6), though the extra dollar for a hand pump seems a bit ridiculous.

If I had to rate Watkins solely on the food, it would get  2 stars.  Their menu seems to be more about "cool" factor rather than good food. First of all, being known for game meat, I expected a bit more than boar, rabbit, and ostrich.  Where was the kangaroo and lion? After actually trying the food though, I'm glad they had a boring menu.  What is the point of all these unusual meats unless it's executed properly?  My friend ordered venison nachos and for $9 I expected a lot more.  There were a few bare nachos on the plate with some unflavored meat and tomatoes sprinkled on top.  I ordered the boar sandwich and it was awful.  The boar was completely unflavored (not even any salt!).  It was just some meat thrown into a bun with some broccoli rabe on top.  The only decent thing were the fries (and really, how hard is it to make fries).  I can get better game meat at Fuddruckers (seriously, the Ostrich and Bison burgers are pretty good there).  I was very interested in trying different game meats, but their chef needs to learn how to cook regular food first.

I ended up spending a lot more money than I wanted to (especially on food), so I highly doubt I'll be back.
We had my boyfriends birthday party last night upstairs, and we were beyond thrilled with how awesome everything turned out. Marley was so kick ass as our server - was so attentive, fun, and just a great addition to the night. With a room of 30+ plus people, everyone had a beer in their hand (and water if needed) at all times. Thanks Jonn and Marley for taking such awesome care of everything last night!!! Reason number 38292837 we love Watkins!
I wish there were 10 million stars for this place. It's amazing. The atmosphere is friendly and when visiting,  we have always been made feel as though we are regulars. Even though we live a bit over two hours from Philadelphia, we'll make the drive just to enjoy beer and dinner here on a whim. The menu is unique and tasteful. It is changed often, so there's always something new and delicious.  I've eaten anything from rabbit to buffalo and wild boar dishes; the chef is extremely talented and creative. I love that each time I've dined here, I have ordered something that I never would've combined myself and it has always been amazing. The craft beer selection is fabulous and the cocktails are superior to most. If there was one pub I'd want around the corner from me, it's this one. The only thing that needs improvement is the restroom. As in one. Singular. Unisex. And that? Is because most men and their bathroom manners need some work. So ladies, you've been warned. Although in my opinion, the food, the beer, and the people make it worth it. If you're ever in the area, forget about those famous cheese steak places and visit the drinkery instead. You'll be glad you did.
Things I love about this bar:

1. The chatty super friendly bar tender who lives around the corner from me. Hey Michael!

2. Affordable (read $5 regular beers, $2.50 during happy hour!) quality beer - not a huge selection, but all damn tasty!

3. It's like cheers in south Philly - an interesting mix of neighborhood folks, where given a few visits - everyone will know your name.
I have written the POPE off as a drinking destination due to the sea of stank-eye giving hipsters. Thus, Watkins is my beer drinking Oasis. Good beer, great food, no bullshit.
I should start by saying I'm intimidated by the menu.  I don't eat, or want to try most of the offbeat meats they offer.  

But the burgers, both the bison and the beef, are fantastic (on awesome brioche).  The fries are perfectly crispy and come with some awesome (but super-rich) sauce.  The grilled cheese of the week is always exciting and the BLT is exactly how you want a BLT.  Crispy bacon, cool lettuce on well toasted bread. 

It's warm and friendly inside, and the upstairs game room is a bit cramped but a fun little find.  

I'd like to see a vegetable on the menu, and I'm sad that the burgers are gone for winter, but looking forward to the spring.
I was told by our server that a new chef is in town at Watkins Drinkery.  Thus the menu was "in flux".  Since this was my first time at WD, I was not sure what to make of this news.  I was caught off guard, and I thought it might not be fair to Yelp post-visit due to the change-in-leadership circumstances.   But in the end I felt it necessary to inform my friends of what's going down there in South Phila. 

First of all, the ambience is quite nice.  Especially in the winter.  Nice cozy atmosphere.  I'll be back here for a brew for sure. 

As for the food, like most of the folks yelping before me will tell you, it is centered around the exotic meats.   But let's face it: no pub, even in Philadelphia, can survive with only these offerings.  Thus as a first try I decided to go with something slightly mainstream: the cornish hen.  The bird was pretty well prepared -- slightly on the undercooked side of things though.  The brussels sprouts were oily, but not too oily. 

My fiancee went with the fish and chips.  The catch of the week was Haddock.  Really great flavors, but too much batter.  Some bites were 100% fried friedstuff.  French fries were tasty but the aioli was almost pure vinegar.   What's with this recent obsession with vinegar?  Someone needs to tell the Philly pub chef posse to let up on the vinegar!  Are you with me??

Ok, so in the end I want this place to do well, and I will concede that it's a little unfair to rate this joint before eating their venison nachos.  The bottom line is that I will be back for those nachos, and after that visit I look forward to amending this review to four stars.  Stay tuned....

Can the new chef bring this place in to the Sidecar/Royal Tavern arena???
I am really into this place. It is run by the same people as The Dive except Watkin's has a ton of game selection to eat including venison nachos, sweetbreads, and alligator sausage. The beer list is excellentand changes often. 

I had a lamb burger that wasn't the best thing I ever ate but the atmosphere and beer list completely made up for it. I didn't delve into sweetbreads but others at my table did and very much enjoyed it. Even though there is lots (and lots) of meat on the menu, there are still good options for vegetarians 

Our server was extremely knowledgable about the beer and food. We sat for over 3 hours and she was a pleasure the whole time. The atmosphere is perfect - not too hipster but not too old-manish either. It is nice and chill and easy to sit for a long time. And what's not to love about a place that has happy hour on the weekend?
I would give it 3.5 stars if it would let me. 

First, I am trying to make this my go-to bar spot if I want a drink. So far, this place is great! The bartenders and staff and friendly. The beers (when they are stocked) are also very good. The first time I was here they were out of about 3 of the 4 beers I wanted because of the previous night (I went there on a Sunday). Disappointed, but not a big deal, just laughed it off and ordered what they DID have. The bartender was also great so that saved many gripes and walking out. 

Second, I am awaiting food redemption from them. The tacos I had the first time there were great! Nothing to boast about but they did the job. The second visit, the wait was FOREVER but it was around dinner time and the place was busy. I would not recommend the fish and chips. It was good for what it was but it could help to have some seasoning to give it some flavor. The fries were also smaller than I had hoped, resembling the andy capps fries I used to get as a kid. The dipping sauce was watery. 

Overall, it's a decent spot. I need to try more and better things from the menu. Otherwise, I'm just gonna hit up this place on the way back from POPE.
I did not expect a place in south philly to have game meats on the menu.  I was very confused with the description of the falafel.  Usually falafel is a delicious vegetarian dish, however, this consisted of various meats along with the falafel.  Definitely different.  I thought the food was pretty subpar, nothing special at all about it.
Watkin's is a great little neighborhood bar. There's a sign on the window explaining to the outdoor diners that this is a residential neighborhood and to mind your volume, which I found pretty charming. While the draft list is small, it offered enough variety for me. I had set my heart on a meal from their website and then found out that the menu had changed. My sister and I decided in the house made sausage sandwich and the teriyaki elk skewers, which were both delicious. 
The one complaint I have is about the bathrooms. For a slow night, the bathroom was smelling pretty urine soaked. A single room without stalls seems pretty easy to clean as far as scrubbing drunk pee goes. A little bleach would go a long way!
Charming in a South Philly way (and I love South Philly charm), a decent draft list (though they always seem to be out of things), but the food leaves much to be desired.
This place is excellent. Just opened in my neighborhood and had to make the trip after hearing good things. Great draft beer selection with very nice beers for $5 (2.50 at happy hour) and an impressive menu. I had the venison nachos and my friend had the braised Oxtail special in a red wine sauce with pickled mushrooms. I have to say I was quite impressed with both dishes. Lots of taste and well done for a bar considering the cheap price tag that came with it.  Great service and a really nice bar area with flat screen tv's for watching Flyers, Eagles, Sixers, Phils games.   Will definitely be making a return trip.
My wife and I go out almost every friday to a bar or restaurant, usually in South Philly, to grab some food and some suds, and talk about our week.  One of the games we play is to ask one another to "rank" our favorite places to grab a beer in the neighborhood.  

Watkins, like a small yet resilient Sherpa, has been climbing in the rankings, up and up.  

I'm neither foodie nor beersnob, but in my own opinion, Watkins does both well.  They try different meats (ostrich, gator, yeti, possum etc.) in familiar scenarios, like charcuterie or sandwhiches.  If that's not your thing, or you aren't very intrepid in your meat frontier, there are 5,000 bars in this city that can give you a good burger. But Watkins goes out on a limb, and changes their menu often, so its a good idea to come back and give them a second chance if you haven't yet.

The service is always decent. Wery friendly without being cloying weirdos. Both Johns (bartender and server) remember us, and are always warm.  And that goes a long way.

A lot of my friends knock the wood panelling and decor.  I don't give a shit about things like that. 

And finally, Watkins seems to always have that sweet spot where there's enough of a crowd so you feel some energy in the place, but not so busy you feel like you are slam dancing to black flag.
Of course, it's always tough to reveal a favorite spot that hasn't become mainstream yet, but every time I go, I have such a pleasant experience that I want to encourage others to go and help keep them in business. 

The staff is friendly and attentive, the food is tasty, beer selection is wide and the happy hour deal is nice too.
Haven't eaten here yet, the bar has a really great beer list. Me and a group of friends came here late Saturday, this is a great alternative to other bars in the area. 

I want to come back for food, the marinated kale salad sounds good.
I've been on the fence about Watkins for a while. I wanted to love it because it's half a mile from my house and because they are clearly trying to have a vegetarian-friendly menu. But sometimes the beers on tap were not that great, ditto the old veggie burger, and sometimes they had reallllly strange things on the TVs, which could be slightly off-putting.

But that was all in the past. New menu, new totally amazing beers on tap, including the Victory Scarlet Fire which is quite possibly THE most interestingly delicious beer I have ever had. Their house-made veggie burger is very good (and I'm not normally a veggie burger type person because most of the time, restaurants put "veggie burger" on the menu and what they really mean is "here's a freaking Boca Burger for $7.99"). 

And finally, DEEP FRIED BUTTERSCOTCH KRIMPETS. Thank you for throwing off my wedding diet!!!
This place RULES.
Good looking, comfortable atmosphere.
Super cool, friendly staff.
Good food and local beers for excellent prices.

Try the burger with the spinach salad and a 1/2 price pint (5-7pm).
I've been to Watkins Drinkery a handful of times- all pleasant experiences.  This past weekend they earned a soft spot in my heart.
My husband and I wanted to stop in for a bite to eat with our two kids, 11 and 4.  Not certain how child friendly Watkins would be, my husband scouted out the scene, found a table for us, and waved us in.  We ordered a couple delicious hot spiked ciders, octopus, burger, grilled cheese, and vegan seitan kabobs.  Everything was delicious.  I'm still thinking about my burger.  My 11 year old is an octopus snob (it's his favorite food)- he all but licked his plate clean.
But what made fall in love with them?  They turned to a G-rated movie on the tv.  Thank you friendly bartender:)  It's those little things that matter!
Don't let the classification of this place fool you, avid meat lovers, this is by no means a vegan restaurant.

I thought I ended up in the wrong place when I started reading the menu. You wouldn't think a place that sells boar, venison and rabbit and has trophy heads mounted on the walls would have legit vegetarian options. But they do!

I ordered fried green tomatoes as an appetizer - the breading on the tomatoes was a little too thick for me, but it was good nonetheless.
For dinner I split the seitan plate with a friend. The seitan was rubbery but I actually enjoyed the texture; it also came with taboule salad and hummus which were both very flavorful and went really well with the pieces of pita. Food gets a thumbs up!

Service was on point as well. Prices aren't too bad considering what you get. Also, there's a juke box downstairs and a pool table upstairs. What more do you need for a fun night out with friends? Recommended if you're looking for adventurous menu options!
Amazing beer selection paired with an extremely interesting food menu ON TOP of a great staff makes this place one of my favorites. I could seriously go every night. 

The Scotch Eggs are fabulous!
Updating my review from the first time I checked them out 5 months ago. Watkins is now my favorite bar in Philly, and we go reguarly. All of the food is always delicious all the time forever. Short but always perfect draft list. The best staff. Laid back, friendly.
$5 drafts all day. A menu that rotates and is fresh and amazing. Coming from a foodie, this neighborhood bar is a great go-to if you live in or are near south Philly. You can't ask for much more. 

OH-- GET THE SCOTCH EGG. It's their specialty.
I'd go with a 3 and a half for this place. I didn't get any food, but my friends did and they seemed to really enjoy it but I thought the menu was a little limited. a couple friends got the burger and they liked it a lot, they really enjoyed the brussel sprouts on it. I did steal some of their fries and they were pretty good, I think they were house cut and they were shoestring size. my other friend got the alpaca empanadas and he was pretty impressed, it was his first time eating alpaca. I've never had it either but it was the one thing on the menu I was thinkin of ordering. 

they had a decent beer selection, I think I went with a Lands Pale Ale, which was $4, a fair price in my opinion, it was $2 a bottle cheaper than the music venue I was at earlier in the night. The vibes were pretty cool, it was semi-divey, it wasn't dirty but it was worn in. They have an upstairs section where we hung out. There wasn't a bartender up there but a waitress kept coming up to serve us, and she was good, she was attentive and polite. there was also a pool table up there and a bar game station. 

I'm not from the area, but this place was just a couple blocks from my friend's place, and I would definitely come back if I'm in this area again.
Another excellent example of Philly's amazing neighborhood taverns. Great beer, great food, and a relaxed, unpretentious atmosphere. More than just burgers, this place has upscale fare without fanfare. The drink selection is great. Love that they offered some interesting beverages for those not drinking alcohol, too.
Perfectly good gastropub with interesting menu and reasonably good beer selection. Camel sausage, boar belly, and scotch egg - nice mix. Small, very local, cool decor.
Best bar. If you're going to splurge this is the place to do it. Sweet bartender. Delightful experience. My buddies loved it too. Especially the sweet bartender.
Went here for Happy Hour one evening. Twas a good time had by all. 
The menu is creative, and the service was immaculate! What a friendly staff! 
Their drink selection was immaculate as well!
It's extremely hard for me to write a review about a new place I absolutely love. I don't want to sound too excited and blow this place up to be something more. But I've decided everyone needs to try this place. 
As marketed as a wild game gastro pub I knew by the description alone that Watkins Drinkery is right up my food loving ally. 

To start with the place is totally unassuming on the outside and even when we sat down I still had no idea what I was in for( I still hadn't looked at a menu). Watkins Drinkery is small with only about 6, 4 person tables, a small sized bar and a few high top seats. There are deer heads and other objects abound making the inside look like an old hunting cabin. 

Even though I thoroughly enjoyed the quaintness of it all I still hadn't  seen a food menu. The waitress took a moment to come over to us but that was no matter my group of four were admiring the decorations and at the same time watching the NBA finals on their huge tv. 

When the waitress stopped by with the menu I was floored. Rarely do I see a menu where I want everything and as I flipped the menu over and see the delightful beer list. Most beers had been hand picked it seemed, also there were no repeats of the same type of beer and breweries extended all over the world. All of this with only having under 10 draft lines. 

At first I thought this place couldn't be as good as what it has seemed so far but I was completely ecstatic when the food arrived. 
Pulled rabbit sliders- great home made BBQ sauce and the Rabbit was so tender. The bun and house made cole slaw were both great additions. 
Grilled cheese of the day- served on house made challah bread with Chimay Brie cheese, with the sandwich soaked in beer while it was cooking. This was one of my favorites of the night. The Brie and beer made the sandwich a little bitter and the gooey savory Chimay Brie made this the best grilled cheese I've ever had the pleasure of eating. 
Wild Boar Mac and Chesse- the pasta was nothing special but the cheese which was served and the wild boar bacon made this dish unforgettable. 
Fish and chips- this is such a simple dish but at some bars for some reason can not get this right buy using terrible quality fish. This was not the case today, we were pleasantly surprised by the enormous price of breaded rainbow trout. This was also a huge winner. The beer battered breeding and the savory trout really put the nail in the proverbial coffin for me. 

The food was all perfectly prepared and the service was fast. It took moments for the waitress to bring us another round. The icing on the cake?? The bill. With 4 people each eating and drinking until capacity our final tab was a meir 84 dollars   w/o tip.
Any place that has a Darth Vader head mount trophy is a good place indeed. Sharp service, typical dive bar feel, half-off drafts until 7pm, and a nice server to boot.

This place has a solid food list (even though I didn't eat this time); my friend digs the mac and cheese and their daily specials seem vegetarian friendly.

If Yelp isn't confused by what age range comes here, that makes one of us. The customer base when I stopped in ranged from 20's to 50's.

$2.50 Founders Rye IPA is a dangerous deal to Dive into indeed.
Happy hour on Saturday!  Nice.  I took advantage of the excellent selection of half priced drafts between 5 and 7.  I also decided to try the alligator sausage sandwich since that is not an option every day.  (Alligator meat is pretty chewy, but yummy, just FYI) The sandwich was very tasty and the fries came with a nice mayonnaisey dipping sauce.  I felt that the food and beverage prices were more than reasonable.

Service was great!  The bar was very cozy and the employees seemed like they really enjoyed being there and made it a fun evening.  I will definitely be going back!
I live really close by this place and have been frequenting it for about a year now. The food is always good and I genuinely can't think of any complaints I have. The servers are quick but don't ever seemed rushed people. They're also polite and conversational. The bartenders are always super attentive and relaxed. I never wait for a drink. My ultimate suggestion to you is to ask the bartenders to make you something of their choosing. I typically specify a liquor preference and let them decide the rest. I've never received a drink I didn't like, either.

Cool place. Nice people. The Watkins Burger is insane and the fries are the bees knees.
I was hoping to be the first to review this place but now I see that a couple other @#$%s have gotten to it first.  And by "@#$%s" I mean "very nice people."

Watkins has one of the best beer selections in the area and the atmosphere is generally more inviting than the POPE, at least for a sit-down-and-eat sort of place.  Some improvements need to be made to the ambiance, specifically the decor (which is typified by a ton of wood paneling and unenterprising artwork) and the lighting (which is much too bright for a hip gastropub).  I felt a little as if I were sitting inside an Elks lodge where they just happened to serve interesting food and beer.  Of course I understand the place is brand new and they might have these sorts of changes in mind already.

I was very happy with both the Dock Street Rye IPA and Founders Curmudgeon Ale.  My sister ordered the Dogfish Pumkin, which another reviewer has mentioned.  The duck prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella sandwich was quite good although it didn't blow me out of the water.  I don't think I would have known the difference if it was just regular prosciutto and mozzarella instead.  Perhaps the duck was a bit fattier, but I digress....what I actually enjoyed more than the sandwich were the fries, which were of the thin and somewhat crispy variety, served with a delicious chipotle mayonnaise.  The guy who served us seemed like he might also be the owner but I can't be sure.  He was very nice, if a little overenthusiastic.

After eating all that I was still hungry, so I got my sister on board to split one of the more interesting sounding game appetizers: the alligator lollipops with mango coulis and blue cheese/buttermilk dressing.  And I must say this was truly awful.  Normally having something so terrible would compel me to dock the establishment a star, but in this case I can appreciate the effort on the part of the management to create something unique.  It is possible that they are going a bit too far with this, though.  Do they really need all these game and exotic meats, when there's already an infinite number of things you can do to put unique twists on more traditional fare?  Now I know why you don't see alligator meat on menus very often: it sucks.  Or maybe it was their fault, I don't know.  In any case I can tell you that it had an awful chewy texture, a strange taste that was like a combination of chicken, fish and frog's legs, and the mango coulis didn't help the taste at all.  In fact it highlighted its worst aspects.  The only saving grace of the dish was the buttermilk/blue cheese, which didn't help much in the end.  Also, it costs $10 for four tiny "lollipops," which could more accurately be called "skewers."  Changing the name of something doesn't help.  Please, Watkins, don't compromise the quality of your food in a quest to be daring.

I don't mean to rant about the alligator but I do want to impress upon anyone reading this review that they should really not bother ordering it.  There are enough other (presumably good) things on the menu which make it irrelevant.   Alligator aside, I have an optimistic view about the future of the place, and look forward to returning to sample other things, including desserts, which they don't have on their menu yet.  One of these promises to be a fried PBJ.  I don't remember the other....
The Drinkery has such a great menu listing and is it constantly changing just a little bit to keep it on the cutting edge of exotic fare along with the standards. Everything is so delicious and I especailly enjoy it when they have the Scotch Eggs available as the special.
Oh Watkins, I will miss you dearly:

Great staff, great vibes. Ever-changing beer list that I cannot say I ALWAYS agree with; however, there is usually something for everybody. Amazing happy hour. Seriously, sometimes i leave this place and I am flabbergasted I spent such little money. And your pool room - how I love thee. 

I will be back when I am in Philadelphia again. Keep it real Watkins.
The Scotch Eggs are back and better than ever, along with a great selection of beer and who does not love half priced happy hour draft beers.  

The bartenders (including John) are great and so friendly along with the rest of the staff there. I looking forward to when he is able to have outdoor seating.
Stopped in over the weekend to find the upstairs bar hasn't been opened.  We assumed we would either have to make trips downstairs to get drinks or deal with waiting a while for drinks. There was also a large group of us, all on separate checks- so we figured our tabs would be all jacked up at the end of the night. 

None of these events took place.  The waitress (is that not PC? is it "server" now?) told us it was no problem to bring us drinks (we felt bad about the stairs).  As far as the speed of the service- Picture Superwoman, covered in tattoos and equipped with a fantastic sarcastic wit.  I'm not sure how she managed to get our drinks so quickly (considering the number of people she was waiting on) but I was impressed.  I can only hoped I tipped her appropriately. The memory is a bit hazy from that night. 

I can't speak for the food.  But some people ordered fish and chips and they smelled nice. I'm curious to see how the dynamic of the upstairs changes when the bar opens. The pool table takes up most of the space and I wouldn't want to stand near the dart board while it's in use.  It might get tricky throwing sharp objects and hitting balls with a large stick if it gets too crowded.  But I'm looking forward to finding out!
Love it here. 

It's only gotten better as the years go by. The food has gotten far more consistent. While the menu is always a little off the deep end, I mean that as a compliment. Take a chance and you will be handsomely rewarded. Case in point: the Irish Cheesesteak (from the recently- discontinued winter menu) Wow, just an outstanding mishmash of tastes. 

And its the little things. I could go on about the awesome corned beef, the well prepared cabbage, but what about the mustard? Grainy, vinegary, intense. the perfect accompaniment for such a crazy concoction. 

Oh, and something else I never mentioned in my previous reviews: the happy hour is effing amazing. 5-7, 7 days a week- I repeat 7 days A WEEK- is outstanding. Half off drafts. You just dont see that around the city anymore. Oh, and the beers are always awesome. They keep a Vermont beer on tap, a German, usually a tripel, and a few out there selections. Like the food, you will be rewarded for being adventurous. 

Watkins just keeps getting better.
4 stars for this south philly gem, situated off Passyunk Ave.
Bartender was friendly and helpful.
Decent draft selection, $5 for drafts (1/2 during happy hour 5-7)
Pleasant crowd

Two thumbs up: Vegan Meatball Sandwich w/ cheese
Thumbs down: Boar sandwich was a bit dry

The had darts, pool, and extra seating upstairs.  The downside is there isn't a 2nd floor bar, but they do have table service.

Additionaly, Watkins had two reality tv shows playing during our visit, making it difficult to choose between watching Wipeout and Tosh.0 .

Great place to check out.
I visited a friend in South Philly for the first time since she moved there.  On my way, I noticed Watkins Drinkery which was right down the block from her apartment.  Whoa, where'd that come from?  It was a no-brainer that we would stop there first on the night.  

Noticed first were two big LCD TV's (future Eagles games here, yep).  Then a mere six taps plus beer engine.  And then the decor, lots of wood, which inherently matches the menu.  Items include different wild meats, such as alligator, ostrich, venison, boar, and buffalo.  With a list as such, one can conjure an experience at a log cabin in Dryfork, West Virginia.  The ample number of bearded and flanneled clientele adds to the experience, but if only for show.

Six taps +1 hand-pump is a bit small for a "drinkery", especially with Yuengling and Kenzinger occupying space at the same time.  We started with Venison nachos and for the most part was fine.  Trouble is, the facet that needs some work is the venison.  It's a very lean meat, served as pulled strands on top of the nachos, and was somewhat dry.  What might be needed is a heavier hand of reduced braising liquid for the venison to hang on to.  It'll need something to that effect, since deer meat does not contain enough fat that which makes pulled pork shoulder and beef brisket so juicy.

We didn't spend much time after the appetizer.  With half-priced drafts at happy hour and different animals to eat, I'll definitely revisit.
Excellent happy hour. The food is always on point - entrees aren't the biggest bang for your buck (smaller portions) but always delicious. Wish there was a bit more space for 3-4 person groups.
Pros: 
* Happy Hour 7 Days Per Week
* Nice waitstaff and bartenders (excluding the owner)
* TVs don't broadcast sports (unless you ask)
* Laidback, generally not too loud
* Great fries

Cons: 
* Owner chimes in on conversations with his unsolicited opinions, and pretty much just likes to talk about himself
* Menu items always sound great, but I've never actually loved anything that I ordered (except the fries)
* Draft beer list is limited, and often there's nothing on it that appeals to me

I really want to *LOVE* this place, and I get much closer to loving it when the owner isn't there. Unfortunately, I'm afraid this place is relegated to *like* status, which drops to *dislike* when the owner is around. To be honest, based on the personality of the owner alone, I've started avoiding Watkins and just going to other bars in the area (e.g., Fountain Porter; Devil's Den). 

If you're not put off by the owner, you'll probably find this a passable place to spend a low-key evening.
I've been thinking about Watkins for many months now - and I keep meaning to check it out. Boy am I glad that I finally did! Located on a small tiny block in South Philly, Watkins Drinkery is an amazing dive / local spot with a WONDERFUL ambiance.  The crowd seems to be pretty local.  I only had beer, but their drink list was great and the food smelled amazing. I can't wait to go back and try it! The food tends to lean towards gamier meats - but they also had a really veg friendly menu, which was super nice to see.  The beer list was fantastic by my standards, and really well priced.  Happy hour drafts are a good deal! It's a little dark inside, and honestly I see it as a great place to go during the winter time to sit back, be cozy, and drink myself into a hole.  I'm a big fan, and can't wait to be a more frequent visitor.
