It has been a bit since my previous review of White Yak.  I'll try to avoid repeating myself too much. While I have been back on several occasions since I wrote it, the key takeaway in this review is that my only regret is not having gone more often!

As I've covered many of the standards and highlights before, I'll use this review to serve more as my recommendations:

Start w/the Tsamthuk soup.  Get the Ting Mo and dip to your delight!

If you are there with friends, get the Momo Combo and share.  Steamed or fried comes down to preference. I love having a few options, however, if asked to choose just one style, I would actually recommend the veggie momo.  Please keep in mind I consider myself a meat-a-tarian!

Don't ask me about entrees because I'll just recommend them all.  Seriously, I have yet to find one I haven't loved.  The Tibetan Style Curry is great in all its forms and they even have a (currently) off menu veggie option that made me reconsider my opinion of tofu.  I'd say the Phaktsee is my favorite, then I'd remember the tastes of the Shatrak or the balance in the Beef Bok Choy and refer you to how I started the paragraph (don't ask me about entrees).

Be warned, the Beef Salad is spicy (imo).  Like numb the front of your mouth spicy.  It ended up pairing well with the Tsamthuk.

If you have room, it is worth treating yourself to the House Special Dessert. Just like all their other dishes, it is authentically made.

All this writing brings me to my final point, the folks at White Yak really take pride in everything they do. I'm thrilled to have them in my neighborhood and look forward to the return of dine-in eating to enjoy them more!
This was an amazing trip around the world! We have never been to Nepal/the Himalayas and never had the chance to try the cuisine before, and we've been eagerly awaiting the opening since seeing the sign in the window a year ago (mostly me, but DH is always up to try new cuisine).

We've been twice now and both times have been fantastic! We keep finding new favorites, but we would order anything again and will keep coming back until we've tried everything! Bonus - it's served family style so order a bunch and share it with your favorite people. It's also a really great value - we've gone home with leftovers both times!

Visit 1:
gyuma (Tibetan sausage)
Chilly Chicken - smells spicy but the flavor was perfectly balanced. Husband doesn't love spicy and said this was his favorite
Tibetan beef curry - a mild green curry

Visit 2:
Momo Khotrak - variety plate of dumplings
Pingsha
Phaktsee (husband's new favorite)
Chilly chicken (my favorite)

It is BYOB, so grab a bottle (or a six pack at the Foodery) and come in for a delicious meal in pleasant surroundings with friendly staff! You won't regret giving it a try!
Today was spent helping my grandparents. Their air conditioner conked out, they did not want to get a repairman in or buy a replacement, so I was off in the wilds of Roxborough, purchasing fans of various sizes for their home against my better judgement. Elderly folks can easily succumb to heat stroke, but who heeds my advice?

Listening to my grandfather bitch about my inability to repair their dead a.c. due to 'the poor schooling you kids get these days' did not add to the joy of this day. I won't say how long I have been out of school, but even if I was still in high school or college, I know of no body of higher learning (other than vocational school) that offers HVAC classes as part of the regular curriculum. 

My grandfather is bedridden and has been for some time. I knew that my Nan needed a break from him so I took her out for a bit to pick out fans. A kind neighbor helped us move him to his wheelchair and she took him into her air conditioned place for some home made cobbler, ice cream and a few icy cold g and ts that I knew he would indulge in on the down low while he could. 

I'd already read some of White Yak's reviews last night and since we'd been to Stanley's Hardware to price air movers and planned to go back again after Nan looked at more elsewhere, I asked her if she wanted to get a little wild and check out some Himalayan food. She said she did not want to be away too long because she just knew that Thaddeus (my grandfather) would be "sneaking the sauce with THAT woman," so we opted for a quick snack at White Yak along with a to go order as a break in our errands. 

White Yak is very clean and minimalist. We were greeted right away and told to sit where ever we wished and given a menu. I ordered the La-Ping for us to nibble while we decided on food to go. This is an appetizer and is described as 'chilled mung bean starch noodles served with garlic vinaigrette and spicy sauce.' The sweet, soft spoken waitress said it was spicy and asked if that was okay. Fine with us. 

She was not kidding. The chilled, thick, house cut broad noodles bathed in a semi-firey thin red sauce garnished with parsley or cilantro had us reaching for our water glasses but going back for more of the spicy, chubby noodle carby goodness. For $4.95, this is a generous sized app that can easily be shared by 4 people. We asked for the rest to go since the portion was way to much for just the 2 of us as a nibble. 

We placed our meal order, talked about the marital foibles of the neighbors and the insufferable heat, then in no time at all we received a nicely packed white paper carry bag-with a handle-and we were on our way. We ordered enough to share with the nice neighbor aka That Woman. 

Our 'main' was Phaktsee ($13.99) described as pork bacon stir fried with green garlic and cilantro. It comes with white rice. We also got an order of Tibetan chicken satay. 3 small skewers for $4.95. Pass on this. The chicken was very dry, there was no sauce or discernible seasoning. 

My now tipsy grandfather ate one satay (I slathered it with the plummy sauce) and a few spoonfuls of rice. He commented on how The Ridge was changing and asked why we did not bring him a hot dog with sauerkraut and a cold beer. 

Nan ordered the steamed Momo with vegetable filling and house spicy sauce. For $11, we got 8 dumplings-odd green dough holding a spinach and egg mixture that was earthy and vegetal. Next time, I'd opt for fried rather than steamed and I'd pick potato or chicken as the filling. These were just okay. Not bad just not special in any way. Two sauces came with the dumplings-a plum type sauce and a reddish orange, mildly spiced one. Neither really complimented the dumplings. The dumplings were not a big hit but they all disappeared. 

The ladies loved the Phaktsee and my Nan said next time she would go for a double order. I did not find it extraordinary but it was satisfying and comforting with bacony, porky goodness. Everything was made with very fresh ingredients. 

The neighbor lady went all swoony for the La-Ping and eventually went for a slice of white bread to mop up all the chili laden sauce left in the container. We finished up with her warm cobbler and vanilla ice cream, then got my grand situated back home in bed with fresh sheets, cool, clean pajamas and several fans circulating the air in his room.

I really liked White Yak. I don't feel like my Nan and I choose things that best show cased Himalayan cuisine but the proprietors were courteous, humble and helpful, the space had a nice, serene feel and it was very exciting to see a totally new kind of ethnic place on a stretch of Ridge Avenue that always makes me feel has been permanently frozen in the late 50s/very early 60s. I will certainly be back for more food from The Kingdom of the Sky. 

Please try this place. I think the other reviewers and myself really and earnestly want these folks to succeed.
Came here for some covid take out. Was pretty good.

Ordered the Ling Pi, which is a spicy cold mung bean noodle w/ dressing. Good, very similar to the Chinese style one.

The appetizer sausage was a rice and minced meat that's pan fried crispy. It was tasty. The spicy sauce that came was pretty spicy. I'd suggest it.

The momo combo pan fried... this wasn't that special to me. Tasted like a spring roll from a chinese american restaurant. I would skip this.

The pork and chives was good. i would get this. Tasty. 

Also some sauce and beef broth, I think for the momo, but the broth was tasty. A nice neutral flavor with a hint of coconut. New to me and i liked it.
Malaysian, Korean, traditional Sichuan, Mongolian, Burmese, Cambodian, Laotian, and then some; whenever an Asian cuisine has hit Philadelphia I thought I had tried at all. But then a restaurant like White Yak comes along and delivers something new but familiar, while also making you realize that you really like Tibetan food.

Since it was a new BYOB that was 2 blocks away from my girlfriends that also looked to offer up plenty of spicy goodness, it didn't take much to convince me to give it a try. But as I walked in I also came across a modern wooden interior with traditional masks and art on the walls, and instantly experienced some warm and inviting service from the people working.

I've alluded to earlier about the spicy goodness, and ultimately White Yak is the best spicy meal I've had that isn't Han Dynasty! I instantly realized that as soon as I tried the incredible chilled mung bean jelly noodles with that had the same potent chili oil goodness. Toss in a half plate of their Gyuma, home made Tibetan sausages with beef chunks, and it was the best set of starters that I've ever had. Later I savored an incredible selection of Tibetan dumplings (in beef, chicken, of vegetable), and discovered the salty but creamy wonder that is their delicious butter tea.

For mains one of the best things I've ever had is the Phaktsee, pork bacon stir fried with green garlic, cilantro, and chili oil. But I also found the Pingsha with beef, sweet potato noodles, baby potatoes, mushrooms, and bokchoy to be the perfect stew for a cold day. Other winners were their Shangri-la style fried eggplant, and their spicy beef salad. 

With it being byob, and it having shareable plates aplenty its perfect for groups. toss in good desserts like banana tempura, and you have an awesome meal experience.
I visited White Yak w/GM & JJ during their soft opening.  I've had Himalayan before, but hadn't seen any in Philadelphia.  Needless to say, I was excited hear not only is it in Philly, but a stone's throw away from my house!

Upon arrival, we were greeted by the owner.  Of course, we had to ask advice and recommendations and there were plenty.  We each started with the Butter Tea since that seemed fairly unique.  We also shared the sausage appetizer and each order an entree.

If you like butter, the butter tea is designed for you.  I'm glad I tried it, but probably will not be getting a second cup. As for the sausage, it was certainly a fair portion for the 3 of us to share and a dish I would recommend.  It was tasty in a way I can't quite describe and unlike other sausages I've had.  It also came pre-sliced, making it easy to grab a bite at a time.

I went with the Momo Khotrak - basically a momo sampler.  It comes with 2 beef, 2 chicken, 2 spinach, and 2 potato.  To my surprise, the potato may have been my favorite.  The beef and chicken would good as well, however, I wasn't a fan of the spinach.  Going fried (vs steamed) is the way to go (imho).  The house sauce that comes with them adds a little kick, but isn't too spicy.  Considering my late lunch and share of the sausage, this dish was enough to fill me up.

GM enjoyed her Lentil soup based on her not leaving a single drop.  You'll have to wait for JJ's review to judge the ThukNgo, but again the clear dish is probably a good sign. The beef curry dish is next on my to order list, as it came stacked with beef.

Rounding out the review, as you can judge from the 5-star rating, the rest of our experience was excellent.  Good service and a clean restaurant to pair with excellent food!
I am so glad that this Tibetan restaurant in Roxborough has finally opened its doors after rumored to being near opening for a couple of years.  This is Philly's first Tibetan restaurant bringing the delicious food of this Himalayan land to Northwest Philadelphia.  I have long had my go-to Tibetan restaurant in Vienna but now I can expand on that experience with some new offerings here.  A lot of the culinary hits from Tibet are on White Yak's menu but I went with a slightly lesser known Pingsha.  This beef and potato stew with glass noodles is served with rice so it's easy to ladle the Pingsha on top of the rice. Some Tibetan spicy sauce adds to the flavor combo.  This was a good intro to this eatery.  I'll def be back.
First time trying Tibetan food! As someone who's never had Tibetan/Himalayan food before, maybe my review isn't that trustworthy, but everything tasted fresh, no msg, and people were nice! 

Everything we tried had a taste of familiarity - Twice cooked pork reminded me of the kind you'd get at a Szechuan restaurant, noodles had a hint of pad Thai theme, beef sausage reminded me of Korean soondae, and their beef curry was pretty standard beef curry. Portions are on the smaller side, so definitely order some appetizers and momos! Overall a pleasant experience and a nice addition to Roxborough. 

Ok, but that butter tea, though. It was my first time trying it, but it just tasted like salty water with melted butter. Maybe it's just not for me, but I don't know how anyone would willingly drink something that salty. Out of our table of 4, we all tried a sip, and no one opted for more.
A delicious and ESSENTIAL addition to Northwest Philadelphia's restaurant scene.

White Yak is very, very good. Speaking as someone who has some familiarity with food culture of Tibet and its nearby culinary regions of Sichuan and Nepal, I am extremely excited about the arrival of this restaurant to our area. It fills a void, not only for being the sole representation of Tibetan/Himalayan food in the Philadelphia metropolitan region, but also for providing Northwestern Philly neighborhoods with a delicious option for distinctive South and East Asian flavors. For those of us living in Roxborough and East Falls (which sadly lack decent Indian and Chinese restaurants), White Yak should be heartily welcomed! 

I've eaten there a few times now, and last night we had a big table so we were able to order quite a few things to share. The menu is a very interesting mix of dishes popular and important in Tibet, along with several foods that reflect interactions with India/Nepal and Sichuan and Central China. Appetizers include a delicious homemade beef sausage and starch jelly noodles ("laping") that are popular from Sichuan all the way to Katmandu. Momos (Tibetan dumplings) feature prominently on the menu, as they are one of the most popular Tibetan celebratory foods. We particularly liked the fried momos and the pepper sauce. The other very uniquely Tibetan item we sampled was the daikon soup thickened with tsampa (toasted barley flour is a staple among nomadic families and is a very unique flavor). 

In addition to these we got several entrees to share, and they were all terrific. The Phaktsee (which was very similar to Sichuanese "double cooked pork") was extremely flavorful. The crispy fried fish was deliciously doused in a mild pepper sauce, the "Chilly chicken" reminded me of a much beloved dish famous from Indo-Chinese restaurants. The beef curry had a deep flavor, which I happily sopped up with Tingmo steamed bread.

The manager, Treley C. Parshingtsang, is a gracious host who is happy to talk about her food. She told us she studied in famous kitchens between China and India, and it really shows in the diversity of the menu selection. 

These are very fresh flavors for us in Roxborough (all of which are expertly prepared in house despite the misguided claim of one Google reviewer). It's also BYOB.
After being on my proverbial list of "must eats" for the past year, White Yak was my first meal of 2022, and it did not disappoint. The flavors, hospitality, and value was everything I wanted - and more!

Located in Roxborough, we were concerned about parking, but street spots were plentiful on this sleepy New Years Day, and I was thrilled that White Yak was open to ring in the new year in a tasty fashion. I called ahead, as they do take reservations, but was advised that reservations for two were not necessary this day. When we arrived, we were greeted to a table of curated take-out meals, and we had the whole place to ourselves for dine-in! Our server was mindful, efficient, and so so so kind. 

We started our lunch with butter tea - Paula Dean would be proud. It's exactly what it sounds like: smooth, warm, salty, buttery, and the perfect palate cleaners to neutralize the spices of our food. We also ordered the La Ping appetizer, a chilled jellied mung bean noodle with garlic vinaigrette and house spicy chili sauce. The combination of the two sauces was the best kind of sinus-clearing, lip-numbing, tongue-tingly flavor, which made for a wonderful addition to the main entrees. The jelly noodle is...well...gelatinous. The texture might not be for everyone, but I'm glad we tried it. 

For the main entrees, we chose Tibetan Beef Curry and MoThuk- a beef dumpling and vegetable soup. I would eat both again in a heartbeat. The beef was tender, and the curry sauce was a pleasant combination of earthy, herbal, and spice. The soup was ultimate comfort on a winter day, and the dumplings were incredibly satiating.

Under the watchful eye of the Dalai Lama, we devoured our meals and left with smiling faces and full tummies. I'm looking forward to my return, and I cannot wait to try more.
Excellent, fresh food. I live in Center City, so I never make my way up here, but the day was so beautiful I set a pin on this destination (recommended by a friend) and took a meandering drive. I got (take-out) the vegetable momos, mung bean and glass noodle salad, and the vegetarian beef shatrak. All were delicious, particularly the momos and the shatrak. Flavorful, not oily, and pretty filling. The salad alone could be a meal and is quite spicy (a plus for me, but buyer beware). Of course I ate the salad, some momos, and some of the shatrak in one sitting, and indeed sitting is about all I can do right now.

Note that you should always check your order. I discovered at home that there was no rice with my shatrak (but a small miso soup?); a quick call to the restaurant confirmed it was just overlooked. I didn't ask for a refund, but they later called back asking for my Venmo so they could credit me the money for the dish (I declined). Any restaurant going this extra mile, especially during these times, deserves continued patronage.

I so wish there were more Nepali options in Philly-- this might be the only one in the city-- but I'll absolutely take another ride here sometime.
Good and different food. Made with love and served with charm. Went a couple weeks ago for their soft opening and was quite pleased. 

Had the gyuma sausage which was nice. Reminded me of a boudin noir. Definitely elevated by the hot sauce served along side. Good stuff.

The chili chicken was also very good. A little heavy on bell peppers and light on the chicken...only complaint because the chicken was damn good. Might ask for extra spicy because i think it was toned down a little for American taste. Good dish though overall.

And we had the Pingsha.  Also very nice. Always a fan of clear sweet potato noodles so hard to go wrong. 

A side of ting mo was a nice compliment and good for soaking up the sauces. 

All in all, very fresh ingredients, super nice service, and made well...

Now looking at the official menu there are a number of additional items to what was offered during the soft opening and I'm looking forward to going back and sampling more.
White Yak absolutely blew my mind! I wasn't quite sure to expect with Tibetan food, but it was like a fusion of several Asian cuisines. We had the momo combo, beef curry, and thukngo. The momo were all delicious, but the beef ones were our favorite. I'm not kidding when I say that the beef curry was one of the best dishes I've eaten in a looong time! It was so savory and rich and flavorful (like the best beef stew you've ever had). My wife had the thukngo with chicken and also enjoyed that very much. It was similar to a pad thai. HIGHLY recommend trying this place and we will definitely be ordering again!
Delicious, fresh, and unique food!  We ate here for the first time (take out) and were ecstatic to have found a good Tibetan restaurant in our area.  The food was super rich in flavor, super fresh tasting and high quality.  We got the tofu Khatsa, Shoko Sisi, Vegetarian Beef Shatrak, Thenthuk, and beef shatrak.   It was all soooooo good!  

Also, I have Celiac Disease which means I can't have gluten so called to ask if they had any gluten free options (because it's not indicated on their online menu) and the woman on the phone was so nice and accommodating.  I had to call back to place my order and the gentleman who answered was also super nice and accommodating to the gluten free issue I have.  So refreshing to have a nice voice on the other end!  I am always reticent to call places and ask about gluten free dishes because I often don't get a warm response.  They were great about it.

Great food and great service!  We will definitely order from there again.
Since moving to Roxborough I have heard chatter of this place being legit, and I finally got to find out for myself yesterday at Roxtoberfest. 

The small family style operation is everything should be. Homey, comfortable, and delicious. This was my first time trying Tibetan cuisine and as usual I tried to get as much for my dollar as I could. 

We tried the beef plate with pork,chicken, and beef momo platter and everything was a hit (around $10-12 bucks on special I believe but could've been worth $15 easily) and the sha palay (beef Patties). Everything was 10/10 even the strawberry lemonade

Today we ordered it again for lunch and got the mutton curry and lentil soup ($22 or so for both). Both also very good! Recommend it all 

This is a neighborhood and staple and we will surely frequent it. 5 stars
Absolutely terrific. We did take out on Saturday night. Generous portions in each of the recyclable containers. Food was terrific. Especially, during the latter part of this winter. We appreciate some heat and spice.Pick up was smooth and safe. Will definitely continue to send business their way.
This is hands down my favorite restaurant in NW Philly.  Imagine the American idea of "comfort food", but viewed through the lens of a Central Asian food palate.  Definitely the sort of thing I crave in the colder months.  I literally have dreams of Beef Thenthuk soup with the hand-torn thick noodles, a cup of hot butter tea, and some veggie momo on the side.  It's no exaggeration to say how the Beef Thenthuk is one of the top 5 dishes in ANY restaurant in the city.  The pingsha sweet potato noodles are another standout choice.  (I'd skip the gyoza...they're yummy but kinda dry for my taste.)

Last time we branched out from our regulars and tried something new...the Phaktsee (a saucy, savory sautee of bacon and bok choy) and it was INCREDIBLE.  Also a big fan of the Tibetan Curry - we tried the mutton and it was SO delicious.  (Just remember, mutton comes with bones attached, so you gotta hunt for the tasty bits of meat.)  

I would be happier if their portions were a LITTLE bigger, but they're generous enough for it not to drop this from 5 stars to 4.  White Yak is THAT GOOD.  I'm hooked.
Tremendous meal with an attentive staff.  Cold weather is coming in and this food type works well when that dangerous half inch of slush coats Ridge Avenue.    Warm welcoming space.

Think about it: A Tibetan restaurant with good Buddhist vibes
In Roxborough.
On Ridge Avenue.
Across from the 7-11

What is the Universe trying to tell us?
This place is phenomenal. I've never had Tibetan food before, but I couldn't resist trying it after all the raves I've heard about White Yak. If you are on the fence, do yourself a favor and just go!! Your taste palate will thank you. 

We probably went overboard with momos (Tibetan dumpling things), but it was SO worth it. We ordered the Momo Combo with beef, chicken, and veggie momos. All of them were delicious, even the veggie one, and the dipping sauce is incredible! We also ordered the Firecracker Momos because they sounded delicious and we love spice. The sauce the Firecracker Momos were in was very flavorful and packed a good amount of heat. Tip - If you're sensitive to spicy foods, I would not order these.

We also ordered Chili Chicken, which came with white rice. That was also incredible. We ate everything in one sitting and we're very satisfied with our experience. All in all, everything was high quality and rich in taste. This will be one of our new favorite date night in places forsure!
Excited to find this unusual cuisine in Philly. Sort a mix of Indian and South Asian. Cozy, small, attractive, with efficient and friendly servers. BYOB. Reasonable prices. A little too noisy tho; could use some carpet to dim the noise. Get the momos! Steamed dumplings with chicken, veg or pork. Yum. 
Only take reservations for 6 or more, but we had no trouble getting seated.
Came here for take out last week during era of COVID19. Had been putting it off for many weeks but so happy we finally made it!

Ordering online was simple and they called once our order was ready. Reasonably sized menu with a variety of options but not overwhelming. Everyone told us to get the Momos so we did. And boy were we glad we did! Even held up well under takeout. Crispy on the outside. Very unique blend of spices on the inside. Chicken and beef were our favorites but the vegetable was still solid. Also came with beef broth (Wasn't sure what to do with it?) and another dipping sauce. 

Had the slow cooked goat and the sweet potato noodles for entrees. Goat was cooked well and had the bones in with a good amount of gravy to go with the rice they gave us. Sweet potato noodles were an interesting idea and also delicious! 

Nice people. Good system for food pickup without too much contact. Restaurant looks nice for whenever they're able to open up. 

Delicious food that is different than other food you get at Chinese or Indian restaurants. Definitely worth a try!
This place was really cool! There is street parking available around the area, and the restaurant wasn't too crowded when we went. We ordered a few different dishes to split, and almost everything we ordered was great. This was only my second time having Tibetan food, and it did not disappoint. The Momos were my favorite. I would definitely come back here again if I am in the area.
This place is amazing!! First time having Tibetan food but it truly exceeded my expectations -- every dish we had was great. We got the mixed steamed momo (3ea of veggie, chicken, beef dumplings) which came with a beef broth. Both were fantastic - they had distinct flavors and the seasoning was done so well!! The broth tasted almost like pho soup. 

The chicken shatrak was closer to Chinese flavoring but still unique, a good mix of veggies and meat. The beef curry was a bit salty but still had so much flavor! My only complaint is that I wish I had a bit more rice for the curry, but I was so happy with the meal!

The restaurant was pretty empty during a weekday lunch and we were able to get street parking pretty much right outside!
The bright spot of a covid year.  The vegetarian dishes here are incredible. I'm a big meat eater, but if you order from here and don't get the eggplant, YOU FAILED! I'm always a bit confused by the beef broth that seems to come with everything.  Hopefully eating in restaurants will become a thing again, so I can ask.
Very hidden - and worth the search!  The charming owner-chefs were unfortunately forced to take down the sign outside the restaurant when the City of Philadelphia didn't get the correct permits...  So in the meantime you'll have to look closely to find White Yak.  

When you do, there are many interesting, authentic dishes to try.  I had the soup with roasted barley flour thickener.  Comfort food at its best.  The beef bone broth that accompanied my companion's momo was excellent, homemade and nourishing.  Everything else we tried was great.

There is that intangible spark to the food and atmosphere that makes this simple place special, and deserving of recognition.  I, and all the other reviewers here it seems, want to see this restaurant take off.
All the food was delicious and varied. Dumplings were great and not fatty. The curried chicken was especially good. Great new cuisine!
Everything was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. The thenthuk (particularly the noodles) and vegetable momo were superb. I highly recommend ordering a mix of spinach and potato. I can't wait to come back and explore more of this delicious menu. Very excited to welcome White Yak to the neighborhood!
Delicious and authentic tasting Tibetan cuisine. We ordered it to-go however their shop's interior was very nice, wooden and warm- I wouldn't mind eating there next time. The prices were a little high- we payed $30 for 2 dishes total, but the flavors were there. 

We went with the Phaktsee  (pork and scallions) and the Chicken ThukNgo (similar to a Pad Thai). Highly recommend both. The Phaktsee's pork had a subtle sweet Smokey flavor to it which we loved and this was probably the more unique dish of the two. 

Note: their restaurant doesn't have their name on it yet. But above their door are some colorful Tibetan Prayer flags which do help identify their establishment.
What a hidden gem in Roxborough!

I was looking for something different to try nearby and I certainly found it at White Yak. Having never eaten Tibetan food, I was excited to see what it was all about. I can honestly say I have never had a dining experience like it! 

We started with beef steamed dumplings- they were cooked perfectly and came with a spicy mustard (I think) for dipping. But the real treats were the main courses. I ordered chili chicken, a curry dish that was more tangy than spicy. The chicken melted in my mouth. Fabulous! My companion had the beef bok choy which was equally delicious. We regretted not ordering any noodles as a few people around us had them and they looked phenomenal. 

White Yak is a BYOB so it makes for an affordable meal. The service was a bit slow but to be fair, they just opened not too long ago. And the staff were kind enough to offer us a free dessert, tsampa cake. It's not something I would have ordered but I'm glad they brought it as it was delightful. Not too sweet!

Overall, this is a charming spot. It's unpretentious, delicious food served by courteous and professional staff. We will be back!
Their vegetarians dumplings(momo) were the best ones I've had yet. If you're a vegan or a vegetarian, this place will be one of your best friends!
Found this place randomly. Was excited to try Tibetan food and I am really glad I did.  We decided to order a bunch of different items and share to sample the menu.  Everything was delicious, the food was ready on time and I loved their COVID safe system to pick up the orders.  Will definitely be ordering from there again.
I ordered the Beef Shatrak and Fried Momos combo. 

I'd say skip the veggie Momos, the texture is a bit mushy and the flavor is not quite savoury. 

The rest of the meal was very good. The momos, as many have mentioned, do have a crispy exterior with a soft bite. And the meat fillings were good. Not blow-me-out-of-the-water flavor. But very good. 

The Beef Shatrak was like a pepper steak dish at a typical chinese takeout place, but maybe 20% more complex and upscale. Most of the beef pieces were tender, though a few were tough. The sauce was savory. 

Ultimately this is a tasty place to try some food that's maybe 15% different than what you've had before. But this PR obsession with them being "Tibetan", while I respect the cultural distinction, is overblown from a culinary standpoint in this case. And I have a feeling a lot of people eat here just to feel like they're "trying something different."
We recently ordered from the White Yak, and everything was delicious.  We ordered the beef with bok choy, beef with garlic chives, and the chicken satay. 

Both beef dishes were fantastic, we couldn't choose a favorite between them. The beef was tender and the vegetables were cooked perfectly. The chicken satay was also very good, but it seemed like there wasn't a lot of Chicken. It comes with three skewers, so just know that when ordering for a group. 

Overall we loved everything and will be coming back. Right now they aren't taking walk-in customers, you need to order online or call in your order.
I'd heard about this place and wanted to check it out for some time, as it always sounded interesting.  The only thing I wasn't sure about was whether or not it was OK for gluten-free eaters, but a Yelp review a few months back addressed that beautifully!  I called to ask about gluten-free options, and they were great about pointing out what was OK and what should be avoided, and also mentioned that they can use gluten-free soy sauce at request.

We ordered a number of dishes that sounded good for take-out, including the whole fish and the pork belly dish.  I really liked those two dishes, and also enjoyed the others, but the beef was a bit on the tough side, especially in the Pingsha noodle dish.  The sauces were all tasty and nicely seasoned.  In many ways, the food was reminiscent of Chinese food with some subtle differences in flavors.

I also ordered the butter tea, which I'd read about in books and such (I believe it was the inspiration for Bulletproof Coffee).  While I get that it's a strange taste, I did enjoy it!

Overall, I enjoyed the food and would probably try something else there in the future!
Great addition to Roxborough. The food was delicious - ordered the beef momo, beef thenthuk soup, and curry chicken. I'm still thinking about how good the momo was! The prices were fair, and staff was very friendly. The restaurant was full at 6pm on a Tuesday, but my partner and I were attended to and the food came out very quickly. 

Also in response to some previous comments about entrees coming out before 'appetizers' - in our experience, it's common in authentic Asian restaurants for the food to come out fresh, as ready, and for dishes to be shared family-style. It seems like more of a Westernized-priority for dishes to come out in a specific order. I certainly wouldn't hold custom against this restaurant!

Can't wait to come back to try more of the menu.
We visited tonight during the soft open, we arrived at 8:50pm and they were very welcoming to us! They are doing 15% off of the bill during their soft opening weeks. The beef steamed dumplings were awesome, very filling and flavorful. For the two of us, 8 dumplings really filled us up. My boyfriend had the Pingha and really enjoyed it. I had the ThukNgo and it was similar to pad Thai but with a bit of a different flavor. Great portion sizes & friendly and quick service.
White Yak was a delight. Great service, great food, great ambiance. As vegans I was shocked to hear that all veggie items on the menu are vegan, and the one that isn't can be made vegan. We had more than enough options! Started with the La-ping spicy noodle appetizer, followed by the vegan Momo platter. The Momo felt like Chinese dumplings stuffed with Indian flavors. Next time I'd skip the sampler and go for the spicier options. Next we shared the Veg Beef Shatrak and book Choy which were my favorite bites of the meal. Definitely will be back!
We decided to try White Yak after reading about it in an Eater post.  We were in Center City visiting our son in Philly. It actually took us 30 minutes to get there but honestly it was worth it. It was such a charming, clean place with incredibly attentive and responsive staff.  We had a delicious meal and we thought the portion sizes were perfect.  Also, there were plenty of options for my vegetarian husband. We got the combination momos which had 3 chicken, 3 beef and 3 vegetarian Tibetan dumplings with a delicious dipping sauce. My husband then had the vegetable chili chicken, which was a soy chicken substitute with peppers and a side of rice. My son had phaktsee which was pork bacon with garlic and cilantro. The pork bacon was so good! I had the Thukngo with beef and it was super flavorful and so delicious. If I lived nearby, I would be a regular for sure! Great neighborhood restaurant!
We went here a few weeks back because it was receiving a lot of hype. It was OK, nothing really special IMO. We had the beef curry and the bacon dish (which I can't recall the name of). The bacon was like waaaay too much bacon. The beef curry OK, but a little tough. Both meals were low in the temperature scale, like they had been sitting out for a while. 

The seating needs to be revamped. The place had mostly 4 tops, occupied by pairs. There is no hostess at the front door, so it's a little weird when you walk in, and need to go to the back takeout counter. 

All that being said, we will definitely be back for another try. This place has potential, and they can only get better.
Best thing to happen to Manayunk is White Yak!!!! Can't wait til indoor dining resumes. For the love of momos, do yourself a favor and eat some Nepalese food. GREAT vegan/vegetarian options!!
Definitely Give this place a try, I'll be a regular going forward. Best dumplings and chicken satay I've had in a very long time so I'm super excited about that. I got the beef Shatrak as my entree and I can't put it down...I want to...because I'm super full...but I can't. So just be warned you after going to be very full with that. It's delicious. It's taken me about 15 minutes just to write this review because I keep picking it up. Anyways I also got the noodle salad I've never tasted anything like it, so if your an adventurous eater I'd definitely give that a try.  The chicken satay is smaller portioned but in my opinion definitely worth it.
Everything was very fresh and good. The servers were awesome and explained the menu well. The only thing that was annoying was the constant noise and interruptions of the mobile food delivery folks.
We've been looking for a high-quality take out spot since moving here from LA and were so excited to find White Yak -  just sad we hadn't come across it earlier! We had a chicken curry, beef shatrak, eggplant dish, and bok choy. Our favorite was the curry, followed by the eggplant, but each dish was delicately flavored and unique. And the food all settled well, which we find is often not the case with takeout. My 7 year old devoured every dish and claimed the leftovers for lunch. We'll be regulars!
We didn't know we needed Tibetan food until White Yak cooked for us. EVERYTHING on the menu is well-prepared and delicious. We always order the gyuma, a spicy sausage appetizer that comes with a couple of dipping sauces. My daughter, the pickiest of eaters, adores the chicken momo (dumplings). The shatrak and pinsha are outstanding and are our favorites. The phaktsee, sauteed spicy pork bacon, sounded delicious, and although it was beautifully prepared, I may not order this again. It was a bit too salty and the thick bacon was chewy. Many vegetarian options are available, of course, and we're ready to try more of those now.
We got takeout from White Yak and it was outstanding.

The takeout order was on time via DoorDash pick-up and the food was packaged well with great care.

We had various types of momo as well as beef and chicken curry, fried rice, and chicken on a stick and everything was well priced and delicious.

The interior of the restaurant was very clean and welcoming as was the outdoor exterior of the restaurant in Roxborough.

Will certainly hope to reurn!
Great genuine Tibetan food and attentive service even on a very busy night. Get the momo!
White yak experience has been the best I've had in a long time. We ordered few dishes to share because I wanted to try little bit of everything. Lentil soup, momo combo, Tibetan sausage, shatrak and steamed buns. Every dish was made with care and contained unique flavors and spices. It was out of the world. Not everyday you find a restaurant where  they make a homemade style kind of food. 
The place is very clean, the staff were super nice and helpful, it was one of the first things I noticed. White yak in general is very cozy and it's my new favorite restaurant in the area. I could not recommend this place enough. Do yourself a favor and go to white yak.
The food was fantastic in flavor but very small portions. We had the Chili Chicken and Sliced Beef- both we're overpowered by a ton a peppers and onions but hardly any protein. The chicken satay was delicious too. Next time, we will order an extra entree to make sure we get enough food since there were a lot of fillers for the price we paid.
Great food- the dumplings are lovely and the eggplant is the best thing on the menu. As a vegetarian, I can't speak for the meat dishes, but I would order two eggplants and get one of anything else.
Momo Khotrak (pan fried dumplings), ThukNgo (stir fried vermicelli noodles in a sweet and sour sauce),  and the Chili Chicken and Pingsha entrees made for an excellent first Tibetan food experience! Such a clean and welcoming environment! Such a flavorful menu! Glad to have this unique option in Roxborough!
Everything is good, but I'm still dreaming about the dumplings! I think we tried them all. My favorite was the veggie.
This place is treasure. Delicious food and great service. I highly recommend the Thentok Soup, a beef, spinach, and hand drawn noodle flavorful dish! Do not miss out on ordering the tempura banana dessert. You can thank me later!:)
I ordered for delivery a couple of times here, and the food was yummy. I especially liked the pork ribs, small portion for the price but excellent flavor. Also really good were the noodle salad, Gyuma sausage and Tibetan beef satay, they come with a lovely hot sauce that is just the right spice level. It would be great if they also had sukuti, a sort of Himalayan version of beef jerky that I'd seen in some New York City restaurants. I definitely hope to visit in person one day soon.
If you want authentic Tibetan cuisine, this is the place. This is the only Tibetan restaurant in Philly area as far I know. I really like  decoration and setting of the restaurant. It has the sense of warmth and welcoming. Foods are great, especially Tibetan Gurma (Tibetan sausage), la-phing and of course Momo..
AMAZING FOOD!!! I am so glad to have found this incredible restaurant. Everything I ordered was delicious. I will be going back A LOT! Go, you won't be disappointed!
This place is phenomenal and I am so happy that we have Tibetan cuisine in Philadelphia now. I tried a few cultural staples such as the Gyuma(seriously phenomenal homemade Tibetan Sausage), the Tsamthuk(comforting Barley Soup), Pingsha(sweet potato noodles in a flavorful broth with beef and veggies), delicious vegetarian cauliflower and zucchini, the momo sampler(seriously so delicious), and their unique Barley dessert known as Tsampa Cake(don't skip this.) All and all the food is super flavorful and customer service is wonderful. Definitely can't wait to go back. Let's continue to support local small businesses.
Momos always draw my attention, and I have always loved Tibetian food, and they serve authentic Tebetian food. Often restaurants try to alter the menu and flavors to fit the wider crowd's palette, but they didn't alter anything. The menu itself is small but they have some real Tibetian food here. I started with Laphing, it's deliciously spicy, I even saved some spicy sauce from the Laphing for my momos. Me and my friend had steamed chicken  momos and Chichen Tenthuk. Momos were really good, the dough had a different taste than Nepalese momos but definitely felt like they were fresh, so yumm!! Tenthuk was delicious, had good hearty portion, the good balance of chicken and noodles with some green veggies, definitely makes a good comfort food for a cold day! 

I will definitely recommend this place if you are I. philly!!
What a welcome addition to the Philadelphia food scene! We thoroughly enjoyed every dish that we tried- special shout-out to the steamed chicken momos and the chilli chicken. All the food is flavorful and delicious. They are BYOB.

The staff were lovely and very accommodating of our large group. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful with great attention to the details.
I wanted to like this place, but I was left disappointed. The momos were decent. It's basically your typical dumplings with thicker skin. The pepper sauce that came with it was good. However, the beef filling was a bit dry and tough. The chicken was the best out of the combo. The fried ribs needed more salt. The dried tofu dish was also very bland. The whole branzino was fried well and the sauce was decent, but again needed more seasoning or something more punchy. It definitely doesn't Satisfy someone who is used to more bold Asian flavors.
Got takeout from White Yak, and the food was delicious! Great flavors, fresh ingredients. Tastes homemade. We got the chili chicken and the momo sampler. Will be back for more!
I'm excited that White Yak had finally opened after waiting with much anticipation over the past year. The food is delicious and I'm looking forward to trying their other dishes in the near future.

I've been looking for good Tibetan good ever since I returned from living in Amdo. The restaurant really reminded me Tibet and made me miss being there.
Delicious Tibetan food. The momo was incredible and I also really enjoyed the chicken curry. Ask for the Tibetan house sauce if you like your food extra spicy which we do! The ambiance isn't anything to write home about nor is the service but the food definitely makes up for it!
Great home style food! Everything including noodles, sausage, dumplings seems to be made from scratch. Taste and service is good as well.
Delicious food and great service! We had their Momo Combo and Phaktsee  They also have a good system to pick up your food during the pandemic. Can't wait to try it again.
Love love love. Food is so good, beef momos are delicious, staff is super friendly. Our new favorite in the neighborhood.
While I do t have a reference point of what good Tibetan  food tastes like, I am confident white yak would fare well. Dumplings , noodle salad, beef patties, and beef is always delicious. They are fast and friendly!!!! Top 3 places to eat in Manayunk/Roxborough
Always go twice before the review!

This place was great both times. I will continue to explore the menu, and can't imagine anything won't be spectacular. The staff is very pleasant, the food delicious. Although maybe tough for the area, they should definitely make it as long as people are a bit adventurous.

I've had both the chilli chicken and phaktsee, both excellent and good sized portions.

Also will put them on my takeout list, as I can see over ordering and being pleasantly surprised with a breakfast the next morning...
Great little byob in roxborough. Food is unlike any other I've had. Not very often you find a Tibetan restaurant. New hidden gem in Philly. Would highly recommend! Oh, and it's BYOB!
First time having Tibetan food, we had the Momo, ThukNgo, and the ribs. It was incredibly tasty, and the service was excellent. We'll definitely be back!
Really great food and service! We came for lunch around 2pm and had the chicken momo and the momo Khotrak. The dumplings were very nicely filled with good quality meat and vegetables. The Khotrak is served fried and they came out delicately browned on one side - perfectly done. The steamed momo was nicely firm, not watery or doughy.  I tried the buttered tea since I've never had it before, and it was delicious!  The server described the difference between how they prepare it here versus Tibet. Apparently here it is with a lighter butter with red tea. I thought it was delicious. We'll be back for dinner and to try dessert!
One of my favorite restaurants in philly now. 

First let's talk about price, it was sixty some dollars to feed 3 people. We got 2 sets of Momos, la ping, ting mo, two soups and a tofu stir fry. It was a good amount of food and I think 20$ a head is exactly where casual dining lands. 

Second of all, the flavors are powerful without being overwhelming. I'm used to getting my butt whooped by spicy sauces but the la ping brought flavor without extreme heat. The stir fry was not overly greasy like other restaurants but delicately stir fry. The Momos were tasty with a thicker skin and was fresh. The soups were savory  and tasty. There was a good balance of texture and flavor. 

Note that I didn't really try many of the red meat dishes. 

I can't wait to go back.
Been meaning to try this place for sometime. But was putting it off since we are located a drive away from it. Luckily we were in the area and finally decided to go for it. I tried using the order take out through Yelp, but there were several glitches, first I wasn't able to complete the order as I was getting an error multiple times. So my SO decided to call and place the order. We ordered chicken satay, beef fried rice, Momo firecracker, chicken momos, assorted momos and the chowmein. 
As soon as we pulled up next to the restaurant, I got a text message saying my take out order was ready ( the order that was never processed) and sure enough the restaurant had 2 orders ready for us. 
That's a lot of food for 2 people, anyway we were able to get a full refund via Grubhub, but were still stuck with a weeks worth of food. Luckily it was delicious. The steamed momos and the pan fried momos were the highlight. Satay was a miss, not too meaty. The beef fried was a 3/5, nothing a little chilli oil won't fix. 
We did freeze half the food and will be eating it in the next week or so. 
It's definitely worth a visit.
We visited the white yak last night for the first time, and I will absolutely be coming back - the spiced pork ribs were particularly delicious, even the day after for lunch. My partner got the chili chicken and that, too, was delicious. The house desert was 100% worth getting, the barley cake was very tasty. There were so many items on the menu that I wanted to try, it's going to take at LEAST another 3 visits to try them all. 

P.S. Get the passionfruit lemonade, it's so good!
what a wonderful experience!  Never had Tibetan food before and just WOW!  this knocked it out of the park.  My only regret, we didn't have more people with us so we could order more food.  Our server was so knowledgeable regarding and just as sweet too.  Great place to go with a group!  And, it is BYOB!
The food here is INCREDIBLE. While the style is unique, it is still incredibly accessible to folks who like all kinds of different things. They take their COVID precautions very seriously, and it shows that they truly care about the health and well-being of their customers. The food is always hot, fresh, and is ready in a reasonable amount of time. Some must-haves include: Gha, Thenthuk, and the veggie Momos!
I absolutely love White Yak. The food here is amazing. The dumplings may be the best I have ever had. Food is both authentic and delicious. Great for a casual Wednesday night or to bring a bottle of wine on the weekend. Reasonably priced and servers are so sweet as well. Highly recommend.
I had high hopes and white yak exceeded them! 
We got the beef salad and the hand pulled beef noodle soup- both excellent! Only downsides are the corkage fee and location is a bit out there for me. Worth it though and will definitely be back!!
I have ordered a couple of times from here and I appreciate their adherence to safety rules as well as love for costumers. I've tried several dishes and I recommend them all! I will definitely be ordering from here again.
Me and my wife shared Momo khotrak and phaktsee. Both were very tasty.

Banana tempura for dessert was delicious.
Everything we tried was delicious! The waitress suggested a few items, and we picked them all. Great service and food!
Probably the best restaurant in the Manayunk/Roxborough, but honestly for anyone who's had actual good food before Manayunk restaurants are overrated and over priced.  I'd sooner drive to center city or South Philly for decent food. This place is a diamond in the rough.
WOW. This is such a delicious and unique food experience. I decided to come on a whim as it is close to where I live and I was not disappointed. The food is extremely savory and there are so many options to choose from. You won't find food like this anywhere else. I'll definitely be dining here again!
I'm sorry to say this but we were not amazed.

We've been to several Tibetan and Nepali restaurants in major cities in China, in every case run by natives of those two places, and every one of them was better than this.

The food we ordered wasn't bad, but it didn't come near the depth of flavor that we've seen from other places serving food from the Himalayas.

Maybe we'll give it a try sometime again to see if they were just off their stride, given the other reviews, but it just didn't wow me this time around. Everything felt... under-seasoned, I guess.
Ordered for the first time and loved it. We got a variety of dishes to share. The Shatrak and Curry were our favorites. We'll definitely order from here again.
I used to always get the chili chicken until I decided to try the Thentuk - it's under the "noodles" part of the menu but it's actually like the best soup you've ever had in your life. It's also a huge portion and very filling. We eat it at least once a week!
Got takeout the other day. Great customer service. The curried beef was amazing! Enjoyed the dumplings, they let me do a mixed order so I could try more than one flavor. Going back again this week!
Yummy food! Very nice place.
Firecracker momos we're very good.
Chilly chicken was nice. 

Service was excellent. 

I tried the Tibetan Salted Butter Tea but did not like it, not my taste.
Very good! My first time at a Himalayan/Tibetan restaurant. Good flavor, not overpowering. I had the beef curry over rice which was good and we shared an order of dumplings which were also very good! The staff was friendly and dinner for two ended up below $50 with tip included. Would go back again.
The first time I came to this restaurant was a little over six months ago, and I've come back at least ten times since. The staff is welcoming and they truly care about their customers. My favorite dishes are the Shatrak, Chili Chicken, and Momo, but everything on the menu is delicious, fresh, and perfectly spiced. I love watching this place grow in popularity and succeed. It has undoubtedly become my favorite restaurant. 11/10
I'm hooked! The veggie momo trio was fantastic. I also have gotten their chicken fried rice and their lentil soup, both are excellent.
Fantastic dumplings- we selected the trio and fried. The dough is thick and tender. 

Curry was great too!
This place is a treasure. Don't miss the opportunity. 

The food is always superb, and if you enjoy spicy they will do you right. Tibetan food is basically a delicious combination of onions, garlic, ginger and spices along with a protein. The momo can best be described as somewhat similar to a dumpling, but usually with a sauce.
Ordered take out Thursday night and wanted to try Tibetan food for a change (we've been ordering from the same places over and over again during the quarantine) and White Yak did not disappoint! 

Momo dumplings were fantastic and beef and fried rice were perfect. The flavors were fantastic and the meals ate very clean and had the right finish. Great place to stop by if you're in town and looking for something new!
All the food was delicious and varied. Dumplings were great and not fatty. The curried chicken was especially good. Great new cuisine. 

Went a second time and enjoyed  it again. The lentil soup was especially good. The service is friendly and gracious.
Great food, great service, and clean. Went during soft opening and was impressed with different offerings. Had the sausage app and the noodles with chicken (can't remember the name). Sausage comes already cut in bite size pieces. Noodles was like a pad Thai noodle with chicken and sprouts. Was crowded so might want to go online for reservation. BYOB. Many choices so good to bring the kids
We came to dine pre-covid this January. We had never had tried Himalayan/Nepalese food before, but we love trying new things so we figured White Yak would be a good fit. I decided to order noodles because I wanted a more substantial meal whereas my friend got the beef curry. The flavor of the noodles were ok, I think was turned off by the mushy texture of the sauce. The curry was very lightly seasoned i think to let the natural flavor of each respective ingredient shine through.  Overall, I'm grateful I got to try a new cuisine and that I got a chance to meet the friendly/attentive staff. While it may have not been to my liking, I can see why others are loyal, even die-hard customers.
First, I love the fact it is so easy to order online and pick up later. A little expensive but very good food! The momo is so good you taste every flavor with every bite!
I've been waiting for this place to open for nearly a year, and I'm so glad it's finally here! The food is everything I'd hoped for--LOVE the Phaktsee especially--and I can't wait to try more dishes here. 

That said, I can't quite give this place five or even four stars yet, because they really need to get themselves together first. They don't even have a sign out front, which made it hard to find. The first time we tried to eat there, it was a zoo: the counter for ordering and pickup is at the back of the restaurant, and there was no host at the front to seat guests coming in, so anyone who wanted to sit in was milling about in confusion. 

We walked to the back of the restaurant to ask about wait times for seating. There were two empty tables, but we were told it was a half-hour wait. All the tables are large, four+ person tables, and nearly all were occupied by just two people. They would be able to double their capacity by having smaller tables that can be pushed together or split apart to suit different size parties. It was frustrating to see so many empty seats and be told we could not be seated. A man behind me also arrived saying he had booked a reservation on Open Table, and he was told that they weren't able to accommodate his family either. 

Since then, we've limited ourselves to take out since it doesn't seem like there's much chance of getting a table. Unfortunately, some days it is impossible to get through on the phone. We either get busy signals or a voicemail box which has not been set up. And as far as I can tell, they do not have any online ordering system. So until they get their in-house and take-out ordering systems better organized, they will not be getting as much business from us as we would like to give them. Disappointing as I would gladly eat there more often if they made it possible.
Delicious!  Had the traditional tsamthuk- perfect for a cold day- barley based soup- and followed with the best simple garlic bok choy.  A simple menu - with every dish letting the freshness of their ingredients shine.  Will be back again.  And again.  And again......
This was a great find, appeared to have recently had a grand open spotless, beautiful decor and very pleasant greeters and servers. The traditional soup was different that I found comforting, the main dish was with white rice and  I was only wanting more it was a traditional dish also. I would  try the completely menu. I can see anyone being disappointed.
