i took mushrooms before coming here and that was a very bad idea.

the french toast was insane and looked like fried chicken but was very very very sweet and the disconnect between sight and taste made my head spin.

the decor was bananas. dogs everywhere. looked like a movie set country club. but it was dark and air conditioned so it didn't make me feel too weirdsies.

the clientele was mostly very terrible. the man behind me was huge and had a voice like james coburn. he and his mom, whose voice sounded exactly like george costanza's mom, were having a terrible conversation and it was making me anxious and sad.  "why do people who flip burgers need health insurance?" were the first words i heard him say.

the waiter was nice but i kept having the thought that he was working there to get credit for a class.

it was expensive and i just wanted to be outside.


look, all i'm saying is: don't go here while you're out of your mind on mushrooms.

FIN
White Dog Cafe is an awesome spot for Sunday Brunch.  It was bustling and very busy, but the staff and waiters were very attentive.  The waitress told us that White Dog was the first farm to table restaurant on the East Coast.  Therefore, all the ingredients are local and fresh.

We ordered a couple of omelets (the Kenneth Square and Lancaster County Three Egg Omelet).  Both were accompanied by home fries (essentially diced potatoes).  They were good omelets and stuffed with fillings.  I substituted carmelized onions for the bacon in the Lancaster and it was really great along with the roasted tomatoes, spinach and goat cheese.

The decor is rather cool with painting and other sculptures paying homage to dogs.
I'm sorry to everyone that loves this place in advance for the one star.  My experience here was at the end of Oct. 2007 so maybe things have changed....I'm a nice person...I really am and it would take a lot for me to give a place 1 star, but here's my two cents.

This place looks cute, has a friendly atmosphere, and I was totally digging the organic take on the food.  

BUT here's when organic/environmentally friendly crosses the line for me....

I was enjoying a nice overpriced dinner with a guest.  We thought for the price the food is just okay, we've had much better elsewhere.  I had salmon and he had a fillet.  We were seated downstairs, and towards the end of our dinner I see IT.  What is IT you ask?  

A HUGE cockroach the size of half my hand crawling up and down the wall above my friends head!  HOLY CRAP I told him to get up because it was crawling towards him.  The two of us stood up away from our table and just stared at it not knowing what to do.  We called the waitress over and told her dude you have a fat ass cockroach crawling on your wall.  By then the cockroach had walked up the wall into the shelf where they stored all the glass cups.  So it was in there mingling with all your cups.  The cups are also placed upside down so I'm sure it touched all the rims.  She apologizes to us and that's it...nothing...we didn't get our dinner comp-ed...we didn't get a discount...and the kicker...

NO ONE WASHED THE CUPS where the cockroach walked all over...

What are they trying to do?  Conserve water?!  I think in this case it would've been okay to not save the earth for the sake of sanitation.
What. A.Joke.  

This place gets comically worse each time. 

For starters, apparently I had a broken water glass. So when I sat down and The waiter poured water, it spilled everywhere and got on my jacket, shoes, etc... but that was an accident. It got cleaned up, it's just water. 

The deal breaker today is the empanadas. The menu says empanadaS for $14 and only one one brought out. It was hilarious. We called them out of it and the waiter blamed it on the new chef who got happy hour mixed up. It was 22:00 at this point on a Tuesday night. The same waiter was also the one who brought out these empanadas. I mean empanadA. Waiter apologized and explained that he adjusted the price for one since it's supposed to be $15 so he charged $7.50. It's actually $14 so it should have been $7.00. It's not the 50 cents I'm upset about, it's White Dog. These types of things should not be happening - consistently cold $8 truffle fries, overcooked $19 burger, tepid food, and now  graduated to messing up portion sizes and overcharging.

White Dog is longer a place I recommend to people.  Only reason why we came this time is because of a 1000 point reservation on Open Table. I'd used to always  bring my family and friends every time they came to visit  since I moved here in 2012. Not anymore. The establishment has gone downhill and QA apparently doesn't exist. 

I would try Louie Louie instead, especially before it goes downhill since I hear management is same? :-0
There is nothing worse than leaving a restaurant hungry. This was my experience at White Dog Cafe. My boss asked to take me and my peer out to lunch and they decided on this place. I had never been so I was excited to try somewhere new on the Sansom strip that's normally packed with Drexel and PENN students after dark.

My initial reaction to the decor was confusion. The place is a "cafe" so I thought it would have light and airy decor. Instead it was a bunch (and I mean 6 or 7) small rooms filled with dark velvet curtains, dark wood fireplaces, and an overall eclectic decor.

I pushed these confused thoughts to the side and browsed the menu. For the first time in my life, nothing looked appetizing. The selection for lunch was meager at best and the menu was not very diverse.  I ended up ordering the Maryland Crab and Bibb Lettuce Salad and we ordered the Chick Pea fritters to share as an appetizer.

The Chick Pea fritters were and EPIC disappointment. The 4 fritters came on a small saucer with a small drop of sauce underneath. They were overcooked, tasted like mush, very unappetizing. It was so bad that neither of us wanted the last one.

Onto the main course.... or should I say the meager 3 leaves of Bibb lettuce sprinkled lightly with some crab meat. I took one look at the "entree salad" he put in front of me and half expected him to explain that they ran out of lettuce and crab in the kitchen, but this was not the case. While the 3 leaves of lettuce and crab were fresh, the dressing sort of ruined the dish as it was spicy which I was not expecting. It was also just not enough food. I got back to the office and had oatmeal along with a banana to hold me over until dinner.

I don't recommend this place at all. With so many other options on the block, please save yourself the hunger pangs go elsewhere.
All the dogs, all the time! 

This place is nestled at the beginning of UCity. It could be a bit tough parking wise so plan accordingly. I parked a few blocks away and walked over but wasn't too much of a hassle. 

Inside it's cozy, sectioned off into separate rooms along with a large bar area at the opposite end from the entrance. Each room is decked out in dog masterpieces - and depending on the room, the artwork is themed accordingly. It's like walking through a different gallery per room - conversation pieces for sure!

It's a farm to table joint with a nice selection of vegetarian options (yay!) We ordered their hummus for the table - served with kalamata olive tapanade, pine nuts, and fresh grape tomatoes, and I ordered the beet and arugula salad for my meal. It was hearty but not heavy. The salad was tossed with an herby crème fraiche which was a nice savory accompaniment to the sweetness from the beets. 

I thought the portions were perfect - I didn't end up leaving anything on the plate! The ingredients tasted fresh, and overall it was a great dish to enjoy (albeit nothing extraordinary.) 

The service was great, our waiter was quick with delivering out our food and he refilled our water glasses plenty. For the wallet, I thought it was a bit on the pricier side but it wouldn't stop me from coming back. I'm hoping when the weather gets better, we can return and take advantage of their outdoor seating. They also have a pretty decent drink menu - something else to explore for later! 

Enjoy!!
tl;dr an eccentric dog-themed eatery with upscale farm-to-table offerings

As it prides itself on locally sourced and organic eats, White Dog has long been the restaurant within the University City bubble that college kids will pass over for some cheap fast food -- that is, until family comes to town. As was the case for my last visit, as my partner and I joined family for a nice meal in the University City district.

Located on the first floor of converted row homes, White Dog hosts a number of rooms. While the overarching theme is "dog," as evidenced by the offbeat doggie portraits and busts throughout, each room has own vibe like a British pub. In our room, the fireplace and moldings were dwarfed by the colorful abstract portrait painting of various dogs. 

My family ordered oysters for the table, then my partner and I split the two daily specials: a Branzino and a NY Strip Steak. The oysters were fresh and robustly flavored, and my Californian family enjoyed comparing the East Coast sampling to the West Coast ones. The branzino was served skin-on with a citrusy cucumber slaw, atop crispy polenta sticks. on the other side of the plate were dots of vibrant green pesto and golden aioli to dip the fish. This dish culminated into our favorite of the night, tasting uniquely fresh with an interesting texture. The steak, meanwhile, seemed larger than the advertised 8oz, and it was served with roasted potatoes, bell peppers, and onions, then sauced with a plum jus. The meat was cooked perfectly to our rare temperature, but the dish as a whole didn't particularly stand out. 

The food itself might be worth 4 stars, but the service and prices left plenty to be desired. Despite having made a reservation well in advance, we ended up waiting for nearly 20 minutes for our table to be prepared. On top of that, the hostess went out of her way to be snotty when we asked a second time if our table was prepared. And when we finally were escorted to our table, lo and behold, the entire room was empty besides our party. Moreover, Good Dog charges borderline-criminal prices for some of their dishes -- the $40 entrees are probably worth closer to high 20s, low-30s. As I emphasized before, this is a reasonable restaurant to hit up, as long as you're not the one paying.
TL,DR: My friend's birthday was ruined by mediocre food and bad service. Make the trip to Wayne for a White Dog Cafe experience that lives up to the hype.

Came here for a close friend's birthday. They accommodated us in a large private room which was well decorated and really felt like a treat. I had been to the WDC in Wayne and was treated to a delicious meal and wonderful service so I had my hopes up--really should have lowered them. The waitress assigned to our table was incredibly terse. I can understand not wanting a large table but, come on, there's a difference between being a little tired from a long and busy brunch morning and being short to an entire table of 10 well mannered customers. We were immediately put off. 

We asked about the unlimited mimosas and were told that they would stop serving them past 3pm. Our friend had called earlier and asked if this was the case and the hostess on the phone had said that was not the case. Fine, whatever, we told our waitress to just bring them out as quickly as possible (we were trying to get into the birthday spirit). It took her, I kid you not, 25 minutes to get the first round of mimosas. We were edging close to our 3pm deadline and asked if she could bring out some extra glasses for the table and she told us no, so we had to wait between each round. So if you're heading in for a late brunch the bottomless mimosas are far from worth it.

The food was not worth the hype or the poor service. I got the churro waffles and they were too crunchy and not very flavorful. Reminded me of the free waffles at the buffet on a Caribbean cruise I took 5 years ago. My friend got the avocado BLT and it was nothing special. Could probably make a better one at home in ¼ of the time.  And you can get your mimosas ASAP.

I'd like to end this review by giving a special shoutout to the drunk college girl who blundered down the bathroom steps at 3pm on a Saturday. Poor thing.
Hello,

Last night I had a wonderful meal (tuna tartar, duck, root beer float) and great service at White Dog. Here's why I'll never be back. I arrived with a group of 6 family members - we go a few times a year because it's convenient to 30th street station when my in-laws come to town. We were given menus - 4 of us were ordering priced fix. 2 were not. O wait, actually 0 are, because despite nothing noted on the menu, the new policy is that the priced fix meal must be ordered by the whole table, our server informed us kindly. We offered to be put on 2 checks. The manager came out and told us it was the chef's rule, "for our own good and the good of our experience" because it would be so hard for us to when to eat what if some people didn't have food in front of them. Stupid, but tolerable. And the priced fix options had $ next to them, so since they could be purchased a la carte, we got over it. And THEN we were told we couldn't have a LA carte from that special menu - even though the menu said "items available a LA carte" on the menu, because that's only available for groups smaller then 4. So my mother in law couldn't have the burrata. My sister in law couldn't have the scallops. What are you even thinking, White Dog? My table had ordered 2 bottles of wine, we were frequent visitors... I'm going to make it my job to tell everyone I know about my bad experience. Enough with the silly rules and stodginess from the lil cafe that use to be about quality in farm to table. You look like jerks.p
My taste buds love this place... my wallet, not so much.
I came here on a suggestion of a friend, looking for a tasty non-greasy meal before heading over to World Cafe for a show. 
I immediately had a positive bias towards this place just looking at it from the outside, its so cute. It was one of our 500 ridiculously hot days and I was eager to go inside for from AC relief. Sadly, it wasn't blasting as I had hoped, but we were sat under a fan, which was good enough for me.
I kind of felt like I was sitting in some stranger's house, getting served a nicer-than-expected meal. I started with cucumber soup, which was a special that day. It was exactly what I didn't know I wanted: refreshing, tasty, and surprisingly filling. I made the mistake of ordering the artichoke bacon risotto, which although delicious, was entirely too heavy for a hot summer night. Whoops.
The person I was with got some kind of fish (blanking on which kind) and it was amazing.. I wish i could remember what kind it was. Darn.
I left here in an overall super pleasant mood because of the food I had received, with a slight price-induced shock thrown in.  I spent more here than I have on a meal thus far in the city (not including restaurant week). Ouch.
To understand and appreciate The White Dog fully, I think a little bit of a history lesson is required for you Yelpers that are under 35 or aren't native to Philadelphia.

Did you ever see the movie "Invincible"?  It's set in and accurately depicts what is perhaps the darkest period of Philly's history, the 1970s, when Philly was a down-and-out former industrial power suffering along-with-but-possibly-more-than-most American cities through the social and economic "malaise" of the day.

But right in the middle of those dark days, there were rays of light cast on our once-and-future fair city by the restaurateurs who were the vanguard of what would be called Philadelphia's "Restaurant Renaissance".  Those brave visionaries most notably included George Perrier (Le Bec Fin), Reed Apaghian (Astral Plane), and Judy Wicks, the owner to this day of the venerable White Dog Cafe.

With an eclectic menu, quirky sense of self deprecating but unapologetically liberal humor, comfortable atmosphere, attentive professional service, and a dedication to locally grown food, The White Dog remains to this day the standard against which all similarly missioned establishments must be compared.  True, it is no longer unique or edgy, but that is more a testament to its success than evidence of any failure.

Yes, it is quite expensive, so it is the kind of place where we go for dinner only occasionally, and then almost always for special events in a larger group.  But the portions remain quite ample, and I have certainly shelled out similar levels of cash for far less generously filled plates.  And the food never, ever disappoints.

A great way to experience The White Dog (at least for two people) is to eat at the bar.  You may have to wait a while for hard-to-come-by seats, and you won't have access to the full menu, but the bar food menu is a treat in its own right.

So do yourselves a favor and make sure you experience The White Dog at least once.  If you want to fully appreciate the phenomenal restaurant town Philly is today, an education re how we got here is a requirement, and nothing will accomplish that more than basking in Judy Wicks' eccentric and still-vibrant vision.
I went to White Dog Cafe for a group lunch and our organizer made us a reservation in the private dining area. With that said, please be aware that this review is based on an atypical dining experience!

Our group of six arrived right on time for our 11 am reservation and we were quickly taken back to the private room. It had been years since I had gone to White Dog Cafe, so I was really excited to go back! It is such a beautiful and cute restaurant! Their new renovations look great, and the team has done a wonderful job keeping it fresh and clean! The seating is so well organized. This place really serves as the perfect meeting point for a sophisticated, but not overly formal, dining experience!

I started off with a hot coffee with cream and sugar on the side. I'd like to think I'm not too picky with my coffee, but to be honest, I really wasn't a fan of theirs. Still, I was really just longing for some caffeine, so it did its job. 

As for food, most of our group ordered soup and a salad. I decided on the lobster bisque (which was their special of the day) and the baby wedge salad. 

The soup was delicious. Hot, creamy, and with so much flavor. Other members of the party got the mushroom soup and the butternut squash bisque. Everyone was raving about their selection! Someone even commented that although all their food is great, the soup is really what they do best! (Note: this came from a fairly frequent White Dog Cafe customer!)

Although the salad was good, it didn't quite blow me away like I hoped it would. All the vegetables were crisp and I did enjoy the brioche croutons. The sherry vinaigrette didn't really do it for me though. 

Service was fantastic. Our waitress was extremely sweet, friendly, and attentive. Our orders came out quickly. Although there were a couple times when we weren't given the proper utensils, sugar, etc., she was so prompt in rectifying the situation that we didn't mind at all!

As far as pricing goes, White Dog Cafe definitely isn't a place I'd become a regular at. Prices are pretty steep; soups coming in at about $10 a cup, and salads range from $12 - $22, with an additional charge to add a protein (the lowest being $6 for tofu and as high as $12 for salmon).

All in all, I'm happy to have returned here after my last visit years ago, and I did enjoy my experience. I could see myself returning here for social gatherings, but I don't see it becoming my first choice for regular visits. If you decide to pop in yourself and check it out, I would highly recommend getting a soup!
For 10 o'clock on a Sunday morning, I was surprised (and somewhat pleased) at the lack of people dining at White Dog.  We were given our choice of indoor or outdoor seating and were shown to a table in the somewhat tight gated-in patio area.

I have never had gazpacho before, but I figured that a restaurant that uses fresh and local ingredients would be a great place to try it.  On the menu, under Chilled Green Meadow Farm Tomato Gazpacho it says, "Micro Cress, Blue Moon Breakfast Rashish &amp; Summer Melon."  When I asked the waiter what "rashish" is, he was all, "huh?" and when I pointed to it on the menu, he said, "Oh, it's like a salsa with melon and radishes that we put in the bottom of the bowl before we pour the gazpacho in... it's really good!"  He was right, it WAS really good, but I wish he had just said, "Oh, that is a typo.  It's supposed to say 'radish.'"

My dining companion ordered the Seven Stars Yogurt Parfait.  I stayed away for it due to a freak cherry allergy, but she really enjoyed it.  Although the waiter suggested that it "definitely is a starter size, not big enough for breakfast," I think that it would make a great sized breakfast for someone who likes to start her day on the lighter side.

Luckily, my friend and I are NOT that kind of girl.  We each ordered the Smoked Salmon Benedict, which was served on half of an everything bagel with a side of  homefries and a small portion of greens with capers and red onion.  I had every intention of eating only half of the half bagel, one of the poached eggs, dipping my fork sparingly in the hollandaise and skipping the potatoes.

I'm sure it wouldn't take someone who knows me THAT well to predict that I would actually do nothing of the sort.  The moment I broke into one of those perfectly poached eggs and saw the sunshine yolk spill onto the plate, I knew it was all over.  I threw caution to the wind and dumped the sauce over the whole plate, including the potatoes, and downed the entire serving.  Except the salad.  That was a little salty.

Next time, I'm totally getting the Crème Brulee Brioche French Toast.  And I'm going to eat every bite.
Went for brunch and the waiter Justin -
1. Deterred us from doing bottomless mimosas because it ended in an hour. Even though we asked for them. 
2. Added extra drinks to the bill that we never ordered $ I needed to have removed before paying. 
3. Tacked on an extra $10 to his own tip on my credit card after I left. Just got the processed bill today on my bank account. 

The service was just terrible and the fact I had to call to get $10 back from my tip is ridiculous. It seemed like the server just wanted to overcharge us no matter what. Definitely won't be returning for a while.
Disclaimer: This review is more about White Dog's bar than restaurant.

It's befitting that in my final months at Penn, I'd finally yelp White Dog, a place I frequented... probably exceedingly in these past years. Nonetheless, the White Dog bar (separate from restaurant) is probably one of my favorite places at Penn. The solid feel of the counter, the various barkeeps' music in the background, and the relatively inexpensive bar fare keeps bringing me back (here: good conversations with friends = given).

The bar menu at White Dog is solid--offering your typical bar food along with the one of the best tasting chicken sandwiches I've ever had in my life.* The succulent chicken sandwich is delicious, but the Cajun string beans that come on the side are even more savory. Fried to a perfect crispy texture and jumbled in a salty-spicy sauce, the string beans are possibly actually the best thing not on the menu. I have ordered the string beans alone...perhaps a better bar food than fries...mildly healthier at least.

Aside from that, the happy hour at White Dog is quite good. From Sunday thru Thursday (10 PM - midnight), pints are $2...and this isn't your plebian macro-brew. Instead, you get a fine pint from a local micro-brewery. My favorite is the Troeg's Nut Brown Ale. It tastes like chocolate.

Lastly, you can feel good about eating here because part of White Dog's mission includes serving the community and the Earth. Thus, all the food comes from organic local farms and most of the adult beverages come from local sources when possible.

*good vegetarian options also available

P.S. A little about the restaurant...White Dog has an Americana cuisine. It's pretty tasty and always fresh. A bit pricey and could be more innovative on the restaurant menu.

P.P.S. They make strong cocktails.
Great place to check out at Upenn campus. They have their bar menu (which is what I ordered from) and their regular menu, which has more pricy entrees (mid 20's and up). The bar menu had some pretty good burgers/sandwiches as well as some other entrees that are in decent portions. I started off with chips and guacamole... for 5 bux, it seems like a pretty good deal for two people. For the entree, I had the Organic Florida Shrimp and Crawfish Tail Fettuccini. It was covered with spicy parmesan cheese cream, sweet onions and tomatoes. Delightful to my taste buds. For dessert, try out the Peach Cobbler. The peach tastes natural and the ice cream/cookie is filled with good flavor. And all of that was about the same cost as one of the regular entrees! Check out this place if you're on campus.
It's about time that I get back into the flow of writing a few reviews. So I may as well dust myself off by getting ever closer to the goal of hitting 100 review updates that I made awhile ago (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rittenhouse-square-park-philadelphia#hrid:X11X_XI_wnILnJVgZxqo5Q/src:self). So I may as well achieve it by reliving what might just be the most satisfying brunch item that I ever experienced.

when my family came for a visit we decided to hit up White Dog, mostly by my influence because I respect them for their continued support towards the "Buy Fresh Buy Local" movement. It was a beautiful day and things were looking up when we were instantly seated in an outdoor table. It wasn't exactly the best of tables, and I'll get to that later. But as we read through the plethora of wonderful items on the menu, and sipped upon our coffees, it was the perfect moment of zen.

And as I was reading through that menu I stumbled upon the most wonderful sounding thing ever. Crème Brulee Brioche French Toast! but since it came with a delectable assortment of Mexican Vanilla Bean Custard, Candied Marcona Almonds, Sun Dried Cherries, Organic Strawberries. I know your mouth is probably watering as you read such delicacies combined together, and I'm happy to assure you that it was perfect harmony bite after bite. ESPECIALLY when I added a side of breakfast sausage for that extra guilty pleasure (it tastes better with vanilla bean custard then you'd think!).

So by now your probably wondering about the table pratfall that *sort of* infringed upon the moment of zen, and really it's all simple geometry. to sum it up, super sized rectangular plates DO NOT fit on small circular tables, ESPECIALLY when you have three plates to one table! reaching over to cut my sausage almost ended in comical fashion each and every time. yet since it was so damn fantastic you can probably imagine how often I made that valiant effort! it might be another kink that keeps White Dog from reaching that 5th star. But overall I still wouldn't change it for anything.
I've been to White Dog Cafe many times and thoroughly enjoyed my visits but Friday night was so weird and bad!  

Our server was so rehearsed with his spiel, he was insincere, very pushy and tried to dictate what we wanted from cheeses to wine to appetizers to entree... He was impulsive, spoke so fast we had zero idea what he said. I seriously had to raise my voice to tell him what he told us we wanted for cheese selection isn't what we really wanted and then he pushed us to order the duck appetizer saying it was amazing  (we ate one bite and didn't like it) 
He never did bring the hummus we asked for.. then he asked every few minutes what we wanted to order for dinner..... I'm from Philly and speak fast myself but this dude lost me! 
Here's where it gets good... I asked about the scallop sausage dish which listed it had other seafood items ..... wanting to learn if it's sausage, scallops ground up into sausage or sausage, scallops, shrimp etc...... basically can you tell me about the entree? He said "you aren't aware Japan has been doing scallop sausage for decades?? Well, no. I haven't been to Japan and I'm guessing on a waiter's income, he hasn't either (eye roll). My friend asked our waiter to tell her about the salmon dish. He responded with "What do you want to know?" LMAO! Is this dude for real?! 
This was all after he knew I was picking up the bill because it was a friend's retirement dinner(I gave him my credit card after we were seated) and he suggested every outrageously priced wine and sparkling wine on the menu. He put me in a very uncomfortable situation by bringing selections for us to try that were expensive and when my guests/clients liked them, it pushed me to feeling obligated to purchase the bottle of $75 sparking wine! On top of that, when he brought us samples to try, he only brought them in one glass so we had to try/drink out of the same glass. How gross. 
We were so turned off by this server, we didn't even finish our cheese board and who leaves cheese on the table?!?!?! He never mentioned the untouched duck appetizer..... $20 down the drain. 
This dude is so not up to par with my other servers at White Dog Cafe! We never ordered dinner and went to Louie Louie for dinner instead which was delish!
I'm happy to share the name of my server if management wants to contact me.
Very very medium food as far as upscale restaurants are concerned.  When my meal alone comes to almost $50 without drinks I expect perfection and it just wasn't there.  The waitress was very well trained (serving the ladies first, clearing only after everyone was done eating, etc), but the food was average and the dining room was quite loud.  When we sat down one of us ended up with a lunch menu, the problem was quickly fixed, but we all noticed, as expected, that the prices were much more reasonable.  Next time we're doing lunch.

The Spicy Lamb Bolognese wasn't spicy, rather the meat was dry and the sauce tasted like a typical vodka sauce.  It was very good and was a rather large portion for such an expensive restaurant; I was pleasantly surprised.

The Duet of Duck was wonderfully prepared, but I'm sure they didn't have to give you so little.  I swear the entire plate could have been eaten in one bite if adequate motivation challenged were applied to the situation.  The homemade mustard was great, but next time put your effort into serving enough to share the dish with a loved one.

Last, the fried green tomatoes were too hard for my liking, green doesn't necessarily mean not yet ripe, but I'm sure this was just someone else's take on the dish.  My only argument would be that the texture of the tomato distracted me from the over flavor.  We didn't finish the tomatoes.

To end on a good note, the menu states 18% gratuity is added to parties of 5 or more, it wasn't added to our party of 7.  I'm positive the waitress benefited from this as we are all in the habit of tipping 20%.  Also, the waitress was willing to split the bill between seven people and four credit cards.  In summery, at the White Dog Cafe the service surpasses the cuisine.
Fancy food in a farmhouse!  For some reason I had it in my head that White Dog only had pub-type fare, but that's not the case.  And the whole place is so cozy and relaxing, I just love it.

We only had to wait 15 minutes for a table for 3 at 7pm on a Saturday, since there are three levels and lots of space.  We were tucked into a booth in the corner of the lower level - the comfy bench seating along the wall made me happy.  Despite the coziness and number of people in the place, the noise level was low - I was probably the loudest person in the room, oops.

As everyone else had said, the food is really good and fresh.  I started with a Dock Street Rye IPA which I really enjoyed, and went with the sesame-encrusted tofu for my meal.  I'm not a vegetarian and don't normally order tofu, but it sounded intriguing.  The tofu was soft and light (not chewy and tough), crusted in a crispy sesame shell.  The flavoring on the asian-style vegetables was quite tasty too.  And the portion was just right, leaving me full but not stuffed.

I don't venture into University City often, but I'd love to come back here for a meal or a beer!
The white dog is hands down my favorite restaurant.  Its charming, cozy, healthy, delicious, and if you are even thinking about going to Philly, you'd better put this down on your list, or you're gonna miss out... and if its getting cold out, order the seasonal hot toddie drinks.  Any one of them is bound to warm even the coldest of hearts.
If you love salt, you''ll  adore the White Dog Cafe.  Years ago, it boasted well-seasoned  fare with fresh ingredients.  It has really gone downhill.   I thought it might be impossible to ruin a kennett square mushroom quesadilla, but I was wrong .   If there were any mushrooms at all in that soggy mess, I couldn't find them. It was just an under-cooked tortilla topped with salsa and cheese whiz (!!!)  Lots of it.
     The side salad was so drenched in salty dressing, that, too, was inedible.
      Time to just say no to the White Dog.
Good for people who: like to look at pictures of dogs while eating
Bad for people who: hate dogs aka evil people 

I came on a day when it was 90 degrees and thankfully my friend and I were seated in a shady spot, but there were definitely many parties who were sitting in direct sun. Many of these tables had umbrellas next to them, but with the way the sun was coming in it was still hitting people near the umbrellas. 

I would say the brunch food here is about average. I was satisfied with my meal, but I'm not dying to go back again. I got the Avocado BLT and I was surprised that there was half an avocado which wasn't cut up or anything on the sandwich. Not mad about it or anything, but whenever I get sandwiches with avocado on it the avocado is usually cut into smaller pieces or mashed. 

Also there was a couple sitting next to us with their dog who was very cute. I was happy that I was at a dog themed restaurant sitting next to a real life dog.
I wavered between three and four stars on White Dog... They have decent food and you've gotta love the whole local/organic thing.  Unfortunately, I agree with the reviewer who said the food doesn't exactly "wow" you.  I don't know if it ever did, since I'm fairly new to the area, but it's definitely not working any magic now.  It's not a bad place to go for lunch, but I think the dinner menu is overpriced for what it is.  The general consensus among my friends is that the food is stuff that we could probably make ourselves.  

That said, the beer selection and bar are awesome.  They have a great selection of seasonal brews and several not-your-usual-bar-selection liquors.  Any place that keeps Hendricks gin on the shelves is OK in my book.
Must have gone on a bad night , service was absolutely terrible , do not order filet mignon it gave me food poisoning everything else was okay
I've only ever been to the White Dog for lunch, so I'm only going to rate it based on their lunch menu and service staff. Both are pretty good. I like the fact that the food is fresh, locally sustainable, and organic. There's a good balance of meat and vegetarian dishes. In the summer they make a lovely homemade lemonade, and in the fall you can find apple cider. 

Some of my favorite lunch dishes include: Chilled Seared Organic Beef Salad with Fair Trade Chocolate-Chile Vinaigrette; Pan Browned Alaskan Salmon Burger; and Garden Veggie Burger! Great meals and very filling! I'm also a huge cookie fan - and for dessert you can get a COOKIE SAMPLER!! WHAT?! Oh yeah, it's heaven on a plate!! And if you get the freshly churned Ice Cream you can make your own CHIPWICHES at your table!! LOVE IT!!
I have lived in Chicago, LA, San Diego and now Philly- and I have never been treated as rudely as the people running the front door at this restaurant. I had three guests visiting and wanted to show them UPenn campus where my husband is in business school. I had heard good things about this place so thought I would take them there. They basically told us they weren't open yet- even though the doors were open and it was 11:15am. They then went on to say you can wait 20 min to sit then you have 40 min to eat. I'm sorry- but why open the doors to your restaurant if you're not open?? I've never seen a restaurant do that in my life. The hostess with long dark hair was not only rude to us but every person I saw her encounter. I don't know who in their right mind would want to eat at this place with people like that running the show. If you're busy and it's reservation only- then say that. Don't be rude and condescending to every person who walks in the door. Maybe they have good food, but I'll never know because I won't be setting foot in this place again.
I've been to White Dog on numerous occasions, and have yet to be disappointed. They only use organic, locally grown, and seasonal items in their dishes, and you can really taste the difference. I've had everything from the seitan to the NY Strip -- mmmm, deeeeelish. The eclectic wait staff is usually very attentive and friendly (I find the service is better in the restaurant than in the bar, unless you're belly up). The atmosphere is charming. And of course, you gotta love a restaurant that believes in local causes and social activism. Sure, it's a little pricey, but a good meal is like a trip to the day spa -- every now and then, you just gotta splurge and give yourself a treat.

Don't worry, White Dog. In a world of haters, you still got my lurve.
Freshman year I lived in the dorms across the street from White Dog. I spent an academic year lusting after the delicious smells wafting out of the tastefully decorated front door, while I settled for dining hall pizza.

Well, I finally ate at White Dog last September with a couple of friends in celebration of the start of a new school year. As a poor college kid, I ordered a $14 medium rare burger that I couldn't quite afford. I had reasonably high expectations for that burger, because of the wafting smell thing and fourteen dollar price tag. Also I think the menu gave a lengthy description of the burger's origin, something about grassfed cagefree vegetarian organic amish cows. 

When our food arrived, my medium rare burger turned out to be well-done. And not in the good sense of the word. In the charred gray not a hint of pink to be found anywhere how could anyone desecrate a fine piece of beef like that sense of the word. 

I politely pointed out the burger's well-done-ness to our waiter, who apologized profusely and hustled off the kitchen to order another. I spent the next 20-30 minutes daydreaming about my burger watching my friends eat their food thinking that our waiter must have effed up and written down the wrong order because how could anyone work at a place like White Dog NOT know how to cook a medium rare burger?

By the time my second burger arrived, my friends had finished eating. I was slightly annoyed that my bun wasn't toasted this time, because they took 20-30 minutes to remake a burger in a nearly empty restaurant and didn't have the decency to toast the bun. I was more than slightly annoyed when I cut into it and realized that this burger looked exactly like the first one. In fact, they had probably just spit on it a few times re-warmed it and slapped it on a cold bun. I didn't have time to try my luck a third time, so I just ate it. After hastily dropping of burger dos, our waiter made himself scarce until it was bill time. Didn't ask how my food was, didn't refill our water glasses, I mean the man was avoiding us! 

While we were waiting for our bill, a family at the table next to ours asked the waiter to explain to their kids what the difference was between a well-done, medium-well, medium, medium-rare, and rare burger. Before beginning his spiel he shot our table a glance to see if we were listening. We were. With rapt attention. I've never seen anyone get that red while saying the words "a medium-rare burger should be pinky-red in the center." When he picked up our plates, I left nothing but a sizable chunk of grey hamburger on mine. He still made no comment. When he came back to drop off the bill, I told him that my second burger was no rarer than my first, and that he should let the cook know how his medium rare burgers were turning out. He apologized again and ran off with our money. No offer for a free burger, no nuffin. We ended up giving him a pity tip because honestly his life must just be terrible if he had too much anxiety to take ownership of an overcooked burger.

So in summary: over-hyped, over-priced, poorly executed food. Either vindictive or completely incompetent kitchen staff. Sheepish servers. I'd hit up random freshman for a guest swipe into Kings Court English House's dining hall before I go back there.
White Dog Cafe was purely delicious, completely seasonal, and very cute and cozy. I love that the food is farm to table fresh, and the menu is unique and exciting. I had the Butternut Squash & Sage flatbread and it was pizza a la autumn if there ever was one! 

I had a taste of the truffle fries...heaven! My only complaint was that it felt a bit cramped, and the prices were a little high.

Overall a great spot to take clients or family. I will definitely return!
I came here with my boyfriend's family to celebrate his birthday. We called for a reservation on the same day at around 9:30 am, and were able to get a table when they open at 11:30am. The staff were pretty accommodating, and we were able to bring our own wine by paying some extra. It was an overall very enjoyable dining experience except the services was a little bit slow. 

FIRST COURSE:
PrInce Edward Island Mussels: ($15, 4/5)
Good amount of mussels. The dish was pretty flavorful!

Bosc Pear Salad ($14, 3.5/5)
This dish is bomb if you are a fan of blue cheese! It was a little bit too overwhelming for me, but the veggies on the top were really refreshing.

BRUNCH
Kennett Square Mushroom Omelet (4/5)
Special/seasonal Omelet with pork  (4/5)
This omelet was little greasy for me, but the pork was very delicious. 

Fried Oyster Sandwich (4/5)

Pacific Coho Salmon (4/5)

Locust Point Farm Chicken (4/5)

DESSERT
We ordered two Honey Poached Pears, two peach bread pudding, and one Fair Trade Chocolate Flourless Cake. Our server was really thoughtful, and asked me which one was for my boyfriend so that they could put some "Happy Birthday" decoration on the top. 

My chocolate Flourless Cake was very delicious. The sweetness was right on point. I wish I could finish the whole thing. Unfortunately we were in a hurry to leave, so I wasn't able to finish my chocolate cake. 

Overall, I'm very impressed with the whole vibe of the cafe. Every corner of the cafe could be a good spot for pictures. The food was healthy and delicious. The servers were friendly, but I hope they could be more efficient next time!
After seeing a couple thousand reviews, we decided to come celebrate my sisters birthday dinner at white dog. We drove an hour to have dinner and it was honestly one of the worst experiences we have ever had.

1) Your host was rude and we waited til almost 9pm to be seated. We think he was racist to be blunt.
2) we were put in an empty room, when there was a room full of tables.
3) waitress was very nice but failed to come back, we had to complain to get her attention.
4) we got a 30oz steak and it was disgusting, it was cold and it was literally saltiest steak Ive ever had. Instead of complaining and eating at 11pm and after my family finished I took a napkin and rubbed off the salt and stuffed it down my throat. It was gross. The mash and mac was awesome though.

I am requesting something is done, I would not agree to the 20% gratuity or the steak.

I would like to know what will be done before I dispute with my credit card company, and post reviews.

I hate to do this but Im pissed
off how bad this dinner was especially today.
Have come here many MANY times. Look, the food here is always incredible. The ambience is so so fun. Dog stuff all around. It's a great place to bring your family if you live on campus. It's a great date spot if that's what you're into. I usually get the spicy lamb bolognese with the Caesar salad and it is phenomenal. Oh! The drinks too are great.

That being said, I can't give it a total full 5 or even 4 stars, because the one thing I really dislike about White Dog, is the staff. I've sat at the bar a few times to get food, and am always treated rudely there. Sat at a dining table once on a date, was also treated rudely. In fact, when the waitress messed up an order and it was returned, I noticed the waitress going to her other staff and literally pointing and talking about us. It left a really bad taste in my mouth. Which is hard, because the food is great and going back is a treat. Service at a restaurant is a high premium, and for the price you pay at White Dog + the level of food + the ambience, for the service to not match all that, is worth a 2 star knockdown.
i puked at the white dog.
why? because the food prep area is visible from the bar, and while sitting at the bar enjoying a pleasant meal and imported beer, i watched the cook pull old greasy fries from the bottom of the fryer, put them in a basket with new fries, and refry the whole batch together. then i looked down at my half-eaten plate of fries. then i went to the bathroom and puked til it was time to leave.
everything was great til then though!!
except for the fact that it's wicked narrow and awkward to get around in, and that everyone there is cooler than me.
White Dog is a decent option if you need a last minute spot in University City (you should probably still make a reservation, but in my experience you can make one pretty close to your preferred time with a fair chance of success). The decor is beautiful and the dining space is deceptively large.

That said, White Dog is generally not my first choice for brunch or dinner because whenever I've visited the service has been uneven and the food unspectacular. My most recent visit was for brunch, during which I ordered the Tex Mex breakfast. The corn cakes were pretty hard and the chorizo was gummy and underseasoned. I will say that they did a fairly good job of accommodating my friend's gluten-free restrictions, but overall I've never had a great meal here.

The pricing isn't dirt cheap, but not prohibitively expensive either. But fundamentally, White Dog is a place I visit when I need a quick reservation rather than a first choice.
Of all things, I was getting a root canal and the endodontist (who was excellent) was educated back here at Penn. Somehow I remember she mentioned White Dog Cafe! 

Going WAY back, this was on a nice patch of Sansom not too far from Pod . When I went to search White Dog, I was sad to find out their direct neighbor, Black Cat gift shop was no more. I honestly don't think I ever dined here, but I remember the warm, cheerful atmosphere, cozy little dining rooms that made you think you were hanging out in someones brownstone in the city. 

Judging from reviews, it appears as though they have gone the whole environmentally/organic/sustainable route (although they were the first in Philadelphia to do so, don't have an exact date as to when, but this was not really pushed back then). Prices have obviously risen as they do, and are now on par with what I deal with out here. When I return, I look forward to trying their double cheddar burger. Glad they survived throughout this mess we are currently in.
What happened to White Dog Cafe?  First time I was there for my friend Dan's 21st birthday and it was a great time.  My last time that I was there was last '09 Summer and it was terrible.  My girlfriend had ordered Meadow Run Spring Lamb ($29), and there was barely any meat on there plus she asked for well-done and it was cooked rare.  
I ordered Spicy Lamb Bolognese ($19) and it was nothing spectacular for the price.  It was mostly rigatoni noodles and not much seasoning.  I know that I could cook better than this expensive, worthless dinner.  Extremely disappointed.  Never again.  Go next door to New Deck Tavern for cheaper specials.
This place is not exactly the kind of place I'd choose if I were the one paying but if someone else wants to treat me, then by all means, I'm in!  The dog décor in the place is a little over the top, maybe a little bit too much so, in my opinion.  It's kind of tight/claustrophobic in there as well with the different rooms and the dim lighting.  I've been to the Wayne location before and felt that this location was maybe a bit more cramped.

The food was good though but definitely a bit out of my price range.  Like I already said, I wouldn't have picked it if it was coming out of my wallet, but my oldest daughter chose to go here for her birthday dinner, and my old man wasn't with us, so I didn't have much of a choice but to pull out my wallet and foot the bill. 

The burgers and fries that my youngest daughter and I both had were delish and perfectly cooked and probably the best value on the menu ($18-$19) - the price was higher but hey, at least we didn't walk out hungry as sometimes happens when you go to a fine dining place and get a teeny tiny portion for a whole bunch of money.  

The birthday girl wasn't overly impressed with her chicken that came on a bed of vegetables - definitely not worth my $27.  My vegetarian daughter had the mushroom soup and a side of the truffle fries which she enjoyed.  We also had the devilled eggs and the fried pickles for apps - both were perfect.  

The service was okay but definitely on the slow side.  We asked for boxes and the dessert menu - ten minutes later the boxes came out and then we had to sit and wait for the dessert menu for another ten minutes.  It was then that we realized we didn't have enough time to stay for dessert, and then it took another ten minutes to get the bill and settle up.  It was frustrating for sure.
Had brunch here for the first time this weekend and thought it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience!

A friend visiting from Cali wanted bottomless drinks for brunch and I've never had brunch on this side of Schuylkill so another friend suggested we check out this place. A quick ride on the Market--Frankford subway line later we arrived in University City and a short stroll later found the restaurant. We asked for outdoor seating and got a table immediately. It seemed like a popular place but we didn't make a reservation (not sure if it's because it's Labor Day Weekend and not all the students had come back to campus yet).

If you order an entree, bottomless drinks cost $14, which is an amazing deal. Even better is having the liberty to switch between mimosas, red or white sangria, and Bloody Marys which isn't the case at many other places. I had steak and eggs for food and it was well seasoned and prepared just the way I asked for, medium rare. You'll be surprised by how often steak gets overcooked at restaurants!

Extra fun of dining here? You get to be made feeling old, unintentionally :P My friends and I are in our early 30s and hearing nearby undergrad students talk about their pre-Med/Law career planning and their dating life is surprisingly entertaining (coincidentally saddening because that was me, 10 years ago), and that's when you realize you're living drama vicariously through strangers and therefore, time for the next round of drinks.
It is an absolute honor to be the 1st reviewer for White Dog.  This is hands down one of the best eats in West Phila (located 1 block from UPENN).  The restaurant is broken into various rooms that have this homey vibe to 'em that makes you feel safe and warm and squishy all over.  White Dog single handedly made the winter in Philly seem bearable since it opened my eyes and heart to the Tuaca hot toddie.  The amish grilled cheese sandwich is my fave tho really any dish is an organic/orgasmic experience.  If someone asked me "I have one meal in West Philly, where should I go?"  I'd say without hesitation, "White Dog."
Went to this highly recommended restaurant and was sadly disappointed. Good service but food is mediocre to say the best. The 21$ chicken salad was overpriced and undercooked. The fresh pasta linguine was undercooked and clumped on the plate in an extra salty lemony sauce. It's just one of those restaurants who have sub-par chefs but charge high prices to pretend to be a restaurant of high quality.
The dishes here are always delicious -- fresh, local, seasonal, often organic.  The servers can sometimes get a bit snobby, but the food more than makes up for it.  Definitely check out the bar menu -- it's just as good as the main room, but much cheaper, and the atmosphere is more laid-back.

If you're looking for a good nightcap, I highly recommend ordering a Scotch or two and the cookie sampler from the bar.
Had the trout.... mostly potato and short changed on the trout! I mean where is Waldo!! They need some competition!!!
If I had all the money in the world, and it was no big thang, I would give this 5 stars.

Got a private room for a grad party of 12.5, and they took care of us very well.

White Dog prides itself on trying to serve dishes made from local or sustainable produce and livestock. So, naturally everythign is fresh, delicious, amazing. I don't want to know how bad it is for me, because it's probably loaded with comfort ingredients, but not a person at my lunch had a single complaint. Since I visited, I have been craving their mushroom soup... and I don't like mushrooms. But it was so good, it's all I want.

I also had a mimosa that hit the spot for a classy brunch, and the bacon and spinach salad. I entirely cleared my plates. Nothing was left. Amazingly awesome.

Also, the cheese plates are a bit small, but not obscenely, and I loved it ALL.

If it's not too late for UCity Restaurant Week, I might give in and get their prix fix.
I came here twice in this past weekend, once with a group of friends for a birthday brunch and the second time with my boyfriend and his parents. 

I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars mostly because I am comparing it to other restaurants in UCity. The decor and atmosphere definitely contribute to a more upscale feel--a place you would go to if you're celebrating an occasion without venturing to center city. This is probably the best place to bring your parents if they're in town visiting campus, as the waitstaff service and decor combined create a most pleasant atmosphere. 

The wait is very short if you make a reservation or come before 11 AM on a weekend. Upon entering, the waitress will bring you to your really intimate, cute table and hand you a heavy, wooden menu with beautiful text. I ordered a mimosa for $4, which was exactly what I wanted (adult orange juice!) My friend ordered a bloody mary also for $4, which was large and looked delicious. They also have a variety of other brunch cocktails for higher prices. The waitress also brings a plate of delicious coffee bread and scones as a "bread plate"--and gluten-free rolls were available on request. 

Both times I ordered the special that wasn't on the menu--they seem to always have 2 extra dishes every day, always altering. The first day I ordered a crab benedict, which was underwhelming. I wasn't a fan of the home fries, that seemed to be filled with a higher ratio of peppers than potatoes...and also the crab cakes didn't taste enough like seafood. The second time, I ordered a bacon hash special, which was DELICIOUS and had a perfectly baked egg on top of a delectable hash of potatoes, bacon, steak, and vegetables. The downside was that the special is usually pretty expensive, but if you're looking to partake in any of their other brunch items, the sandwiches and pancakes looked delicious and as affordable as any brunch place. 

Overall, wonderful atmosphere, friendly old-school service, and cute experience for those who want to stay in the UCity area.
White Dog Cafe is the most venerable of the University City eating establishments. It's tucked between the rowdiness and nostalgic kitsch of New Deck Tavern (an Irish bar) and the schizophrenia of Saturn Hair Club, purveyor of hairdos, lattes, and Vietnamese sandwiches (all quite decent, I've heard). Nothing says "it's so good to catch up with you buddy ol' pal" or "yes - this is a date" better than dinner in the main dining rooms of White Dog. The décor is a lesson in hominess: the wainscoting and beige walls, the photo frames paying homage to an extended canine family, and the dainty lamps whose shades emit the cozy yellow hue of dinnertime. Its warmness and intimacy is rare for a restaurant. It's easy to lose yourself in conversation, your thoughtfully prepared dishes, or a pitcher of Yuengling and forget that you're not in your dining room, or any other person's dining room for that much (it only takes a glance up at the dog portraits hanging everywhere to set off an eerie, Planet of the Apes alarm in one's head that humans have been supplanted in the course of earthly civilization.)

Food at White Dog Cafe is tasty and elegant, without being fussy. I'm a fan of the chicken (excusez-moi, "locally raised free-range hen") and fish dishes. Whether roasted or seared or other, the method of preparation is usually just right, and the main show is usually complemented by fresh vegetables and fairly subtle sauces. It's hard to say whether free range this and organic that really make a difference other than tacking several dollars to the bill. However, many yuppies will be comforted to know that the dollars they jettison into the sustainable food ether via White Dog get recombobulated by cosmic forces (I hear Adam Smith's invisible hand pitches in sometimes), packed into sandbags, and distributed to third world farmers for use as animal feed, mulch, or an effective caulking agent when mixed with water.* 

The hungry diner is warned: upon leaving White Dog Cafe, you will probably feel compelled to drop by New Deck next door for an order of Awesome Cheese Fries. The portions at White Dog are not so small as to cause indignation, or French restaurant-esque cognitive dissonance (my two shrimp and sprig of parsley - they were out of this world man! The sauce, the sauce!), but the typical White Dog meal will land you somewhere just north of "not-hungry" and several steps short of "sated." This said, it'd be most wise to have the Dark Chocolate Chipotle Pot De Crème after your meal - still one of the best desserts I've had anywhere.

Then there's the bar at White Dog Cafe - good for college students who can barely afford a $10 dinner but also a great place for you and your fellow chaps to knock back a few. The bar menu offers tasty bites - chief among them, the grass-fed beef burger (as a Californian, I vow it's better than In-n-Out) and the nachos with salsa, guacamole, beans, and cheese melted over - each under or around the $10 mark. The bar also offers a great selection of Pennsylvania beers and ales on draught and changes seasonally. By the power vested in me as a long time patron, though, I declare there is nothing sweeter in life than a pitcher of Yuengling and the nachos. Finding a seat in the bar area can be an issue when things get busy (Friday evenings especially).

*All kidding aside, sustainable food is worth thinking about and I remember being rather inspired when the founder of White Dog came to speak about this issue at the dining hall when I was a freshman at Penn.
I came to the White Dog Cafe for dinner, and it was a good experience.

The first thing to note was that the place was PACKED. All the seats, both inside and outside, were full. We had to wait a short time, but it was worth it. I ordered the chicken skewers, and they were in small portions. On the bright side, they tasted really good. It was organized into three different sauces: buffalo, hot spicy, and barbecue. There are many options, and the drinks come in a cute jar.

Service here was really good until the end, in which the server forgot to take our check. It's not a big mistake, but it's something they can approve on. A really good experience overall!
I came back last Friday night to catch a late night meal after an extremely long day at work.  I ordered their burger and a Victory Pilsner. The bartender gave a fast pour of the Victory. I sat down at a small table to the side, since the bar was full. The Pilsner tasted funky, like someone hadn't cleaned out the lines in a while. Maybe I should make a list of all the bars who never clean their lines out. That might be a tall order around here though.

My burger came out after a medium wait. The fries were crisp, some a little too crisp like they'd been sitting in the frier a little too long. The burger itself was cooked ok on the outside and the cheese was melted in. Unfortunately they undercooked it again. Medium does not mean medium rare. If I see much more than a little pink, that's NOT medium. I ended up eating the burger because I was starving. Bad decision. In the middle of the night I woke up and had some problems. I even felt bad the next day until after 6pm. If Clint Eastwood was shooting this, he would have called it  "White Dog, Black Commode". 

Second time, shame on me. Not going back.
If you drive an old Volvo and still proudly display a ratty Gore 2000 sticker on the bumper, you'll definitely love the White Dog.
Quirky, fun, and even beautiful restaurant inside. This restaurant is huge, but expect a wait. All the rooms are isolated and each has a fun theme. My sister and I came in for brunch on a Sunday. I had made a last minute reservation the day before, and we were seated immediately without issues. Without reservations, you were looking for a long wait. So, I highly recommended using the Open Table app to make a reservation.

I got the pork belly eggs benedict, it was very filling and tasty! Fun concept. I would order it again. I have also been to White Dog Cafe in the past for dinner and everything is great. I highly recommend.
The place is crowded, expensive and I probably had one of the worst plates ever (frittata)...

The brunch menu is limited and displeasing. 

I would never be back.
Loved this quaint spot near Penn's campus for local, sustainable, (and whenever possible) organic cuisine. I had a work dinner here, and so we were in our own separate room (maxed out at 13), but there was still plenty of noise and activity from the main rooms. 

We started out with drinks, and I love there large local Craft Beer List. http://www.whitedog.com/uploads/ucity_beer.pdf

I had the Ithaca Country Pumpkin ale, and later the limited-to-local-only Dock Street Rye IPA. Both beers were good, especially the Dock Street. The servers were really up on their wine and beers, and also knew the main menu really well.

For the group we had two Pennsylvania cheese plates, and I loved the cheese that was wrapped in a Sycamore leaf. Eats shoots and leaves! (No commas needed). 

For my meal:

- Lancaster Apple Pumpkin Bisque, poured over Mascarpone and candied Walnuts. If you could capture autumn in a bisque, this would be that! It was amazing.

There were just too many good entrees on the menu, but I chose:
- Spicy Lamb Bolognese Rigatoni. Very good, although a bit rich for my tastes. This paired well with my RyeIPA, or red wine would have been good too.

This is a good place for a group, a date (who's a liberal or watched Portlandia and gets into sustainable things), impressing museum docents, or mom and dad who are paying for your education, etc. Oh, and don't forget to visit the nicely decorated bathrooms downstairs for a unique use of tree wood as a sink.
I've since been to White Dog a few more times for lunch and dinner.

FOOD

1. The cheesy fondue-like dip appetizer was not good. It was basically this gooey bland white stuff that nobody wanted to eat.

2. Side of glazed vegetables is not worth ordering. It may be good to have some vegetables rather than none, but they weren't prepared in a particularly good or interesting way.

3. Fried pickles were fine.

4. Angel hair pasta with lump crab was mediocre. It was edible & had various ingredients, but was not really well put together. Also, the pasta was overcooked.

5. Fish was so-so. Everything on the plate was edible, but uninspired. 

6. Desserts were unremarkable but fine. Butterscotch budino was nice. Cake was pleasant.

SERVICE was okay. Last time I was there in a large group, the service was not very attentive. Nothing was really horrible except that the server took the initiative to steer us toward not-good food.  The server would disregard attempts to order specific items and instead suggest just bringing whatever she chose to the table. She was otherwise friendly and pleasant, just not very knowledgeable.

SUMMARY:
If I had the choice, I wouldn't choose to eat at White Dog for lunch or dinner.  Food was generally mediocre and disappointing, though there aren't a ton of other choices if you want to eat local. Atmosphere is good, though, and it can be a nice spot to sit and talk. Drinks are fine.
I know that White Dog isn't as cutting-edge as it used to be, but I don't care. They have a very good beer selection, and the bartenders can actually, you know, bartend. This is usually a good sign, and White Dog is no exception.

The food is very good, and while it's not going to "wow" you anymore, just about everything I've ever eaten here has been appealing to both the eyes and mouth.

As most people have noted, it's a great date place, and I particularly like sitting in the bar area. In fact, I won't sit anywhere else.

It doesn't matter who you are... resident, visitor, tourist, student... White Dog can appeal to everyone and has been in business long enough that it deserves its reputation as a Philadelphia "institution".
GAH I wish the White Dog Cafe was in a different location!  I loved it there, but there would be few instances that I'd find myself in that area.  As it was, we were going to see Jon Stewart at the Tower and lord knows there's not much in Upper Darby...

From the outside, the White Dog is adorable - a cute brownstone (or actually a few of them) with a little patio with outside seating (first come, first served.)  But when I walked in, I was...uh...a little worried.  The dining area looks like Cracker Barrel.  (ok, not THAT bad.  But its WAAAAY country, with the checkered tablecloths and windsor chairs.)  It screams "family restaurant - beware of sticky menus."  But it's not that at all.

So IMO, the menu didn't match the decor.  Like previously said, everything organic, local if possible.  Hormone free meats.  AND it was great food to boot, the menu was inventive.  (I'm sorry, I am yelping this a few weeks after the fact and so don't remember our meal exactly, so I'll just say it exceeded our expectations.)  

My FAVORITE, though - and this might not strike people the same way it does me, but - when you order (organic, fair trade certified) coffee, they bring you the little ramekin full of what would normally be sugar and Equal/Sweet 'n Low, but theirs is only cane sugar or STEVIA.  I love it!  Stevia in a restaurant!  There was no chemical sweetener offered and that just won my heart.  I would go back to this place just for that reason alone. ;-)

So unforts this place is totally out of the way for anything we'd want to do.  Even though it's not that close to the Tower, we'll make it our dinner before the show place whenever we have something going on there.
Was heading for a Five star review except for Lacey, the rude bartender. With a beautiful space, locally sourced food, bottomless drinks, and above all for me, vegan options, I was excited to try this place! 

We were seated promptly on a Sunday, without reservations. Our server, Jeff, was great, telling us the specials and even providing me an allergen menu for my dietary restrictions. We were sat in a beautiful but cold room, so we asked to be seated at the bar.

Jeff obliged without hesitation. He even carried our drinks over.  

When we got to the bar, Lacey, the bartender, aggressively came up to us and asked if our bills were transferred, coming off as very aggressive and transactional. We told her Jeff brought us and even brought our drinks. 

Lacey never came up to us to see if we wanted anything, so we were confused if we should order from her or Jeff. Jeff came by and brought our food; I had the arepas, a special Jeff told us about, with tofu, and my friend had a Farmer's plate (eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast). 

My tofu didn't come, and I didn't want cold food, so after ten minutes, I went to Jeff to check on it. He told me it was coming. A manager (guessing, because he had an earpiece) brought it to me at the bar. 

The arepas were delicious, a simple dish with corn cakes and a few beans with corn sprinkled over it. The marinated tofu was a hit, juicy and flavorful. 

After being ignored by Lacey, we stopped her and asked her for a drink. She asked if our bar tab was transferred yet. She needed to work this out with Jeff, not us. She finally took our drink orders and was friendly for a few minutes. We were surprised and hoped that this would mean an improved level of service. 

We asked for the check and ordered another drink (had the $16 bottomless special). When we asked for another drink after signing our check, she said that we had to finish our current drinks. She took our signed checks. 

When we told her we were ready for our last mimosas, she said she was unable to serve us (despite ignoring over half of the time) because we already paid. Talk about mixed signals. Was our tip not good enough?

We saw Lacey chatting up and asking patrons whose orders originated at the bar if they wanted another drink. She even offered local bar recommendations to them. 

What kind of place has a bartender treat people like second class citizens because their order did not originate at the bar? That needs to be worked out among the staff. I spent $30 for corncakes (not including drinks). What a disappointing mess.
POOR SERVICE, OK FOOD: save your money and go elsewhere.

I was really looking forward to having brunch at the White Dog Cafe, having heard good things about it from friends.  The food was fine -- the cheese course, especially good.  However, service was terrible.  I mean, absolutely TERRIBLE.  From the moment we walked in, staff treated us with bored disdain.  The person at the host stand turned out to be a waiter, but if I am standing there and making eye contact and smiling at you and you can't seat me, then you should say, "The hostess will be right back and she can seat you" instead of looking right through me and, like the rest of the staff, acting bored.

Started with the cheese plate which was excellent.  My brunch companion's bolognese was perfectly adequate -- it didn't blow either of us away, but no complaints.  Then the trouble started.  I had ordered the Sausage and Biscuits and when it came out, I discovered that the kitchen had forgotten to include the sausage.  It was just biscuits, potatoes and some gravy.  I finally got the attention of our waitress (who never checked in on us, I had to wave my arms to get her attention) and told her that my entree was missing the sausage.  No apologies, nothing, just a monotone "I'll tell the kitchen."   Another 5 minutes before they bring me the sausage and the rest of my entree is now luke warm at best, the gravy having congealed into an unappetizing mess.  The sausage patties they brought me?   Cold.  Not room temp, but COLD, as if it just came out of the refrigerator.  And the person who brought it to my table?  Again with the attitude "Here's your sausage."  No, sorry for leaving out the main part of your dish.

This is the first time I have ever not given a tip for a meal.  But, if you give me zero service when the restaurant isn't even full, screw up my order, and fail to show any care at all for my dining experience, then the $50 we spent on brunch is more than enough.  Seems like the White Dog Cafe is all hype.
Back in the early '90's this place was truly innovative - and it still has many, admirable programs and activities.  We nicknamed the White Dog the "Adjective cafe".

A simple dish of corn frittersmight be labeled as:

"Warm fresh sweet corn and roasted red pepper fritters"

The entire menu was so loaded with adjectives that it was hard to find was the noun was!

Anyhow - the food was/is, indeed, very good and many of the ingredients are local or at least regional and organic whenever possible.  I really admire the work that White Dog has done and the viable business they have built.

Go, dog, go!
I have mixed feelings about White Dog - I've been there 10+ times in the past ~7 years or so for its convenient location on Penn campus, both as an undergrad (good old days!) and for business style "power" lunches with colleagues and professors.

I've found that service is pretty inconsistent and can be seemingly discriminatory depending on what kind of party the server deems you to be. I remember a few years ago, my friends and I went for their $12 bottomless drink special for weekend brunch, and the waiters stopped offering us drinks at one point and pretty much cut us off in a "I'm going to parent you" way ("this is the last one") even though we were not being rowdy nor rude. Fast forward a few months later when I was grabbing lunch with an older colleague, and they treated us as if we were in a fine dining environment.

With that said, the happy hour menu is pretty decent and offers good, quality food and drinks if you manage to grab a seat - it can get pretty crowded at the bar, though, so be early if you can.
Never take your food to go. This was a $50 dollar meal and looks like something I could make in 5 minutes at home
Honestly the food was AMAZING. The waiter however gave us the WORST service of my entire life. It was birthday and the waiter couldn't have been more miserable and nasty. I have been serving for years and never in my life have I experienced something as awful as this. We ordered the bottomless mimosas and sangrias and our waiter TOOK THE SANGRIA from my friends hand and told her with the most attitude only one drink at a time, she didn't even have time to tell him she would like to finish her drink before he could snatch it. Bottomless mimosas are supposed to be a fun experience yet i couldnt wait to get out of this place i just wanted to get my money's worth AND he dropped the check on his own time without asking us if we'd like another round. 

This was February 3rd and my reservation was at 12:45. And i will never be returning
Very unique decor in an old row house.  If you like dogs, you'll love the white dog cafe. 

Food-we had Sunday brunch and sampled a number of small plates.  Biscuits and gravy, very good.  Deviled eggs- very funky, presentation was awesome, but I wasn't a fan of the beet egg.  The pistachio egg was really good. Brie and strawberries were good, but the Brie was hard rather than a spreadable triple cream.  The truffle fries were not crispy and rather soggy.

Service - decent. We were seated promptly and drinks came quickly.  A little slow taking our order and our empty plates sat in front of us a little too long.  The food arrived quickly and drinks were refilled without a wait.

Overall - a really good effort.  I'd try again for a dinner service.  I recommend White Dog Cafe.
Wow if you have good memories of this place from its past don't spoil them  
the rolls were fresh and it was all down hill from there .  
Half a star for fresh rolls, the other half a star for the paintings.
Deserts were frozen.  Cauliflower was strangely sweet.  

Service was disinterested.
Oh, how I miss the White Dog. 4 fruitless years spent slaving away in Philadelphia and the only thing I learned was the glory and the greatness of the White Dog Cafe. The food, spectacular. The ambiance, charming. The staff, warm and welcoming. But the best part? The attached store, The Black Cat. Open late, packed with gems AND a selection of wacky hats? Yes, indeed. 
Stuffed and drunk, I'd select scented soaps and greeting cards and plastic chickens, peruse cookbooks and earrings and ceramic bowls covered in polka dots and peonies. I'd shop forever if I could. Well, I'd eat forever if I could, then I'd drink forever if I could, but given a third and final option, I would shop. And that, folks, is why I will forever treasure my time at the White Dog Cafe...
Hosted a group company dinner in the Oak room with 12 guests. We were all able to order ala carte off the menu. EVERYTHING was delicious - cheese board selection with accompaniments, pretzel bread with HONEY butter, deviled eggs, goat cheese whipped ricotta, mushroom soup (just ok), carrot ginger bisque, tempura shrimp bao buns, Smokey mac and cheese, crispy Brussel sprouts. Notable entrees - sweet pea ravioli, spicy lamb bolognese, salmon.  Creme brulee was delish. We also had them bake a chocolate cake that everyone enjoyed!

Service was top notch as well!
5/5 ambiance. Always such cute decor of dogs inside the restaurant! The outdoor seating is nicely set up as well.

4/5 service. On busy days, they take forever to get to your table and check up on you. But on other days they're okay. Other than not being as attentive, I think the waiters are always so friendly and nice.

3.5/5 food. I think the taste of some dishes always differs when I go, and this inconsistency made me want to take points off. My favorite is spicy lamb bolognese, but sometimes their portions are nice while other times they are too salty. The deviled eggs and cheeseboard were nice as dishes to share with the rest of the table!
Our family had plans to head to the zoo on Sunday and enjoy some spring weather, so we decided to go out to brunch first.  We found White Dog Cafe in U-City on OpenTable and made a quick reservation for 4.  

We were seated immediately and our waitress was really nice.  The brunch options seemed interesting - a the Kennett Square omelet caught my eye and my husband saw a spinach/goat cheese omelet the struck his fancy.  The host had said we had to verbally request the kids menu, so we did.  It was a bit disappointing - they had one item...I can't remember what it was, but all I could think was how do they not offer a simple scrambled egg? We ended up ordering the Churro Waffle for the kids to split - I requested no hazelnuts so we wouldn't scare them off, even though they're adventurous eaters. 

The food arrived fairly quickly and was warm, but that's where the excitement ends.  My omelet was overwhelmed with the onions and definitely not enough mushrooms. The potatoes sat untouched on my plate - they looked soggy and I'm a fan of crispy breakfast potatoes.  The kids waffle tasted like a donut, but arrived covered in hazlenuts.  I quickly hid them, but they didn't eat a lot of it, instead they ate our eggs.  

When we got the bill we were totally underwhelmed - over $50 for three breakfasts, an OJ, and two tiny kids milks.  Now, I'm okay with an expensive brunch, but it better be worth it.  This was just meh - nothing exciting, nothing fantastic.
I've been wanting to try the happy hour here for so long and finally had the opportunity to do it!  I made sure to get there early to get a seat at the bar because I knew happy hour was only offered there.  I would recommend coming with only a few people or getting there early to get seats, because they are limited.  

The restaurant is modern and chic, decorated with paintings of dogs along the walls.  I'm very much a dog person, so it's cool to have a spot that has some fun pet decor.  Even the staircase leading to the bathrooms has dog breeds written on each step!  The lighting hanging from the ceiling was really intricate and the bar was really attractive.  

My friend and I decided to get two appetizers to share, since everything was such a great price!  The fried pickles were crispy and had a tangy dipping sauce that matched perfectly with it.  We got a cheese board as well with a truffle cheddar, a crumbly goat, and a creamy goat Brie.  These cheeses were phenomenal and went perfectly with the sweet honey and jam they had to compliment it.  

We tried some cocktails next because they were only $5 a piece!  I got the Pawmagromit with vodka, pomegranate juice, honey, lime, and some sparkling wine.  This one was sweet and reminded me of a classic cranberry cosmo.  Next up I got the Dirty Dog with vodka, pickle brine and spicy pickled green beans.  This drink is definitely not for everyone but I was a HUGE fan!  Growing up my family made dilly beans, which are just pickled green beans, so I was ecstatic when I saw this on the menu!  Very strong and tart with a bit of tang from the spicy beans.  Next time I'll ask for extra green beans with my drink! 

We ended up staying for a while during happy hour and wanted to get something for dinner.  We couldn't pass up the double cheddar burger because it was only $10!  With onion, tomato, smoked bacon mayo, and cheddar cheese, this burger really hit the spot.  Just a heads up, this happy hour version did not come with the truffle Parmesan fries.  

This happy hour has amazing deals with versions from the classic menu and I would highly recommend it!  I will surely be back during this time again.
A cute, quaint cafe on Penn's campus. I had a delightful brunch at White Dog on a recent trip to Philly. Reasonably priced brunch cocktails and generous portions (I had the vegan breakfast burrito). Service can be slow, but it's great for a long, leisurely meal.
I waited a week to post my review of White Dog Cafe since there were some pending issues my wife and I were looking to address with White Dog Cafe Management and Fearless Restaurants Leadership.

My wife planned a surprise 30th birthday brunch for me with my family and close friends. While we often visit White Dog Cafe (all locations), refer family and friends to visit the establishment while having them ranked in my top five brunch places to go in Philly, this experience was by far the worst and unfortunately, I will never return to White Dog Cafe nor a Fearless Restaurant Establishment.

If you are looking to plan a private event with White Dog Cafe, you will be dealing with an event coordinator which also requires a small deposit for the event, which is pretty normal in this industry. Originally, our party size was 15 but due to unexpected events arising, the party size decreased to 10. While this is still a significant size, White Dog Cafe claims that one (1) waiter/waitress should be capable of handling the party on their own. My party was seated at 12:40 PM and ordered our beverages, it took nearly an hour (1:36 PM) to receive our drinks (bottomless mimosas which I can imagine should be relatively easy to make since it is the Sunday special and plenty of patrons were ordering it; I also had to ask our waitress 3 times for tea I ordered. Our appetizers, Duck Rillette (1), Deviled Eggs (2) and Cheese Plate (1) finally came out shortly after the drinks (1:40 PM). Our entrees arrived at 2:10 PM (an hour and a half after we were seated) with a few of our dishes being lukewarm to cool in temperature. After attempting to eat, many of my guests only took a bite or two and left feeling disgusted while having to find another place to eat. Due to the timing of our food arriving, 3 of my guests had to leave the restaurant to place additional money in the meter to avoid receiving a parking ticket.

After speaking with White Dog Cafe's host, manager and the private event coordinator, they offered to provide us with a $100 gift card to any Fearless Restaurant establishment despite spending nearly $500 in food and drinks. While I agreed that I should be responsible for the bottomless mimosas ($112), bellinis ($20) and sazerac ($13) for a total of $145 plus taxes, I do not agree on paying for the food that we barely ate ($232) nor the automatic gratuity that was charged ($83) due to the lack of communication provided by our waitress on the status of our food or simply offering something else why we waited.

I understand that people have bad days, the day was abnormally busy and the kitchen can get behind, but at minimum better communication could have been provided and me being responsible for our drinks is correct in my opinion, but the remaining $315 for our food and gratuity should be refunded (not provided in a gift card format). Receiving the refund provides me with the opportunity to choose if I want to patronize this restaurant again. The unfortunate part is that I was looking forward to visiting the other Fearless Restaurant establishments since my wife and I are only familiar with White Dog. We have spent hundreds of dollars with White Dog Cafe between our own dates, my wife having her Bridal Shower Brunch here less than a year ago, and referring people to the restaurant being one of my favorites in the city.

As I mentioned earlier in my review, White Dog Cafe WAS one of my favorite places to go for brunch in Philly. Due to the lack of empathy provided by my 30th birthday experience, I WILL NOT be patronizing any of their establishments.

PLEASE BE WEARY OF HOSTING A PRIVATE EVENT HERE...
I hosted a dinner for a group of 35 here last week in the Dens area.  It was a huge hit.  The atmosphere, service, and food was outstanding.  I couldn't have asked for anything more.
Cozy brunch spot with classic menu offerings near UPenn. 

Bottomless mimosa is $14 with a purchase of entree - uh sign me up please! A glass of mimosa is $8 so you can definitely get your money's worth if you get more than a glass. 

*Avocado BLT: recommend! More of a lunch option than a brunch, but it was my fav! Comes with a fat strip of bacon - yum. Good for sharing because you get 2 sandwiches. 

- Pork belly benedict: I got this because saw some Yelpers recommended it, but it was just alright. You get two fat pieces of pork belly that is seared on the top and cooked through. Egg benedict just looks like poached egg dropped on top of french toast type bread. Not very well seasoned either. 

My friend got the vegetarian option - philly "cheesesteak" and it looked amazing! HUGE, stuffed with mushrooms and vegges. 

Recommend reservations as this place gets PACKED. If you do not take advantage of the bottomless mimosas, you must have an exam the next day or be on-call for your ED shift.
This place was phenomenal. While visiting Philadelphia it was recommended to us and I'm so glad we went. The customer service was spot on, food recommendations spot on and one of the best meals I've had in a long time. The drinks were strong and the dessert I'm still craving more of. Everything was perfect. If they had a location in Vegas that would be awesome. Highly recommended if looking for a place to eat in Philly.
This place is good. I've been for both lunch and brunch and the food was definitely enjoyable. For brunch, got the fried chicken and biscuits - I know, how decadent. But, hey, if I'm going to combine two meals, I'm going to go crazy in what I order. I thought that as a brunch option, this was the perfect amount of food. I was stuffed after eating it and very happy with my decision to get it. Nothing that I've ordered from this place has ever been bad. I've taken my family and a few friends here and I think it's a great spot in University City to catch up with a friend or family member. I wouldn't say that it's good for groups. 

Overall, I'd say 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4 because of the way they've decorated this place. They stayed true to the name and there are little dog decorations all over the place. I especially like how the dining rooms are a little separated from each other, which makes it feel more intimate, but it's really cool because each room has it's own theme. When I came for brunch, we were sat in the tea room, which had a ceiling covered in upside down teacups. One word: ADORABLE.
I went to White Dog for brunch for the first time a few weeks ago. What seemed like a small pub type place actually turned out to be a very cute restaurant with tons of seating. Brunch started out with a special mimosa containing apple cider and aperol - delicious! They also gave us some bread (cake) and included gluten-free options a friend with allergies. I ended up choosing the Kennett Square omelet filled with mushroom, onion, and cheddar. Flavors were on point, but unfortunately the eggs were a bit runny.

I think the best thing about this restaurant is that their menu uses local food and changes constantly. Definitely recommend.
White Dog Cafe is best known for it's creative delicacies and warm atmosphere.  With main courses like Troll Caught Spiced Roasted Mahi Mahi Filet and  Low Country Spiced Crispy Pekin Duck Breast, you simply can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  A little expensive, but definitely worth a visit.
Based off of my entire group's experience, I would give this place a 3-stars. 
However, if judging solely from my experience- a four star would be reasonable. 

Visited White Dog Cafe for a friend's birthday brunch. Our party of 8 arrived around 1:30/2pm on a Sunday afternoon. This place was packed, but due to how spacious it is-- seating was readily available. (we did reserve prior to arriving).

The decor and overall vibe of this establishment is super cute. Each room tells it's on story, which I think is pretty cool. Service could have been a little quicker. However, Anya our waitress did the best she could handling the entire room by herself. 

The bottomless brunch is definitely their selling point. $16 for unlimited mimosas- can't really beat that price anywhere. 

I ordered their Tofu Scramble which came with a side of toast and home fries. The home fries were THE BEST I've had to date (I think it was the Yukon Potatoes they use that did it.) A friend and I also ordered a side of their truffle parmesan fries -this was also a winner.

My friends ordered a variety of items.. some enjoyed their meals more than others. 

For dessert we ordered the cookie jar. TBH, it was not worth the $9. It seem like they took cookies out of a package, threw it in a cookie jar and decided to sell them. 

The food was reasonably prices, gratuity is already included in the bill. I enjoyed my visit and will be back soon.
White Dog Cafe was really a spectacular experience. From the time we walked in to the time we left everyone had a great time. The place is nestled between a few other bars but is a standout. (Also made a brunch reservation)

The inside of the place is decked out with rustic dog art from top to bottom. There's a couple floors to explore, and I really enjoyed the lower one. Outdoor setting is also available. Brunch also has bottomless mimosas available. 

The food was outstanding. 10/10. I was being adventurous and opted for the Pork Belly Benedict (with some encouragement from our waiter Kevin who was the best). Some other highlights were the Omlettes and Biscuits and Gravy. 

I've been back twice and always recommend to friends.
Although I am giving this a 2 star rating, there were MANY positives about my experience here yesterday, with the exception of one, which I will get to after all of the positives.

I came here with a group of 5 yesterday for their bottomless brunch. The hostesses were very polite, and we sat right on time for our 11:45 reservation. Our waitress was fantastic. She was very attentive, friendly, and was quick to provide any drink refills. 

The table ordered a turkey club, chicken chilaquiles, ham and cheese quiche and the Lancaster County omelette. All of us were very happy with our orders. The food was great, the portions we're more than sufficient. The homemade salsa was also a big hit. 

After we finished our food, we were informed that we could continue drinking as long as we didn't close out the tab. The restaurant was also no longer filled at this time (around 1:30) so there didn't seem to be any rush. We ordered an additional two rounds, and with the second we asked to close our tab out. 

After the check was already signed, we were finishing our last round when the manager came by and asked us if we could finish up, as he had another reservation for 6 waiting for the table. It seemed like an odd request since there were more open tables in the room that could hold that party, but after about 2 hours it seemed like a reasonable ask. We hurried to finish our drinks and walked to the door, where wait for it...there was literally nobody waiting. 

It may sound silly, but the manager openly lying to us to get us out of the restaurant ruined an otherwise fantastic experience. If you are going to promote "bottomless brunch," you shouldn't lie to customers just to get them to stop having drinks (we did have 5-6 each, over 2 hours). Even in the instance that there was actually a table of 6 was waiting for our table, why not ask us to move to the (empty) bar until we were done so that they could turn the table over? I'd also like to note that we tipped on top of the 20% included gratuity to account for the time we were there, as well as the exceptional service from our waitress. There seemed to be a multitude of better ways he could have handled the request, but I'm not sure what he thought he had to gain by lying directly to our faces, but to each their own I guess. 

TL;DR

- Friendly hostesses/Great waitress
- Great food, with a good selection
- Working manager was a snake
Absolutely love it here. The ambiance is amazing and so unique. Service is always friendly. Food is absolutely phenomenal and the prices are very reasonable. 

Menu changes from time to time and is consistently interesting and dynamic - there's something for everyone. Excellent spot for lunch or dinner.
I was really excited about venturing across the river for Dining Days. The pre posted menu had me salivating and i already knew what i wanted before i even arrived.
Bonus points for the free beverage with a yelp check in.  
Though my meal was around 3.5 stars i chose to round down due to timing of everything. Each course took a little bit longer to receive making this a 2 hour dinner. I wouldn't have minded but the restaurant was pretty dead. 
I would probably consider trying white dog again if i have a few hours to kill.
Just received my credit card statement from the disaster dinner at White Dog. They charged me twice! Lovely to be charged over $2000 for a cruddy experience, even better to be charged twice for it. Obviously going to dispute the charge, but seriously, it just shows the level of incompetence at this restaurant. Run the other way folks.
Never returning 
Management never contacted us over their terrible attitudes and service 
Just an apology never came
Will continue to bad mouth you when given a chance
First of all, this $8 (pretax)for tepid fries needs to stop.  This is an absolute chronic issue they are apparently refusing to address. They have lost my loyalty. 

My 3/30/18 experience was by far the worst White Dog dining experience, but I am going to write it off as a fluke. We were there for almost two hours (upon seating) for one mocktail, a soup, a small lamb bolognese, sandwich, and fries. And it was not packed either. Actually very off- peak hours I've ever seen.  We at the bar which was probably less than half full.

The Poochie Bang Bang mocktail was very good - Mango purée and passion fruit purée with lime- not too sweet and not too tart.

We subbed fries for chips for pulled pork sandwich. The fries came out with the Spring Onion Soup, but we learned later that those fries were not supposed to be ours. The fries were given to the wrong patrons. It was supposed to be for the gentleman next to us. These fries, again were cold. We were going to send it back like we usually do, but we didn't this time considering we stole someone else's order by mistake. Criminals have no recourse. The other gentleman on the other hand, had to wait almost another 15-20 minutes for his fries. That was all he ordered. We felt so bad for the error, but we also felt like we did him a favor since the fries were cold and hopefully his will come out hot lol.

The spring onion soup was only OK. Not the best soup or most flavorful they have. The mushroom soup definitely reigns. The soup took a while to come too.

The pulled pork sandwich and Lamb bolognese took a very  long time to come after the soup. We have may have waited at least another 15-20 minutes before the entree came. 

The pulled pork was very good. It wasn't my meal, but I do recommend it. And my a pulled pork fanatic, but it's very savory and the bread was nicely toasted.

Do not get the small portion of the lamb bolognese. It is literally a joke... especially for $16. It may be a little over one cup worth of cooked large rigatoni noodles (without sauce). I would stick to the large portion. At least you will walk out full or with leftovers. With that said, I was still there for hungry. So we asked to add on another order of fries.

I think the fries experience for this visit is what did the ultimate damage. I think we may have waited an additional 15 to 20 minutes at the very least just for these fries. By the time it came we finished our pasta and sandwich AND we paid the bill... so I was losing my temper.

We were so close to walking out, but our waitress Colleen at the bar was very nice and she was definitely trying. I have no idea what happened to management today. Fries really shouldn't take this long. We also overheard another person make the same comment about the wait time for fries. That's at least three tables and that's just at the front bar. I started fussing to my bf how the fries will be cold again since it almost always is and how I'm getting fed up with paying $8 for cold fries ($5 during happy hour). We've eaten hear dozens of times and get fries everytime (either as additional side or it comes with it) and we send it back almost everytime due to temperature dissatisfaction. They'd be lukewarm at best.

She ended up not charging for the additional order of fries and the mocktail which I did not realize until she brought out the tab. We ended up getting the fries to go since I really had to get back to work. It's like a 5 minute walk. And the fries were still hot. :-) 
So pretty much with hot fries and the over-compensating with the on-the-houses, I got over it immediately. I wasn't expecting to get anything taken off at all, so that was more than kind of her.

If White Dog can just get better about the QC of the fries temperature, it would have a solid. As aforementioned, I'm definitely writing off the wait time that day as an absolute fluke. No issues with the service from our waitress. Almost two hours is a long time for what we ordered during off-peak hours. We've been there shorter during peak hours plus wait time to be seated.

Bacon is not thick cut. It practically has the same thickness as the packaged Hormel bacon.

Oysters are so tiny it almost blends into its own shell. 

The mushroom soup and corn poblano soup, quiche, and Lamb Bolognese is what is saving them from a 2 Star.
Some gal pals and I had brunch here and were seated pretty quickly on a Saturday morning! Our waitress, Anya, was super helpful and knew all about the menu. We each loved our meals and the vibe of our room. What a fun hidden gem in University City! 

The Tex Mex Breakfast was on point and had just enough spice/kick (but not tooo spicy). I didn't get the potatoes but everyone else said they were perfectly seasoned & sauteed.
If you want to try White Dog, go for brunch on Saturdays or Sundays! Honestly, I never find dinner to be worth the price (unless you have a 1000-point OpenTable reservation at 9:30 PM on a weekday) and lunch isn't too special.

White Dog rotates the menu, so you can keep coming back and ordering the new, freshest dishes. I've never heard a complaint about any of their brunch dishes, so I recommend them all! The portions are pretty large, especially for heavier dishes like biscuits and gravy.

I cannot say this enough times: bottomless mimosas, Bloody Marys, greyhounds, and sangria during weekend brunches for $12. BOTTOMLESS FOR $12. This means you can literally just get two drinks and get your money's worth... but we know we're all getting at least four or five.

The servers are very nice and polite, but I think they sometimes have too many tables to deal with, especially at popular brunch hours. You have to wait a while to get your drinks sometimes, so just order in advance--they'll let you keep multiple glasses if you're working on 'em.

White Dog comes off as one of the nicer places on campus... a lot of more mature folks and law students can be spotted here. Feel free to invade during brunch (drunch?) hours anyway.
The food is priced double what it's worth. My waitress was rude & tried to charge me double for a dish. When I confronted her with the mistake, she tried to accuse me of misunderstanding. Mediocre food for the price, horrendous service
Cute, trendy and quirky brunch place that has fun dog-centered decor. I made an online reservation and noted to be seated in "a bright area." It was busy for a Sat morning so we had to wait 10 minutes to be seated. Unfortunately they initially sat us downstairs in the basement which I had to ask to be moved since I put my preference down ahead of time, so there could be improvement on their system. The staff are generally friendly and  since they seem busy, they do not come by as often, however it is great if you want to have conversation, enjoy brunch and coffee at a leisure pace. The food is fresh and portioned perfectly so you do not need to fear for overeating or feeling bloated. My friend enjoyed it a lot and I'll definitely bring people here again.
I came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon in a group of 7. We made a reservation in advance, and I'm really glad we did, because it was super crowded. The space is so beautiful - all of the rooms are furnished uniquely with dog decor in a classy, tasteful manner. We were seated in "The Study," a relatively new addition to the space, and it was a really nice room with a ton of natural light.

We split a few starters - two orders of the Heirloom Tomato & Burrata (with torn basil, pink peppercorn, smoked sea salt, and aged balsamic) and an order of the Roasted Garlic Hummus (with eggplant caviar, tomato-herb salad, and extra virgin olive oil). Both were absolutely amazing!

For the main meal, I got the Kennett Square Mushroom Soup (with truffle crème fraiche, and snipped chives) as well as the Summer Vegetable Arepas (charred corn, black bean, and zucchini salsa, queso blanco, and avocado). The mushroom soup was creamy and delicious, and the arepas were good, but not quite as flavorful as I was expecting (I had pretty high expectations after the two shared plates and the mushroom soup).

We had a birthday in the group, so we told the waitress, and she brought out the Chocolate Haze (with vanilla creme brûlée and coffee ice cream) with "Happy Birthday" written out on the plate in chocolate. The dessert was absolutely incredible - a perfect balance of flavors.

If you have the extra money to spend, I definitely recommend White Dog for a great dining experience and delicious food!
I'm with Puja. I don't believe the hype about this place. After visiting one of the restaurants they are associated with "Cabbages and Condoms" in Bangkok, I was expecting more.

We went a few weeks ago with our 9-month old baby and a student of mine who was celebrating his 10th birthday. We sat in the back room (highlight since it was cozy) and the babe was fine. However, the 10-yr old was treated like a misfit when he asked questions about the food.  The food was overpriced in my book, based on taste and quantity. 

Plus side: interesting options and good presentation.

The kicker: poor 10-yr.old was not even invited to enjoy a cupcake or dessert, though they knew we were there for his birthday.
Such a cute place for brunch! The bottomless drinks were delicious and SO cheap, only $16 with any meal. There was a good variety of drinks too, my favorite was the champagne + lemonade mix (forgot what it's called). Although we really liked the ambience and the drinks, the food was average - not amazing but not horrible. We will definitely be back for bottomless brunch again soon :)
The complimentary bread is amazing.  It is is warm and fluffy and really tasty - definitely not like the plain white bread. I came hear for brunch on Sunday and got the buttermilk pancakes sprinkled with powdered sugar and fresh diced strawberries with a generous dollop of whipped basil ricotta for $13.  Three may (or may not) seem like a lot, but these guys definitely hit the spot. 

Mushroom soup and corn poblano soup is an absolute must-have.  Both soups are very creamy.  There's no chucks of anything (nothing wrong with that). The mushroom soup has creme fraiche and it's so delicious.  The corn poblano soup is topped with some chili oil and gives it a nice kick. Both soups have very smooth textures.

Lamb bolognese is also delicious.  I recommend the larger portion.  The small one is like a lunch portion. 

They also have unlimited Bloody Mary, sangria, and mimosa on Sunday's ...absolutely worth it. They make pretty tasty bloody Marys.

Service has consistently been great, except we often get cold truffle parmasean fries :( but when they remake it (which they've always been super nice about) , it's amazing.  They are thin cut fries.
i seriously don't get why people love this place...  i mean, it's decent.  i've had brunch and dinner there, and yes, it's fresh and organic-y.

but my chicken was still too pink for my liking.  and my breakfast burrito-esque thing?  i could probably get that anywhere.
When the server starts to rattle off the specials, you probably do what I do at most restaurants - Pretend to listen intently but you're gonna order that thing that you decided on already anyways. You might say "sounds great" oh "oooohhh" in a soft voice(but loud enough for your date to hear you), but we all know these to be silly platitudes.

This is not the case at White Dog Cafe. I had the opportunity to delve in to some extraordinary specials at a recent dinner there. I don't really remember exactly what they are called so we're gonna have to go by descriptions here-

heirloom tomato toybox - Asparagus, delightfully tempura-ized on one half and left naked towards the leafy portion, forms a square fort around a delicious mozzarella/tomato salad that is both a delight in taste and presentation. The dressing is light and doesn't make me feel like I'm drinking trans fats with my vegetables. I took a photo that should be attached to this review.

the thing with the udon noodles - Take two of the most delicious pork belly pieces in Philly, put them on top of buckweat noodles, drench that shit in bacon broth, and add some hot sauce. Oh yeah, I said bacon broth. This is the singular most impressive dish I've had in a Philadelphia restaurant since I first had Han Dynasty's Dan Dan noodles and if you are a follower of my reviews, that is an impressive accolade. 

the ravioli - some sort of meat-stuffed ravioli with a robust tomato sauce served atop magic vegetables. I took a photo of this one as well.

This review is getting lengthy so I'll summarize the rest:
Dandelion salad - great, unique.
lobster mac n cheese - good, heavy.
seitan dosa - good, unique.
fried cauliflower- best fried cauliflower outside of Zahav.

Semifreddo beats chocolate torta at dessert.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is I Am the Devil but every character is now on rocket packs in every scene.
Peel away all the pretension and the food's interesting and good.  The tables are way too close together and it's too loud!
My bf and I have been together for awhile, and we finally decided that our parents should finally meet one another - a feat that was not easy to accomplish. After much consideration, and his parent's suggestions, we ended up going to the White Dog Cafe for lunch together.

It was a really nice spot for our occasion: small and nice with a homey feel, a laid back vibe that was perfect for easy conversation. We were seated downstairs, which was quieter than the upstairs area that includes a bar, however we did have a view of the back alley where supplies were coming in for the kitchen. Our waiter was nice and attentive, quickly placing and bringing our order and checking up on us occasionally. 

The food was really good - nice cafe style soups, salads, sandwiches and entree type dishes as well. And since there's a bar, they offer alcohol in the cafe so my parents got to enjoy a cocktail with their meal. Everything was really good, we tried a butternut squash soup, spinach and goat cheese salad, grilled chicken salad, omelet and an asian beef noodle stew. The menu we saw was shorter than what's listed on their website, but I have no idea why. But its a pleasant place to have a good meal and only spend a moderate amount of money.
It's not that I overly hate White Dog. Far from it! It's just that a 20 year history in an ever evolving spot like West Philadelphia can make a place feel like a withered dinosaur.
It's always been a great restaurant with a lot of cool innovations (and some interestingly themed dancing nights) But in the span of it's 20 year existence Philadelphia just happened to see a Steven Starr who WASN'T involved in the restaurant business. His first Restaurant (The Continental) opened in 1993. 15 more restaurants since, a few Zagat ratings here and there, and I think you've heard of the guy by now. 
So what am I saying? even Timely old Philly institutions like Silk City have seen significant face lifts since then. The overall face of Philadelphia restaurants have seen some milestone changes ever since the days that White Dog has been on top, and thats the only thing that really hurts it. But it's still a great spot.
If your looking for the fanciest of restaurants that provides you with a work of art that you can eat go elsewhere. But if your looking for timely old food that you can easily recognize on your plate. And a cool Philly restaurant with a tiny bit of history (and some fun nights) then this is your place.
The White Dog cafe is a pretty cozy little restaurant if you can stomach an abundance of Penn Students.  Their food is high quality, much of it organic and Earth friendly.  The outdoor seating is nice too when it's not ass-numbingly cold outside.  

I like grass-fed meat, organic vegetables and whole grain options available on a restaurant menu.  I'm also a big fan of small plate dishes, which White Dog has available in abundance.  If it weren't in U-City, I'd probably find myself there more often.
I was extremely satisfied with my white dog dining experience... until the bill arrived.  Yes, that moment is always un-enjoyable for the diners, but what made it a turning point for this meal was realizing the price-value ratio of White Dog is just way off.  Have no fear, as our server did nothing wrong, I ensured I would not hold my shock against him.  

Arriving as a pair, we enjoyed two entrees, the Lamb Bolognese and the Salmon.  Outside some slightly under-cooked pasta, both were done to our liking, but certainly not 5-star like.  The portions were also a bit on the smaller side.  As Cat D. put it, I was neither over nor under whelmed, just "whelmed".

Back to the arrival of the bill... the total would make me believe I had an unforgettable meal, which clearly was not the case.  Was it an off-day for White Dog?
I've been here a couple of times with my family for brunch/dinner and they've never disappointed. I think I like this place a lot because it reminds me of my hometown in Chester County where there are many similar places like this. It's very rustic and homey. The floorboards creak, the rooms are tiny & intimate, and the service is super friendly. Everythign is very clean and neat but still has that down home vibe. Food is deliscious and all fresh-farm grown and free range. Definitely a spot to go for nice Sunday brunch with family or a significant other.

I'm seeing a lot of reviews after July 2009 that say this place has gone down hill. i haven't been to since around early-summer but I hope that isn't the case.
