O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay! He chortled in his joy.
Oh happy day! Oh scrumptious day! Winkel is open again 
Sayeth this beamish boy!

Maybe I'm just a self deluding fool, but every damn day of the pandemic, I have tried to have some semblance of pleasant normality in my life. Some days have been easier than others; many days were duds. But today...

Ah! Today...

Pre-pandemic, the monthly mani/pedi and a once a week visit to Winkel were normal, regular parts of my life. In fact, Winkel was the last place I ate before lock down in March. 

I enjoyed my once a month mani/pedi this morning with unicorn sparkle polish on my fingers and toes, then I took one of my favorite strolls down Locust St. from Rittenhouse to the Gayborhood to dine outdoors at Winkel. Today was Winkel's re-opening for take out and outdoor only, no reservation dining. Tables are set up in the shade, safely distanced and servers were all masked. 

Hospitable owner/chef, Joncarl, the man with the Jupiterean presence, hearty laugh and infectious jovilality, was not in residence. Gabe, however, greeted me warmly, showed me to a table of my chosing and gave me a disposable menu. While this was the breakfast/brunch menu and there were no specials of the day, the menu was still full of old favorites so I vacillated between blackberry bacon pancakes and the smash burger. Smash burger won.

Gabe chatted with me briefly and what I call The Winkel Warmth was still very much in evidence here, along with delicious, generous portions of food. My lunch plate, served to me at a safe distance, held a nice mound of subtly seasoned smashed potatoes (no need for ketchup), a simply dressed salad that was a perfect foil to the rich, 'snake jaw' two patty burger on a soft, toasted bun dressed with pickles, bacon, onion jam and Brie. Bliss on a plate.

Gabe was solicitous but never hovered. I felt perfectly content and safe eating here again after a 6 month hiatus. It was just like pre-COVID days; a relaxed, happy me, reading my New Yorker magazine, basking in the soft hum of Locust Street, the ambient chatter of other satisfied diners and delicious comfort food in front of me on a beautiful day that felt absolutely, perfectly normal. Other than the masks. 

Part of a great dining experience for me is not the just food but the camaraderie. After getting plops of onion jam and burger juice on my magazine, using the last of the pillowy bun to get every morsel of escaped tastiness into my maw, refreshing myself with constantly topped up ice water, I was delighted to see and catch up with my favorite server, Deb, and to pass the time with Bob, Joncarl's husband. As a former bartender/waiter/caterer, I always go out of my way to be polite to my fellow hospitality workers but as an introvert, making small talk is just plain work. Not today. It felt like effortlessly being back with extended family. 

If you have been keeping yourself indoors for safety reasons, please venture out (safely masked) to your favorite restaurant again. It lifted my spirits immeasurably to dine at Winkel after 6 months of my own cooking. It felt like my city was coming back to life. It felt like I was coming back to life.

If you've never been here-this is the perfect place to break your long sheltering/eating in place. The food is wonderful. The warmth is priceless.

IF YOU ARE ABLE-Support businesses that have been closed for 6 months. Support people who have been out of work for 6 months. Support business owners who have tried to keep their staff with some sort of income for 6 months. Support the economy of this city.

WELCOME BACK WINKEL!
I knew Winkel was going to be good but I was really blown away. We went on opening day and I could not tell they opened hours before we arrived. We were greeted immediately by our cheerful waiter and opted to sit outside. My only complaint is I wish there was more covering (i.e. umbrellas or an extended awning) in the outside area. The sun in the city can be so hot.

Everything on the menu looked amazing but our waiter suggested the Deep Fried French Toast. It was SO decadent and delicious. It had a beautiful thin crispy crust and the bread even had strawberries in it. The french toast was surrounded by a pool of almond custard that was so light. It was topped with homemade whipped cream that (thankfully) didn't have any sugar in it.  

My fiance had the Parker House Roll Breakfast sandwich which should be in the running for the best breakfast sandwich in the city. I do not know how Chef Joncarl made that bacon but OMG was it amazing.  Don't even get me started on the aioli and the cheese.

They also have their own nitro brew coffee which is so smooth.  Service was impeccable.  I cannot wait to go back!
Amazing food and service is impeccable! 

Came in for a Saturday morning brunch and left completely satsified. Service from start to finihs was great we never needed anything, and didnt wait too long for the waitress to come over to help us. The service was on point here and we were able to get seated and served in a timely manner, even though the place was a bit packed already. 

The decor and environment is very clean, spacious and bright. Tables are set up nicely and you have a ice amount of space in between each table. 

When it came to the food, we got the scrapple to share, which to me was the star of the meal! deep fried and crispy but not soaking with oil- it was cooked perfectly. We also got pancakes, and a special french toast, which was called the everything french toast, which was made up of different types of pastries- yea it tasted as good as it sounded! Kinda like a piece of heaven in your mouth! The french toast was so good, but also so filling and it was a huge portion! We shared the french toast between 2 people and still had leftovers! 

This place is worth the 5 star rating, since the service was outstanding and the food was a perfect match as well!
Definitely a fan of this new brunch spot. The space is large and open with simple decor. I ate here on a weekday and there were lots of tables, but I imagine it gets crowded on the weekends since it is in a great location.

Everyone working here was very friendly and service was great. The menu is large and has a wide range of things to pick from. They also had a few specials of the day. 

Everything sounded good, but I went with a mushroom and goat cheese omelette. It was delicious and overflowing with lots of seasoned mushrooms and cheese. Eggs were fluffy and well made. I also really liked the potato hash and side salad it came with, which was well dressed. I got a side of bacon which was really delicious- I think it was caramelized with sugar and I'm here for it. My friend also enjoyed her beet and gouda salad. 

Prices were reasonable and a perk is that it's BYO and they take credit cards! Much better than some of the other brunch places in the area. I'll definitely be back!
Oh YES!

Since I'm quite lazy and it was hot today, after I finished up with my massage and pedicure, my mind was making numerous excuses not to walk the 6 blocks to have a late-ish lunch at Winkel. I told it to shut up and set out over to Locust St. and off towards the Gayborhood. Glad I did for so many reasons, one being that until I am actually on that street, it always slips my memory how charming Locust is and how much I enjoy strolling it. 

Winkel looks pleasant as one approaches. Blue awnings with the restaurant name in white, yellow tulips, big windows, outdoor seating. It's welcoming.

The place was buzzing when I arrived. I was greeted and seated by Bob, Joncarl Lachman's husband, who was on the floor serving. He's very sweet. The menu is all day breakfast and lunch which is a delight. If you feel like eggs at 2 p.m., they have you covered. Same with a salad for breakfast. They gotcha. None of that, "oh, we stopped serving waffles/eggs/pancakes at 10 a.m." High five to breakfast until 3.

The deep fried French toast sounded decadently good but as I said, it was hot, I'd already had a big breakfast hours earlier and I really do love a salad. While I sometimes make them at home, my own cooking bores me no matter what I prepare. A huge salad for one, with all the ingredients and textures I like in it, needs to be prepared and eaten all in the same day so to me, it's usually more of a bother than a treat. In light of that, I chose the beet and gouda salad and iced tea. Service was quick (Bob again) and Joncarl was also on the floor, pouring iced tea and coffee, introducing himself and chatting with diners. Both men are extremely hospitable and it did not feel "new restaurant put on a happy face" false. 

My iced tea was bottomless and very good-no sugar or lemon, just clear, brisk tea over ice, the way I make it myself. Not over steeped nor did it taste like old, over brewed Lipton with a few ice cubes thrown in. 

The salad was also how I like to compose mine-a heaping pile of mixed greens (only minor complaint-lose that frisee-though it's just a personal gripe), nicely but not soggily dressed with a sweet and sour dressing and on top of as well as hidden in the green depths were bite size chunks of roasted red beets, mandarin orange sections, long and plentiful shreds of gouda cheese and lots and lots of walnut halves with not a bitter one among them. What I really loved was when I was getting down to the last of the lettuces, there was still plenty of the "good stuff" on my plate. So, you don't just get a lot of rabbit food with a little bit of the expensive stuff topping it just for show. 

It wasn't just a delicious, refreshing salad that made me enjoy my visit. This place exudes good cheer and welcome. There's well modulated, mixed aka eclectic background music playing, decoration is minimal but well done-more blue and white, including Dutch looking tiles below the open kitchen area-and my 2 favorites-a blown up photo of an old Citroen and the phrase "eet smakelijk" (enjoy your meal) in bold caps on one wall. It's all very much a  mix of the right elements-well prepared, simple food that is tweaked and elevated up several notches, attentive, cheerful service, a bright, spacious room that isn't too loud for contemplation and conversation, even when at capacity and a great place for people watching. I read, I mused, I ate, I sipped my iced tea (and hooray-they use paper straws here!), I looked out the window. I was content. No rushing to turn over the table. No push to order more food. Everything was relaxed and came together blissfully to make the absolute perfect stop on my day off. If those elements are not in the mix, no matter how good or exotic the food, no matter how fabulous the rugs, the trendiness of the art on the walls, the quality of the marble bar or how famous the chef is, the whole thing falls flat. 

One server asked if I'd like the Dutch apple cake for dessert. I hesitated because my late mother made this every week for years and it was dreadful. So bad I have not eaten it since high school. I hesitated, then said yes. Good choice. This was almost pure apple, thinly sliced and layered, most of the sweetness coming directly from the fruit, not from a gravy boat full of sugar. Just barely held together with some buttery batter. It was spiced lightly and topped with a hearty dollop of unsweetened whipped cream. The first forkful made me sigh with pleasure. I told the server when she checked back with me that this version had completely cured me of decades of bad Dutch apple cake PTSD. We both laughed. She was planning on having the last piece. 

Van Morrison did a song on the album Avalon Sunset back in 1989 called Coney Island. As I left Winkel with a lighter step and headed out into the late afternoon, I was reminded of the last verse in that song "...Wouldn't it be great if it was like this all the time..." 

Don't miss Winkel! Thank me later. : )

I will certainly be returning.
tl;dr this minimalistic, Dutch-themed brunchery is a niche addition to the Philadelphia breakfast scene

I recall salivating as soon as I heard that the producers of Noord, one of my absolute favorite restaurants in the city, would be launching a breakfast-and-brunch-only joint in the Gayborhood. I've waited patiently for nearly a year, and just finally had the chance to try Winkel out for brunch. Funnily enough, I walked past Green Eggs (and what looked to be an hour-plus queue) en route, then waited no more than 10 minutes for my table at Winkel.

The decor lies somewhat between minimalistic and unfinished. The space itself is enormous, split into two separate rooms. The first is an entrance / lobby, larger than the likes of Ants Pants, with a few still-plastic-wrapped tables and chairs sitting in the corner. In the main dining room, the wait staff races around the sea of wooden tables and wicker chairs. The blue and grey walls are decorated with a few large black-and-white prints, as well as all-caps Dutch pleasantries "Welkom" (welcome) and "Eet Smakelijk" (enjoy your meal). A tile backsplash borders a magnificent open kitchen, while doily curtains cover the towering bay windows.

The food ran the gamut from awesome to mediocre. My partner and I began our meal with Jonathan's Grilled Bread. The portion was gigantic -- almost as though the chefs took a loaf of bread and cut it long-ways. The seasonal cranberry bread was served alongside an outstanding berry-molasses jam. (I'm honestly kicking myself for not ordering another side of this.) The rye-based bread had a great flavor, but I wish it was toasted.

Afterward, we split the Fried Oysters Omelet and the Shrimp & Dutch Grits. The omelet was thick but had shockingly little oyster. I found it difficult to get more than a few bites that had all of the different ingredients in them. And, unfortunately, the fried oysters fell flat, becoming a soggy mess in the omelet. The unseasoned potatoes and side salad with only a light vinaigrette were similarly forgettable. But the saving grace of our meal was a surprisingly awesome rendition of traditional shrimp and grits. Sporting an aromatic dill-based red sauce, the huge serving of not-gritty grits was topped with a generous handful of large shrimp and whole, roasted tomatoes. The side of crisp pumpernickel toast was a perfect utensil for my DIY open-faced sandwich. I found myself scraping even the last bits of grits and sauce off my plate, while my partner picked at our only partially-finished omelet.

We spent $50 after tax and tip, somewhat less than the prix-fixe brunch rate if you're not feeling coffee or juice. I'd dare to be back for another whirl, but I'll be steering clear of the omelets, which seem only to be a less intimidating option to the novice bruncher. Instead, catch me leaning toward the more adventurous dishes, since I feel that these are the ones where the kitchen can truly showcase Dutch flavors.
Came here on Saturday for brunch. They don't take reservations so we wanted to go early around 11am so we could get seated quickly. The waitress had told us 30min wait but we ended up not getting seated until around 12pm. By then there were less crowds. I would suggest coming at 12 noon if you're not a morning person - or come even earlier before 10:30am to avoid the long wait. 

I got the banana bread pulled pork topped with sunny side egg - which was their special of the week (or month?). It tasted so amazing!! Probably one of my top favorite brunch dish I've eaten. I don't know if I can find this anywhere else or how much longer it'll be on their special menu. The portions were huge and I was able to bring 1/4 of it to-go for another small meal. Was totally worth the wait, it's also BYOB so we bought our sparkling wine with us to enjoy with the meal. 

My friend got the other special of the day, which was a pesto frittata? It looked really good... but it comes with a salad so if you're hungry you might wanna order something else. The waiter ended up giving us extra potato on the side because they forgot the special only comes with salad. (Super nice of them!). Their potatoes are amazing!

Overall had a great experience minus the long wait but it's not something they can control. I can see why they are so popular because the staffs are super friendly and food is delicious! Highly recommend. Just wish they take reservations.
Whaaaat?!

Someone in the kitchen is a Spud Lord or a Tuber Goddess. The always dependable, comforting and pleasantly tasty side potatoes have been elevated to new heights. Chunks of softly cooked onions are making an appearance like never before. As a lover of the pomme de terre who rarely cooks them at home, I was gobsmacked the last time I ate at Winkel by someone's most delightful hand with aardappels. 

All the food at Winkel is scrumptious but those potatoes? Imagine the old movies where the paper bag plain librarian takes the pins out of her French twist, lets her locks tumble past her shoulders and removes the horn rimmed glasses that have been hiding sparkling, long lashed blue green eyes. Why....Ms. Potato...(gulp) you're, you're... GORGEOUS!

I'm newly smitten!
Solid brunch spot - I'm sure this place sees a lot of business on the weekends. The one downside to the food we ordered was that, on the whole, everything was really salty. I was downing water like crazy. 

- Crab cake eggs benny. Eggs were poached perfectly with picture-ready yolkiness. But the crab cake, oh boy, was very salty. The only way to get around the saltiness was to douse it in the hollandaise sauce. 

- I wasn't sure what I'd be getting with the smorrebrod. Turned out to be three thick-cut slices of the Johnny's bread (hearty and grainy) topped with smoked fish and some sort of lemon-y caper sauce. The bread was absolutely delicious, though oily, but the sauce was again extremely salty. I loved the side salad, which came with pickled cucumbers and tomatoes - I could have eaten a whole bowl of just that. 

The croissants they had on display looked great. Both indoor and outdoor seating.
Wow.   We knew this was a going to be a great place when we first heard about the opening. We are longtime friends and followers of Joncarl and Bob. On a personal note they are both the nicest guys and we are lucky to call them friends.  On the business side they are the nicest guys and we are lucky to call them friends. 

Their establishments have proven over and over to be a warm welcoming place for all. You walk in and they both make you feel like a part of their extended family.  Winkel is inviting and has a great relaxing atmosphere. 

Now the food. Beyond 5 stars. Promise you will not leave hungry but you will leave wanting to come back for more.  Deep fried bread pudding French toast is crazy delicious. Pancakes etc yummy.  Then the great big breakfast.  Yes we tried it all and enjoyed every bite. 

Wait staff could not have been any nicer.  Peter who was our waiter took great care of us like he knew us for years.   He's a great addition to Winkel and will be great with all the customers.   Seth and I wish everyone much success.
Bottom Line:  Delicious, comforting food, sometimes with a German twist, and excellent service.

My husband and I went to Winkel for a late Saturday brunch.  We encountered multiple employees and everyone was so attentive and friendly.  We felt very welcome on our first trip to Winkel.

Super hungry we were ready to chow down!  I had the Belgian waffle with braised fried chicken and it was sooo good!  The chicken was tender and flavorful and paired nicely with the texture of the waffle.  The gravy, syrup and whipped cream all went along with the dish nicely. My husband had the Parker House Sandwich and it might have been even better.  I'm not usually into breakfast potatoes but I couldn't keep my hands out of his!

We had a great experience and hope to visit again.
Winkel is a great no-frills brunch spot. They have lots of great options and classic breakfast fare, so you really can't go wrong. I had the leek and goat cheese omelette which was fabulous, and the goat cheese ratio was perfect. The toast, salad, and breakfast potatoes made it a very satisfying meal. There are also a few benedicts to choose from for all the eggs benedicts fans out there, and my friend loved hers. The staff is also very pleasant and they made it a fun atmosphere.

Winkel is BYOB so be sure to pick up your champagne ahead of time! ;)
Came to Winkel with my friend after wanting to try this place for so long! Soo amazing! I ordered the smoked salmon benedict and the flavors of all the components worked so well together! The hollandaise sauce was creamy and paired well with the acidic, fresh dressing on the salad. The potatoes added so much flavor too as I was able to soak up the savory potatoes with runny egg yolk and hollandaise sauce.
Hands down my new favorite brunch spot! I did the prix-fixe brunch on a Sunday morning. It was beautiful weather so my boyfriend and I sat outside. The price-fixe brunch includes Jonathan's grilled bread, coffee/tea/soda, small juice, and your choice of entree. Coffee is refillable! And also, it is BYOB!

Jonathan's grilled bread with the house made jam and butter was such a great starter to your meal. It was so good, I wished I could've taken some home. I ordered the mustard crisped crab cake benedict and it really melted in my mouth. It is seasoned with old bay, I think this is what makes it taste great. I am picky about my crab cakes, but this is the best one I've had in philly. Just 1 crab cake was filling enough for me, but the meal comes with 2. My boyfriend ordered the braised & fried chicken, scrapple gravy, and maple syrup. This was also very filling. The whipped cream added was a nice touch and it is definitely not from a can. Everything just tastes authentic and everything is worth every penny.

Service A+! Friendly staff and very attentive. I left feeling very full and satisfied. I have no complaints at all about Winkel. I highly recommend and will definitely be returning to try the other items on the menu!
First time here thanks to a nudge from weekly Yelp email. What a great breakfast place! Bright, sunny, attractive space with open kitchen. Cloth napkins. Very pleasant staff. Delish coffee. Interesting menu. I had seasonal vegetables with sunny side eggs on top, with a side salad. Husband had pancakes. Real butter and syrup. All excellent. Breads from Northside. BYOB. 

Bathrooms spacious, gender neutral and handicap accessible.
Cute brunch spot! The food was good but pretty normal. A few dishes were a little salty. We got there at 2:30 and there was no wait time. The service was quick. 

The bathrooms do not have a changing room which was very annoying.
My boyfriend and I stopped in for brunch! Super savory and filling options. 

I ordered the crabcake Benedict which was a refreshing change from salmon. The crabcake was on the saltier side and overpowered the sauce and eggs.

My  boyfriend ordered the Belgian waffle with braised chicken. The gravy complimented the sweetness of the waffle well! 

I love that when I ordered bacon extra crispy that it actually came out well done to my liking! 

The flavors of the food here were all-around satisfying.
My friend and I went to Winkel for BYOB brunch on a Thursday and the entire experience was excellent! Our server was very friendly and helpful. Both our meals were delicious and the OJ provided for our champagne was just the right amount. Can't wait to return soon!
Beautiful restaurant with large windows, an open kitchen and faux tiling inspired by Portugal. The menu had a series of items ranging from the most classic American breakfast pairing of eggs, a meat, potatoes and toast to a classic Mediterranean breakfast of shakshouka. Today i opted for the cremini mushroom and goat cheese omelette which came with potato's and salad and for a beverage I chose coffee. 

We came on a Thursday late morning around 11am so we were seated immediately and the food arrived so quickly! I also thought our server Rory was super pleasant and happy to make recommendations which is always a plus! 

On to the food review: The coffee was actually perfect, not bitter, definitely fresh and they do have almond milk for the non dairy eaters! The omlette was nicely cooked; however there were few contents inside. The mushrooms were far and few between and I found the overall omlette lacked any flavor. The pototes were delicious, and the salad was fresh and drizzled in a light tasty vinegarette. 

Overall I would come back again, but it wouldn't be my very top choice for brunch.
Wow! Instantly obsessed with this new gem. First, the food was amazing! I ordered the shrimp and grits. I'm from the south so I'm a pretty tough critic when it comes to this dish. It ranks up there with one of the best shrimp and grits I've ever had...that's huge! The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and cooked while served over some deliciously smooth grits. I loved the addition of the peppers and blistered tomatoes...perfect bite all together!
The ambiance was laid back, yet attentive. There's this bad ass larger than life print of a car on the back wall that greets you as you walk in. Also, the tile along the wall is beautiful! Everyone was super nice and the food came out incredibly fast. For a new restaurant, this place already runs like a well oiled machine!
The owner of Noord has done it again with an equally impressive brunch restaurant. The same quality that went into Noord is apparent when you visit Winkel. The space itself is roomy and you don't feel crowded. There are seats outside for those comfortable weather days. 

The two times we went, on a Saturday and Sunday consecutively, we were greeted warmly. As soon as we sat down someone came around with water and took our drink orders. That being said the service was exceptional. Very friendly staff, who offered refills on coffee at the right time, and provided very quick service. 

The food was incredible. The first day they gave us a sample of the bread and it was awesome. For my course I had the Shakshuka which is 
two eggs poached in spiced stewed tomatoes, with peppers and garlic. I made it at home once so I was curious if I made it properly. It was very good and I have to say that mine didn't turn out too bad. My wife had the Parker house Roll Breakfast Sandwich: two over medium eggs, brown sugar bacon, gouda, pickles, greens, aioli, potato & lily hash. She really enjoyed it. Did I mentioned that the amount of food is impressive? Well it is. The portions are very large. The next day I got the house smoked Salmon and dill eggs Benedict. It was delicious and came with a side of potato's and a salad. This was a perfect combination for a brunch. The potato's were really good and the the salad had a nice dressing on it. My wife ordered the Belgian Waffles with seasonal fruit. She got the peach compote. It was a hit also. 

Overall a great experience and we will be back again.
This place has it all- excellent customer service and excellent food. Highly recommend the fried French toast- it melts in your mouth. The head chef is very involved with his patrons and comes out to see if you're enjoying your meal. 

Winkel doesn't take reservations, but we were seated very quickly (9:30 am on a Sunday). The place quickly fills up, but because all the severe help each other out, they are able to turn around tables. 

Great coffee as well. Paper straws a minus, but I won't dock them for the f
"Eet Smakelijk" reads the wall inside the dining area at Winkel. My Dutch-American friend told me that her family said it before dinner at home. It means "eat well," like saying, "Bon appetit!" before a meal.

Eat well we did. I had a tough time deciding and settled on the mushroom leek omlette. I upgraded to the bread of the day for my toast, and it was the right call. The hearty, multigrain bread was delicious. The potatoes on the side were like a hot potato salad.

Service was good. The manager stopped by and chatted with us and answered some questions my husband had about their sister restaurant, Noord.

The coffee was good. My husband enjoyed his open-faced sandwich with ham, gouda, and sunny side up eggs.

We almost didn't stop in because I was afraid of a long line on a Saturday morning since they don't take reservations. But we were quickly seated upon arriving.

I am sure we'll be back.
Great brunch spot with good food! Me and my friends came here on a weekday for brunch and waited about 10-15 minutes. We got some coffee while waiting since they had a section for coffee and bread. We ordered the house smoked salmon Benedict, crab cake Benedict, and the waffle with fried chicken. Really enjoyed the mustard crab cake Benedict a lot! All the dishes were good and very filling. Servers were very friendly and attentive! They also have their own house made hot sauce for the chicken and waffle. The Benedicts came with potatoes and salad.
I had a fantastic brunch at Winkel. I arrived with memories of the delicious apple pie they use to sell when the location was More Than Just Ice Cream. Now that apple pie is like a distant memory. At the forefront of my mind is the stack of large fluffy and delicious pancakes I had at winkel. Maybe the best pancakes I've ever tasted. Fighting with the pancakes at the forefront of my mind is the brunch special which I was lucky enough to try as well. It was a French toast made of various pastries sold at Winkel. There is nothing quite like it in Philly as far as I know. It was an amazingly tasty collection of flavors. And there was the meat... perfectly cooked fatty bacon, and I mean fatty in a good way. Thick scrapple that was lightly fried to perfection, which is hard to do when the scrapple is thick. Service was efficient and friendly. Brunch doesnt get any better.
In town for a work conference so I needed something walkable from the Lowe's hotel but far enough to avoid being seen by the other conference goers lol. I had seen this place a days ago but my boyfriend & i decided it was too far away from where we were trying to go.

I came around 11:50/12noon when it was still quiet and the lunch rush hadn't hit. The servers were very nice & attentive. Seemed that there was a little more variety with the brunch portion of the menu but I definitely found what I was looking for with the Avocado & grilled vegetables sandwich. Although not listed (or at least I didn't see it) it came with a side salad and some potatoes. Everything WAS AMAZING!! The veggies on the sandwich were cooked to perfection and the cheddar cheese was a great addition. I don't know what kind of butter they used for the roll but it was banging. The potatoes were also amazing - crispy on the outside & fluffy in the inside. The salad was great as well- lightly dressed & they put pickles on the salad- which I was a huge fan of. Out of this world.

Again- the food was amazing, the service was great. Would definitely come back!
I would've given 5 stars but the waiter was just ok.  He never checked on us and forgot our straws despite being reminded.  Get there early because they get busy.  We ordered buttermilk pancakes with a side of bacon, the bread pudding French toast and the breakfast sandwich.

The pancakes were good but the bacon was burnt.  I personally like it like that but my daughter thought it was too well done.  My other daughter thought the French toast was very good.  My breakfast sandwich came the way the menu describes despite asking for no cheese and the egg over well.  I'm lactose intolerant and didn't realize the Gouda was on there until 2/3 through (I try to limit my intake).  Other than that the sandwich was delicious.  The iced latte with maple was just sweet enough.

I would definitely try them again.
Not quite 4, so 3.5. We came here this morning after spectating the marathon for a bit. We asked a local for a rec and they told us this place. Husband and I both got the big breakfast (3 scrambled eggs, toast, potato hash, bacon, salad), one son got scrambled eggs and bacon, and the youngest got 2 eggs over easy and potato hash. It was pretty good. Definitely could have been hotter and my husband and I both said the potato hash that came in the bowl was better than the ones just sitting out on our main plate. Oldest loved the scrambled eggs. Definitely needed some salt and pepper. Overall it was good but would check out another place before coming back if we are ever in the area again.
I just love this place!

The food is fantastic, the options are grande and the service is always on point.

I've gone with the big breakfast twice and it's great every time.  3 eggs, a variety of meats,  toast and potatoes yum.

The girlfriend went with the omelette special of roast pork, Cooper Sharp, ong hots and broccoli rabe. I think they forgot the broccoli rabe nonetheless very delicious.  Also came with potatoes and choice of toast.

Rival Brothers coffee is very good and tasty.

We were tempted to try the ham and cheese croissant because it looks so delicious but I'm glad we didn't  because we were really full. Next time for sure.

Highly recommend.
We shall return.
Just okay

There's nothing wrong with Winkel. It's a perfectly fine and serviceable place. The food is what you'd expect but it doesn't blow you away. The menu leaves something to be desired as I didn't really find myself loving the choices. There's nothing unique about the selection really. (Food 3/5)

They were pretty busy on a Saturday morning and service left something to be desired. It took awhile for the waitress to greet us and then actually come and take our order. I say this realizing that a busy restaurant means servers are tied up and I totally understand that, but it got to the point where we almost got up and left. After that, however, she did a good job with everything (Service 2/5).

We only had coffee as it's a BYOB (Drinks 4/5). I did like the ambiance and theme of the restaurant as well (ambiance 4/5).
Very thrilled to have a new breakfast spot open 7 days that's as fun & delicious as Winkel! Thrilled with the thoughtful service, warm decor, a fabulous sunny location looking out at a community garden in center city. Jonnathan's bread on the weekend is stupid good, & the menu offers so many creative options that it's hard to decide what to order. Our table ordered the strawberry french toast, crab cake Benedict, and the sausage cabbage gouda omelette... & luckily i was able to try some of each. Excited to return and try more!
I arrived a bit early and before the rest of my party and they seated me anyway, which was so nice. I liked the cappuccino I got while I waited. The service was Aces across the board! I loved the blackberry bacon pancakes but thought the bacon was pretty undercooked. Same for the bacon my friend got with her breakfast; most of it went uneaten and the texture was pretty off putting. Pretty much all of Philadelphia showed up after we ordered (Philly Marathon day) so they got slammed and they had already mentioned that they were a bit short handed. Because of this, one of the things I ordered never arrived but there was no trouble getting it taken off the bill. Despite that, it was a fun visit; the guy who brought out our food was great with my friends little girl. I'll be back to try some of the other things on the menu; they also had some interesting specials!
Ok here you go. My brother and i are on our third annual brothers trip. We pick a different NFL City to catch a game. 
Yesterday I missed breakfast. Because lines being long and not wanting to miss the pre game festivities. Today I'm having breakfast. 
We step into Winkel. Nice place and folks were friendly.
I look at the menu and the chicken and waffles grab my attention. I like chicken and waffles. But this...  this is stupid good. Waffle with a beautiful piece of fried chicken on top then the most wonderful Garvey and top. Then to balance it off they have a nice spoon full of fresh whipped topping on the side. Worth the calories!
Now let's get back to this gravy!  You could put this gravy on my shoe and I would eat it. No for real!  You should try it. These people know great food. Best meal I've had in Philly!
Winkel popped up on my radar after I saw all the rave reviews on Yelp. We swung by on a weekday morning for brunch and were pleasantly surprised to see plenty of open tables (recommend checking this place out on a weekday to avoid the weekend rush). The interior was spacious with an open, inviting ambiance and cute decor, definitely a great place for a classy brunch with friends. 

Service was super friendly! We decided to order the  strawberry almond deep fried French toast and the great big breakfast. The French toast was so unique and the combination of flavors was perfection! I loved the taste of the almond custard with the almond slices, and the texture of the French toast was amazing, with the crunchy exterior and the soft interior. The great big breakfast provided a good savory counterpart, and included scrapple, bacon, and sausage. The sausage was my favorite part but the portion size of  the dish wasn't as great and big as I would have hoped. 

Overall, a nice addition to the Philly brunch scene. Prices a little steep for my liking but reasonable for the quality of the dishes. I highly recommend the strawberry almond French toast!
New BYOB brunch spot that will make its way into my rotation!

It's definitely busy, but the dining area is spacious and I only had to wait 5 min for July 4th brunch. Service was excellent and extremely friendly.

Went with the strawberry almond deep fried french toast, which I would totally eat again. Crispy exterior, soft interior, and they use nutmeg and almond custard to give it a little bit of a unique character! Really delicious and would recommend if you're on a cheat day in your diet :P

Can't wait to try other dishes on the menu!
I am throughly pleased with Winkel! I trusted previous reviews and was not disappointed.
-arrived on a Sunday morning and was seated almost immediately.
-our server came by with water in one hand and coffee in the other. It's as if she resent mind! She recommended the Johnathan's bread to start with. This bread was amazing! So soft, flaky, and buttery. K could've ate the entire portion to myself. 
-we sat indoors as it was raining out and tables were situated 6 feet apart, so I felt comfortable.
-my table got the smoked salmon eggs Benedict and smoked sausage, pickled cabbage, and Gouda omelet
Everything tasted great, our sever was extremely attentive and the vibe of the entire restaurant was welcoming. 
The bathrooms are open and well maintained (always a plus!) 
I would definitely come here again if in town.
I enjoyed a delightful weekday brunch yesterday at Winkel -- my first one there since the beginning of the pandemic. (All precautions were observed.)  It was a very sunny afternoon, and I was offered several different outdoor tables, including one with an umbrella. As a single diner, it was great to be welcomed. 

I ordered the omelette of the day, which was three cheeses, including Gouda, plus a potato-and-onion hash, salad,  and rye toast.  It was delicious Dutch comfort food, beautifully presented.  (Ask about the sandwich board out front.)

I inquired about the availability of their wonderful spicy croissants. They are in the process of selecting a bakery. 

The service was friendly, efficient, and prompt.  My request for mustard was quickly filled. My server, Dave, and I chatted about Winkel's sister restaurant, Noir, on Passyunk.  He checked on me frequently enough to be attentive, without being intrusive.

It was a leisurely meal, with a number of other patrons enjoying brunch. It was well worth the 14-block walk from my home!
Went for breakfast and the food is amazingly awesome. Ingredients are fresh and thoughtful. The flavors are unique.
Hands down. The best brunch I have had in a very long time. I will be talking about Winkel for a while. We came early and there were plenty of available seats. The server came immediately to the table and took our drink orders as we simultaneously sat down. Now that is service. Amazing coffee may I note. 
I ended up ordering the special, a softshell crab BLT. We also split the Strawberry Almond deep fried French Toast. Simply amazing!!! The BLT was a total treat. And I did not regret one bite of it. The french toast was the perfect dessert. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Packed with flavor. 
Absolutely coming back again and again.
Sitting at a buzzy Center City location, Winkel offers a strong breakfast/brunch game during the work week.  As a frequent patron of Noord and The Dutch, I was pleased (and not surprised) that the new restaurant evoked the same friendly, genuine dining service.  And the Scandinavian-leaning food is as excellent as ever--thank you, Joncarl!
I'd been wanting to check out Winkel for a little while and then I saw a rave review from one of my favorite yelpers and I made the plan. My friend wanted to take me out for a -week -late -birthday -brunch and I quickly decided upon Winkel. One of the best birthday decisions ever. 
The place is adorable. Clean, minimal, soft colors and a bustling and friendly space. We were greeted warmly, promptly served ice water and coffee and received a low down on the specials. Marvelous. Then I saw Joncarl Lachman (he doesn't know it, but we are on a first name basis) and all of the warmth and good energy I was already picking up on made perfect sense. It's Joncarl Lachman! One of the owners from my favorite brunch spot...Noord! Oh man. He is the guy that took this space over and is now offering up a lovely menu with cheesy omelets, shakshuka, pancakes, rabbit frittata...This is gonna be good. Better than I was even anticipating. 

And it was. Down to every detail. I ordered the red flannel hash...two sunny eggs, corned beef, root vegetables, creme fresh and thyme. Oh my goodness. The flavors, textures and composition of this dish. The corned beef was smokey and thick and the creme fresh gave this dish such a richness. My friend got the four cheese omelet and said it was delicious. And just like Noord, the energy of this place makes one feel as if lingering over delicious food and conversation is the most important part of life....cause you know...it kind of is. 

One more thing... it's a byob so don't be shy with the mimosas. Definitely make this lovely spot a destination. You will be glad that you did.
I was here a few weeks ago for brunch on Sunday. While there was a bit of a wait, the hostess was very accommodating by keeping us up to date as to when our table would be ready. She gave us the preference for outdoor or indoor seating and was so courteous when we sat us at our table. 

The menu had an excellent selection and the coffee was very good! The owner immediately grabbed us coffee and then served us the remainder of the meal. What a sweetheart! He gave us excellent recommendations and we all left with to-go containers. A table beside us came with champagne not yet chilled and he gave them his own bottle that was already cold in the fridge. Loved the Crabcake Benedict and the potatoes were different but so yummy! If you really want a treat - order Jonnathan's bread, you will not be disappointed! Amazing place, will be back soon Winkel!!
My wife and I had a phenomenal breakfast at Winkel this past 4th of July. This restaurant has some of the most creative and delicious breakfast dishes I have ever tried. To start we split a Housemade Cranberry/Milk Bread. This freshly baked bread was warm and heavenly soft with sweet cranberries baked in the bread. The bread was paired with a rich blackberry jam. For my main course I had the Rabbit, White Bean, Chive Frittata. This frittata was amazing! Fluffy airy eggs were filled with soft white beans and tender shredded rabbit and topped with creamy sour cream. The flavors were perfectly complimentary. Overall, this hidden gem is a must visit.
I've been in a Sunday bunch mood the past few weeks and decided to try new and different places. Was initially disappointed that there was no alcohol here, but their food is so delicious. Staff was very attentive despite being super crowded and busy.
Went here for brunch when it first opened and the food was good! However, it was a hot summer morning and the ac in the restaurant was not powerful enough.  All in all, i would come back!
1st visit from a friends suggestion and I will be back. Service is spot on without be on top of you. The fried bread pudding with candied bacon was a definite winner and I highly recommend it. The 3egg omelette with Kielbasa, Gouda, and red cabbage was also delicious. Try Winkel, you will not be disappointed with the food or the service.
Great food with great service. Went on a random Tuesday morning and decided to order the special of the day, salmon croquettes with eggs... and it was PHENOMENAL. Wish this was on their permanent menu! The manager personally came up to us to make sure that we were enjoying the food and service, and we saw him going table to table to check in with everyone else too. Will definitely be back!
Came here for brunch on whim on a holiday Monday with 2 friends, and we were seated immediately. 

Service was wonderful. Everyone including our waitress, the guy who delivered the food to our tables, and the guy who who cleaned up our table was incredibly friendly. 

Everything on the menu sounded delicious. I got the kitchen sink French toast, which was great. Portions were filling. My friends ordered the shakshuka and smoked sausage omelette, and both of them cleaned their plates.

The format of the menu looked suspiciously familiar. Upon further investigation, I confirmed my suspicion and learned that the owner/chef, Joncarl Lachman, of this restaurant is the same person behind The Dutch, which is my favorite go-to brunch place in Philly. As a Center City resident, this made me over the moon as I would no longer have to trek to South Philly for a menu where even the side toast is scrumptious. Looking forward to many more meals here!
Great brunch spot with Dutch roots. We visited on Saturday around 10:45 am and got seated immediately which we weren't expecting. The place filled up pretty quickly come 11:30. We sat outside, next to a fairly busy street on the edge of the sidewalk next to cars flying by so maybe request a seat against the wall if possible. On to the food:

Service was super quick and the food came out lightning fast. Our waiter was extremely pleasant and let us know about the rotating brunch specials and they all sounded delicious. We opted for the Omelette of the Day, French Toast Special (Blueberry Bread Pudding), and Chicken and Waffles with scrapple gravy.

The omelette had roasted tomato, cheddar, and candy bacon and came with a side of smashed potatoes and salad. The omelette was pretty good, although the roasted tomatoes were whole cherry tomatoes and made cutting it a bit messy. The potatoes look super basic, but surprising had great seasoning, so don't judge a book by the cover. The salad was nice and refreshing. The French toast was delicious! It was fried blueberry bread pudding, so it was so moist and bursting with flavor. The chicken and waffles were also good. The brined chicken was tender although a fairly small portion and the waffle was just ok and pretty flat, but the added scrapple gravy was a nice twist on a classic dish.

Overall:

Omelette of the Day: 4/5
Blueberry Bread Pudding French Toast: 5/5
Chicken and Waffles: 4/5
Dare I say, this may be the best new brunch spot in Philly! I had a delicious chicken salad on the specials menu with blackberries, but the absolute HIGHLIGHT of our meal was a piece of BREAD they were offering as a side just that day. Best thing I ever ate. I would come back to this place just for another piece of this bread.
Discovered Winkel on the whim when visiting from San Diego, and so so happy we made this choice. I had the classic Benedict and my husband had the big breakfast. The presentation was great. The food was cooked to perfection. The small portion of salad that our meals came with was refreshing (even had pickles on it which they look to be known for!). If you want, a more upscale version of diner food, this is it. The staff was friendly and it had an overall nice and chill atmosphere.
Really great brunch, but an even longer wait. We were really hoping for the shakshouka but they were either out or do not serve that on the weekends which was a bummer. The food was still awesome but definitely be prepared to walk around a bit in the neighborhood a bit while you wait. You're right by the Mural Mile so it's easy to occupy your time!
I loved the food, every dish that passed by me looked amazing! It is a BYOB brunch spot so make sure to come prepared for that if you're going to drink! Staff was super friendly and attentive. I'll definitely be doing back!
This place is PHENOMENAL. I ate here for breakfast last weekend while traveling to Philadelphia and it was hands down the best meal I had for the 3 days I was in town (and I ate some damn good food).

I had the crab cake Benedict and it was just so so good. I've been trying to figure out how to make them so I can do it at home (I'm in Maryland otherwise I would just come to Winkel each weekend!)

Thanks for the amazing meal!
This place is great for brunch. Upon entering you can find very enticing pastries by Machine Shop Boulangerie such as almond, chocolate, ham and gruyere croissant. Their pastries are very delicious, buttery and crunchy. On the right corner you can find some Dutch goodies such as strop waffles.

The staff is super friendly and welcoming. Very knowledgeable on the pastries. 

I ordered the stir fry vegetable. I asked the waiter what kind of veggies in it and I was told it has zucchini and squash. I asked for wheat toast. When my order was served I  noticed that my toast was white bread. I was told that they were out of it. The did not notify me and just changed it to white. Also in my veggies there were some red potatoes. I am on low carb diet. If I knew that there would be potato I would've ordered something else. 
That's why I took a star down.

The veggies stewed with tomato. Really delicious. Great flavor. It blends well with the sunny side eggs with runny egg yolk. It also comes with some fresh salad. Highly recommended.
We visited Winkel twice on a trip to Philadelphia. On our first visit, I loved the Deep Fried French Toast. It tasted like the thick bread had been properly dipped, ensuring a moist interior. The toast was served with a delicious, faintly tart lingonberry sauce which was the perfect accompaniment. On my second visit, I ordered the Vegetable Frittata of the Day, which featured roasted brussels sprouts. Unusual filling and super yummy! 

My husband got a special for his first visit, and loved it. For the life of me, I can't remember what it was. He ordered a Smoked Sausage Omelette, which he really enjoyed. I tried a bite of the potato and onion hash, and thought they were super good. The potatoes were cooked just right, and were flavored perfectly by the caramelized onion. I would order these myself. 

Winkel is super dog friendly for their outdoor setting, and brought our pups bowls of water. Great staff!
I stumbled upon Winkel when trying to find a new brunch spot for and a friend and myself to visit. I had no previous knowledge of this place and didn't even bother looking at the cuisine. 

Walking in it became very apparent it was Dutch and I became hesitant. Would their be enough seasoning on my food  Much to my surprise and pleasure the food was incredible. A hearty brunch full of eggs and bacon sans the pound of grease you find at most spots. 

MY GOD PLEASR GET THE JONNATHANS BREAD PLEASE. DONT NEGLECT YOURSELF
Solid brunch spot in the Gayborhood. Some outside seating and a bustling inside with a coffee shop on the side. They don't have chai sadly though. The brunch items were tasty. We got the heirloom tomato omelette and BLT. It started to rain when we sat outside, and they quickly moved us inside. I'll definitely be back!
EXCELLENT!!!!!!
Went there Sat morning July 28.
The decor is very welcoming and subtle.
My wife had the Strawberry Almond Deep Fried French Toast and she savored every bite of it. It was done perfect and the whipped cream was house made. 
I had the Parker House Roll Breakfast Sandwich that had pickles on it so I said hey why not and believe me the pickles went great with the over medium eggs. Who would imagine pickles and eggs and the sandwich was fantastic. Our waiter who name escapes me was beyond fantastic, so very friendly and welcoming. 
We have noticed at some other eateries that they don't serve regular sugar only Splenda or sugar in the raw and when we asked our server if he had any he winked and said I'll get it. He brought out 2 containers of sugar that made our coffee better. 
Why is there no regular sugar  already on the table or some eateries don't offer it at all?
What really impressed me was the hostess and host who kept walking around and checking on the tables more coffee, water or simply to remove some empty sugar packets. They showed a lot of caring for what was going on with the clientele. 
You will not go wrong for having breakfast there and will enjoy all the staff.
WELL DONE WINKLE WELL DONE!
Wife and I went to Winkel for breakfast today. What a marvelous time. GREAT COFFE!  Wife had classic Benedict and o had Salmon Benedict. Both dishes were awesome. Service was excellant.  Get here before it becomes famous, which will happen soon!
My husband and I dined at Winkel on its opening week. We were so impressed with the menu that we ordered an additional dish because we just wanted to try everything. The food was fantastic, the service was A++. The portion sizes are not skimpy you will not leave unsatisfied or hungry. I usually takes pictures of my food but everything was so awesome that I just dived in.  Add this to your go to restaurants list. You will not be disappointed.  Job well done!!!
Lovely spot! Great atmosphere full of friendly staff. Everyone seemed happy and welcoming. Menu offered breakfast focused and lunch focused options. For breakfast there was mostly savory items available with only a couple sweet options. I went with a group of 4 around 11:30 on a Monday and was seated immediately. Everyone's food was outstanding. Deliciously flavorful and fresh. Also the coffee was amazing as well, very smooth and flavorful as well. Definitely want to revisit this spot.
I sense that Winkel is quickly becoming a local contender for the beloved Green Eggs Cafe in Center City, with its unique brunch/lunch offerings, such as herring, smoked fishes, and crab cake benedict sandwiches. While I would have liked to experience these items further, I think Winkel's major drawback is the cost, $15 for just a few leaves and 6-7 pieces of herring makes it hard to enjoy the rest of the menu options. That being said, I think there's a few great things about Winkel: open space, numerous seating, free wifi, and a friendly but quirky staff. My wife got the mushroom omelette, which she described as decent, but would have preferred a woodier and more savory mushroom overtone. 

Overall, Winkel looks like a great alternative brunch spot, and if the prices get cheaper, I'll return for seconds.

Food: 3 stars
Price: 2 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Great place for lunch.  Large portions and great choices.  Avoid looking up the definition of the name in the urban dictionary!! 

Absolutely will go back again 
Enjoy!
Went to Winkel with my coworker and we both agreed that this place deserves 3-5 visits to fully explore the awesome menu.  Seems like they have a diff menu for weekend brunch too... my friend had an omelet with Brussels spruces and i had the chicken and waffle.  In addition, we shared the deep fried french toast.   

All options were solid and felt fresh/different which is an amazing feeling and requirement for me for any brunch or breakfast spot

No pictures this time but will add some next trip!!
Delicious breakfast spot, I had asked for chocolate milk and the waiter said it was not on their menu. 10 minutes later he walked up to my table with a tall glass of chocolate milk and tells me he went down to the store to get the ingredients to make chocolate milk. They are all so friendly, the food was amazing, a must try is Jonathan's bread it was delicious.
After months when it was shut down due to the virus, my go to place for an excellent brunch is BAAAACK!!  Just had a delightful Brie and pear omelette and delicious coffee at an outside table, thrilled to see that the warm and friendly service and lovingly prepared eats were again available.  That part of Locust does not have heavy traffic and the tables are nicely spaced, so it is a pretty safe spot to dine at tables on the sidewalk.  Other diners looked as happy as I and my companion were to have this neighborhood gem back in business.  I have never had a single dish at Winkel that was not first rate. It's great to have a place to eat where one knows there will not be any disappointing meals and where the servers act as though they are genuinely pleased to take care of their customers.
Excellent food. Excellent and personable service. Both gentlemen kept our coffee fresh and hot and understood what extra sugar meant...at last.  Bacon and blueberry pancakes were perfect. Crab Benedict fresh and delicious. Scrapple fresh, crunchy and flavorful. Potatoes were so good! Salad on plate was an excellent after brunch palette cleanser. 
Even the guy taking our names was kind and attentive.
FYI: The servers, nor cooks...no one wears masks here. Had to update and take a star off for that. They were very nice, but no masks here. Um, we are still officially in a pandemic so public businesses should continue to protect ALL consumers. No matter what your beliefs are. Vaccinated or not.
Be careful out there.
Food and service were amazing! We shared the spinach and tomato omelette and pancakes with an added side of candied bacon. It was the perfect blend of sweet and savory!
Came back to try the Belgian Waffle w/ Braised & Fried Chicken, and it did not disappoint. Crispy, juicy chicken on a golden-brown waffle smothered in a savory concoction they call Scrapple Gravy, this might be the best chicken and waffles I've had in Philly!

Belgian Waffle w/ Braised & Fried Chicken: 5/5
This is 100% the best Benedict I've ever had (to be clear, it was the crab Benny). Great service, pretty unique atmosphere, and the prix fix brunch is an incredible deal. The bread alone makes the trip worth it. Portion size is pretty generous given the price point. The shrimp and grits were pretty good too. While not my favorite ever, they were the most distinctive iteration off this dish I've ever had. Order the Benny first, order the grits second.

Bonus round: dessert was Dutch apple pie. I don't really like apple pie. I loved this.

If you read this review and don't go, just go to Denny's and stop using Yelp.
Brunch has never been better, ever!  My friend flew in from California today and I treated  her to Chef Joncarl's new venture, Winkel, (which means "little store" in Dutch, besides being such a cute name) located in the old "More than Just Ice Cream" space on the 1100 block Locust St.  The clean, fresh look with a new kitchen and color design is delightful.  Our waiter Gabriel was excited to tell us all about the menu, and boy is it magnificent!  Creative combos abound, with this for sure being "Not your momma's regular brunch menu!"
We had grilled white asparagus with tarragon and lemon, 2 sunny-side up eggs, pumpernickel toast, maple cured bacon, a side salad and delicious coffee. The portions were hefty and I couldn't even finish mine! 
 
I love the new decor; the previous restaurant had lost it's mojo and now Joncarl and his dream team have reinvented what  brunch can be with a twist on the norm, making this our only go-to place for brunch in the future.  I have lived in Philly for 40 years and have never had a better meal for breakfast.  Congratulations for unveiling such a fun, bright place to jump start our day after so many months of renovation!  Serving breakfast and lunch all day until 3, this should be your place to go as well. We wish them endless success; for someone so passionate about food and customer service, this gem already deserves great accolades for excellent service and food.  Bravo to the team and Joncarl, and thanks for making us full and happy today!
I had some of the best pancakes of my life at Winkel. Everything else was delicious too, but the pancakes were so fluffly and melted in my mouth. Along with the pancakes, i had frittata-- also a perfect savory option. My friend had the chicken and waffles and they were delightful. 

We called ahead to put our name down, but our table was ready well before they told us it would be. The restaurant was totally full, but the wait still wasn't bad at all. Even if it was, it would be worth it to brunch at Winkel
Cute BYOB brunch spot.
Came on a date.

- food was yummy
- wait was long
- price is good
- servers knowledgeable, helpful, and fun
- interior is pretty standard

Would return.
Very friendly, accommodating staff. Wonderful, fresh food with many exciting options at very reasonable prices. Only downside was not having gluten-free bread for toast, but otherwise plenty of gluten-free breakfast options.  I will certainly be back next time I find myself downtown.
Wow new spot food was great. Yummy Great Big Breakfast..Hatfield Scrapple, smoked sausage, honey bacon, and fresh salad with pickled cucumbers and roasted potatoes with onions. 

We will be back and Loell was great and attentive.
Came here for brunch a few weeks ago and it was great! Such a cute place on locust. Some tables outside and a lot of seating inside. Right when you walk in their is a little cafe if you just want some good coffee, and the restaurant is to the left. Good size, not too loud but still lively. The kitchen was open, and I love that. Oh right, the food. Very good! My friend had the Belgium waffles, pretty standard, with fresh berries (that were actually fresh) on top. I had the crab cake Benny that was encrusted with something and dear lord it was delicious! Had I not been going out after, I would have brought the rest home because I couldn't finish it all. And the wait staff were so sweet! My friend was a little late and your whole party needs to be there to be seated, so while I waited they offered me coffee and water and told me just to take a seat at the bar area in the cafe. We were joking around. They were great.
Best part is that it's BYOB which is hard to find in center city.
Definitely recommend going at least once.
I stopped in for lunch during a conference. Service was great, menu was very diverse, and I had the most beautiful omellete with toast, potatoes, and salad. I absolutely recommend Winkel for a lunch treat!
My girlfriend and I stopped in for Sunday brunch this past weekend and enjoyed the experience. The place was, predictably, doing pretty good business - it was a well-reviewed, new-ish restaurant in Center City on a Summer Sunday with temperatures in mid-70s. We waited for about 20 minutes, but that was what they told us to expect, and we were allowed to grab seats at a waiting bench and familiarize ourselves with the menu. The place is wonderfully spacious - not just in the "high ceilings creating the effect of space" way, but in terms of the floor plan, too. All of this to say, the wait was fine.

My girlfriend ordered the Deep-fried Strawberry Almond Bread Pudding French Toast (what a mouthful of a name!), while I debated items like The Great Big Breakfast, Rabbit, White Bean, Chive Frittata, Shrimp & Dutch Grits, and Carbonnade (which sounded a bit on the heavy side for me since I was still in a breakfast state of mind). I wound up swerving on all of that and ordered a Smoked Sausage, Red Cabbage, Gouda Omelet and a table side of Jonathan's Grilled Bread.

Neither one of us was 100% smitten with our orders, but that's hardly to say they were bad or we didn't enjoy them. My gf wished that there had been more of a strawberry compote/jam with the french toast (rather than just fresh sliced berries) and didn't necessarily think that the deep frying produced a better product than usual french toast technique. In spite of those two minor complaints, she liked her dish and finished it.

My omelet came with a potato & onion hash, a basic Dutch salad, and toast with butter (they offer white, wheat, rye, or pumpernickel). The hash was killer, especially with some hot sauce and ketchup lightly added. It wasn't hard-fried or crisp, just billowy and flavorful. The salad was basically greens and a few cucumber slices in a typical northern-European vinegar base. It was extremely basic, but I liked having it there as a light, fresh element to counter the heavier fair like my omelet. Speaking of, the first bite or so of the omelet left me a bit unsure how I felt - I don't know if it was the gouda or something they included in the egg itself, but I didn't instantly love it. However, as I moved inward and started hitting cabbage and sausage pay-dirt it became hard not to savor hearty each bite. 

Lastly, I was glad we were able to get what I was told was the last order of Jonathan's Grilled Bread - I added it to the order late after seeing an order arrive at another table. It's a soft-dough, crusty exterior milk bread that came with nicely complimentary blueberry jam and butter. Given that I already had rye toast (pumpernickel next time!) it could have been a bad decision to tack it on, but the breads were so thoroughly different from each other and the Grilled Bread was so casually eatable that I had no regrets and made short work of it. The coffee was also excellent. 

I'm looking forward to opportunities to explore the menu a bit more and am glad it's located such an easy walk away from my apartment.
Wow, what a great find while in Philly for the weekend. The service was top notch and the food...AMAZING! Did I mention I went for brunch Saturday and Sunday :-) 
You must try it for yourself. It will not disappointment.
Brunch is a scam. Breakfast is whenever you wake up, regardless of the day. Lunch is your second meal. There is no such thing as "brunch", it's a marketing ploy to get you to spend $30 on alcohol and mediocre eggs. With all that being said, I must give it up to Winkel, which  delivered an exceptional meal as well as impeccable service. Hands down, the best brunch experience I've ever had. 

I had a latte [$4] which was smooth and creamy. There were no extraneous notes of fruit or fairy dust, or other weird garbage I don't like. I don't know what brand of beans Winkel uses but I can definitely get behind it. And whoever was behind the espresso bar was a genius. No burnt espresso here.

I chose to go a-la-a carte and had the Bacon and Blueberry Pancakes [$14]. Holy moly. The bacon and blueberries are worked into the batter. Thus, you get the perfect bite of pancake each time. The perfect symphony of salty and sweet/tart. The pancakes are the size of your face and come three to an order, slathered with butter, and maple syrup on the side. There was also a piece of crispy bacon on top. My kind of garnish! It looks like the pancakes are made to order, as we saw one of the chefs carrying a large mixing bowl. 

I'm gluttonous and ordered a side of scrapple [$5]. I also really just wanted to try scrapple since I've never had it before. I don't have a frame of reference for it but it tastes like a fried pork or sausage patty and I think I'm a fan. They give you two patties. I couldn't finish the whole portion so the waitress wrapped it up in some tin foil,  which makes for some easy scrapple snacking later. 

My boyfriend had the Belgian Waffle with Fried Chicken and Scrapple Gravy [$15]. He was a fan. Just like my pancakes, the waffle was light and fluffy. 

The bill came to $45, two drinks, two entrees, and a side. Tip not included. Let's just say, I am throughly impressed and can't stop raving about these pancakes. 

___________ 

Winkel opens at 9:00AM on the weekend so I was concerned when we didn't arrive until 10:30am that there was going to be a wait. We were sat right away, at a table in the middle of the room. 

Unlike in New York, there was plenty of space between tables. By the time we were half way through our meal, the restaurant did start to fill up, but it didn't seem unbearable. There's also seating outside, but it's 100 degrees. Plus the decor of the restaurant is cute, so you don't want to miss that and the open kitchen..
Great new spot in Philly. 11th and Locust. 
Stopped here with my wife for brunch on a Sunday and was not disappointed. Got a table right away, server and food was on point. Nice atmosphere. Would definitely recommend. A+
Found this gem on a whim! Such a cozy and nice sized brunch spot. Great environment to take amazing photos. There's an mural directly across the street in a garden, thank me later! Great pancakes, eggs, potatoes and scrapple! And James our server was so kind, friendly and professional! It's my new brunch spot in Philly!
This seems to be a theme in the reviews of Winkle, but I cannot wait to go back to this place. I was here for lunch with a couple of friends on a Thursday. There was no wait, it was around noon, it did get busy as we ate but still not really wait for a table. Service was impeccable, super attentive with refills of water and coffee, food was out quickly.  I had the house smoked salmon salad. It was fresh, light and delicious. Each bite had the perfect amount of zesty dressing. My friend had the special, shrimp frittata. I tried a bite and it was delicious. It was served with a side salad and toast. The menu is full of things I am dying to try on my next visit, I ordered the salad because I keep a strict no low carb diet during the week, and every other option was just carb decadent, but I cannot wait to indulge on my next visit! I very much want to try the herring salad, or any of the omelets. 

The restaurant itself has a very cool diner feel. I used to live around the corner several years back and would have loved Sunday brunch at this little spot.
Amazing byob brunch spot ! I got the crab cake Benedict 10/10 FANTASTIC. Great food great atmosphere!!
Just opened, this is the latest spot from by Chef Joncarl Lachman. I've been to most of the others, like Noord, Neuf, The Dutch, and this one is a very worthy addition. Great and delicious food, really cute and comfortable space, and super welcoming service. It has breakfast and lunch menus every day and weekend brunch.
Traveling through the East Coast. we had our first Philadelphia breakfast at Winkel. This place is very popular and for a good reason--food taste great, even simple potatoes. Portions are huge--easily can split one dish for two people, We ordered eggs benedict, mushroom omelette, salad and potatoes and one more of something--fantastic. If you in the neighborhood--a must try for breakfast and brunch
Delicious food and friendly service! I was happy to visit Winkel during my short stay in Philadelphia. No reservations needed so my boyfriend and I were able to seat ourselves upon arrival. I ordered the salmon Benedict with a side of potatoes and salad. Even though the potatoes weren't the star of the show, they're worth an honorable  mention. Usually the potatoes that are served at restaurants for breakfast are flavorless or down right bad, but these potatoes tasted AMAZING. Well seasoned and just delicious. I was expecting the salmon on the Benedict to be smoked thin slices of salmon but it wasn't. It was still enjoyable but I would have preferred the thin slices of smoked salmon. 

Overall, loved dining here and the staff made it 100 tines more enjoyable with their service.
Brunch at Winkel is perfect!! Right when you walk in they have a "to go" section of coffee and pastries while the main dining area is to the left. This is quite smart because you can order a mug of coffee and sit while waiting for your table--genius! 

The restaurant is open, bright, and welcoming. The staff was quick and friendly. We ordered coffee, the bacon and blackberry pancakes, and the bacon and tomato omelette. The omelette came with a potato and onion hash that was so good. Both dishes were so delicious we finished every bite!! They also have house made jam for your toast which was awesome.

Prices are great as well! The only downside is that they don't take reservations and depending on how you see it, they are BYOB. Would highly recommend and will be coming many more times in the future!
This is the best breakfast place we have ever been too in any city or state. Staff is so friendly and welcoming and the restaurant has an accepting feel. I ordered the chocolate-banana pancakes and wow were they good. My father got the eggs Benedict and was extremely happy with it. Definitely recommend to anyone in the Philadelphia area. YUM!
10/5/19
Belgium Waffle with braised and fried chicken - waffle was crispy.  The chicken was moist and tender.  Scrapple gravy was just a good amount that didn't flood the waffle.  A good combination of all the taste and texture.  Was certainly full after eating this.

Cremini mushroom omelette- the eggs were perfectly cooked.  It was soft and fluffy.  Prob the best eggs I've ever had.  The combination of the mushroom was great.  Mushroom was cooked well and didn't seem undercooked. The goat cheese isn't my thing since its too strong but this dish was great.

Waited for about 10 minutes on Saturday morning.  Offered coffe while we wait.

Service was great.
Excellent food and personable service. The location was
charming and the staff was delightful.
The brunch eggs were delicious and coffee was
first rate. The restaurant is Dutch in background &
very pleasant.
We went the week they opened and the menu was larger. They took some of the things we liked off the menu, but there are still plenty of good things. 
Service is really great, everyone is on point and friendly. Coffee is great (it's Rival Brothers, roasted locally) food is good too. Can't go wrong with the deep fried French toast. The omelettes are all good. Prices are a bit higher than average brunch prices but you get a lot of food.
Winkel just opened and all I can say is it is as good as expected.  Joncarl Lachman's Noord is one of Philadelphia's true restaurant successes and Winkel, if today was an accurate indication, will be just as successful!  We had a simply delicious goat cheese and mushroom omelette that immediately goes to number one on my best omelette list.  we also had the amazing roasted white asparagus, brown sugar bacon, and sunny side up eggs dish.  (Wow!)  And then, we were happy to sample the deep-fried strawberry almond bread pudding french toast!!!!!  (Holy Lord!!!)  Check it out this weekend!  I mean, don't walk, run!!!  PS:  the place itself is gorgeous and airy and comfortable and welcoming and I felt like I wanted to sit there all day...it's that welcoming!!
Wandered here looking for a yummy sit down breakfast. Everything was AH-mazing. Short wYou have to try the Johnny's Bread with the housemade jam. Had the breakfast salad which was nice and light. Tried both the bacon & sausage of my boyfriend's plate which were fresh.  Everyone was friendly and service was top-notch! 
TIP: it is BYOB so if you want those mimosas, bring your own bubbles
Great tentative staff but food is pricey!! Any add on to a meal is $2-4 extra. The meals come in big quantities so i would suggest sharing a plate if you are the type of person that doesn't eat a lot. The food was OK for the price. Not the greatest.
Food and staff were amazing. My mom really enjoyed celebrating her 60th Birthday there. We can't wait to come back. Plus our waitress Peter was the absolute best.
We decided to try Winkel for breakfast after another restaurant near by had a long line. Happy we did!! We had the vegetable frittata and the egg sandwich. Both were delicious!! Came with a salad and we ordered an extra side of potatoes. Food was fresh and we were satisfied. Prices reasonable. Will definitely stop by again when visit Philly next time. Would be a regular if we lived there. Service was great!!
Prior diners' almost perfect score here is spot on!  The service was great from start to finish, the buttermilk pancake for my son was quick and very enjoyable. Make sure you get the onion and potato mash as it was wonderful. Both omelettes appeared to be topping filled and tasty. One strange item is that the side of toast was uncooked with no butter or preserves.
Was visiting Philly for a day and went here for breakfast.  Couldn't decide between the chicken and waffles with scrapple gravy or the blackberry bacon pancakes.  Our server was fantastic, she suggested I get the waffle with a pancake on the side.  Great idea!  Both were excellent.  I am a bit of a pancake aficionado and this was one of the best I've gotten at a restaurant.
