This place has not changed from the days I worked at Philadelphia University up the street.  I had a lot of good times in this place and this last time I rolled in I was not disappointed In fact I had a drink and some sweet potato fries here the first night I met my wife.  The food is still awesome, and the beer still flows easily.  The people are friendly and the bread is still amazing.  What's cool is that I brought in my recently minted 21 year old with me and we ate at the bar.  It was a great experience.  They even had a few cheese plates at the bar.  We sampled a nice basic collection that intensified the enjoyment of our beers.  It was great food, great company and the bartender was super attentive.  I stop in every time I roll through the Yunk.
I've been to this LeBus location twice for lunches in the past month and I thoroughly enjoy it! Parking is usually not too hard to find during the week, but remember to bring quarters for those stupid, outdated meters! It's not always easy to find a business that will make change, either. (Parking situation has nothing to do with my rating for this restaurant, by the way, this is just a public service announcement for anyone who drives!)

The restaurant is quite large and I've had no problems getting a table, even during busy hours. On both visits I had the Blue Colorado salad which comes with some absolutely delicious glazed chicken, tomatoes, asparagus and corn. I always add avocado because avocado. There are two different types of iced tea: a regular and another version which I believe rotates. I've had the raspberry tea twice and it was great. 

Solid spot in Manayunk!
Winnie's Manayunk was one of the first 'food disappointments' I encountered after moving back to Philly. The realtor I was working with at the time of my move had a parent who was living in the 19128 zip code. Not only was Ms. Realtor hot on (or 'motivated' as they say in that trade)  housing me in this area but she was constantly touting how much better the food offerings were on Main Street than what I'd find in Center City. Might I add that she and I parted company before she got any commission from me. Eating here was her idea and our business relationship ceased shortly after. Coincidence?

My former realtor and I arrived here about 1:30 p.m., after what I'm guessing is the busier part of week day lunch. The place looked pleasant, warm and comfortable. We were seated right away. We were not given menus or water and it was about 15 minutes before anyone approached our table. When the server finally did come by, she asked if we were ready to order. I said since we did not have menus, probably not. She looked at me like I was some type of male Gorgon and responded by saying, "You two looked busy. No one wanted to bother you." I bit my tongue and Diane, the real estate maven, asked if we could please see menus and hear the day's specials. The server walked away silently, returned, threw ONE menu on our table and walked away again. Still no water.

I caught the eye of a busser and asked if he knew the day's specials. He did and he also kindly brought us water, napkins and utensils. My companion and I shared the menu. I decided on the day's soup-lobster bisque-and a Caesar salad with chicken. She blathered on about calories, carbs and what she had eaten at her daughter in law's house over the weekend and how she needed to watch her portions for the rest of the week-then said turkey pot pie was what she wanted along with a large latte. I wanted a pitcher of Manhattans but decided tea was less likely to bring about any misjudgements regarding discussion about where I was going to be living. By now, we had been in the restaurant for about 45 minutes and had only been 'served' water. 

Diane, my companion, went to the cashier and asked if someone could take our food order. The cashier said it would be taken care of and someone else, not the original server, came shortly after to assist us. We both ordered and I asked for a bread basket and butter right away since both of us were sliding into snippy low blood sugar territory.  We got a small basket of cold, slightly stale, sliced baugette and no butter. I passed. Diane pulled the basket over to her side of the table and made short work of it, saying 'who needs butter calories any way?' 

A few minutes later, a burger was placed in front of each of us. Hungry as we were at that point, I told yet another server we had not seen before that this was the wrong order. She insisted it wasn't. I insisted she take it away and bring us the correct lunches. Diane asked for more bread and butter.

Next, we were both served what I can only describe as "side salads," something we had also not ordered and that did not come with Diane's order of pot pie. She looked at the server and told her, "Hungry as I am now, neither of us ordered these so please take them away and bring the food we ordered and more bread and butter." We were now an hour into what was supposed to be lunch and had only gotten water and bread. Felt like a prison sentence and prison food. 

10 minutes later, my cup of soup (I'd ordered a bowl) arrived and Diane was served my Caesar salad. Sans chicken. We again both implored the server for our original, correct orders. I was told to eat the cup of soup I was served and that I'd be given another cup 'shortly' and the poultry-less salad was slid in front of me. I slid it back towards the server and asked, "where's the chicken?" No response. Diane nearly begged for bread and butter. Again.

My cup of soup was lukewarm and overly thickened with arrow root, cornstarch or flour. There was not even a shred of lobster in it. It tasted like Campbell's Cream of Tomato soup. I gave up after 2 spoonsful. Diane was looking desperate and wild eyed as she still had not been served any food. Not even more bread and butter. 

I went to the cashier, asked for the check, told her that we had only been served our beverages and a cup of soup and asked what the total was. She attempted to argue with me that since we had 'ordered everything,' I needed to pay in full. I calculated and and rounded up slightly what the cost was for what had actually come to our table and been consumed, put the cash in front of her, went back and grabbed Diane's arm and we left Winnie's. And left no tip.

We finally had lunch-as it were-at a Wawa on Ridge Avenue.
finding myself at le bus two weekends in a row is something that hasn't happened since i moved out of the 'yunk four years ago...until now.

weekend one. after hanging out with friends at the bayou to watch the eagles game, we were hungry - for real food, not bar junk - so we headed across the street to le bus. weather was nice, so our rowdy group of 6 chose to sit outside...lucky for us, no wait. i was craving their vegetarian chili (it's tops!) but ended up ordering the veggie burger out of curiosity (how i had never had it before, i'm not sure). consensus: it was tasty and, unlike the beef burger, came served on a wheat bun and with a side of sweet potato fries (score!) i wouldn't recommend people run here for the veg burger, but i definitely didn't regret ordering it.

special kudos to our server who was not only patient with our rather drunken antics, but even seemed to get a kick out of our ridiculousness. we debated the ciabatta roll - its shape, its size, its pronunciation. we asked her, as if she was all-knowing, if birds have tails. we were a hot mess.

weekend two. found myself back here one week later when my former philly girl turned boulder, CO resident was in town and wanted to visit some old faves (le bus and ME). once again, i passed on their most amazingest veggie chili as the moroccan cous cous special sounded too good to pass up. good choice, in my opinion! tons of veggies, including butternut squash, plus pine nuts and a nicely seasoned but not too overbearing sauce. the portion was huge and half of it came home with me for lunch the next day. my friend thoroughly enjoyed her salmon burger (also served with sweet potato fries) and her vanilla cupcake...which i, as a good friend, helped her eat :)

and, as luck would have it, sitting indoors on a rainy nite, my friend and i ended up with the same server i'd had the week before! when i told her i was from "that group" she told me she'd been pondering whether or not birds have tails all week. for anyone else who's wondering, the answer is yes.
Le Bus continues to disappoint. 

Background:  I work on Main St. & my office holds an account w/ Le Bus. I've eaten here occasionally when I can take a long lunch or at night when I'm working late.

What to expect:  Great bread & slow service - no matter what day of the week, or time of day, both are constants.  My takeout has also often had mistakes.

Atmosphere:  Sidewalk dining and indoor seating are both cramped.  If you sit outside watch out for people who run the curb while parallel parking.  If you sit inside noise bounces off the rafters, rock walls and hardwood floors from every angle.  This place is a staple hangout for young parents with kids - so expect to hear occasional screaming (of both parents & kids).

Food:  Some dishes are worth the trouble - the brown rice nut salad with thai peanut dressing is refreshing in the summer and served with tons of hummus and pita bread.  The enchiladas are not authentic, but are home made and fresh.  Skip the veggie burger, it contains a lot of rice, lacks protein and the sweet potato fries that come on the side are often soggy.

Price:  Way too high.
Which Le Bus will you experience? If you go for breakfast, likely the one with only two stars because of poor service -- but excellent buttermilk pancakes, the best I've eaten in Philly. unfortunately, your coffee cup will remain empty.

If you go for dinner, likely you'll experience the one with four stars as the service is much better. The food is excellent, with my favorite being their meatloaf.

All meals are accompanied by an assortment of breads, usually baked that morning, that are delicious. 

The food is excellent but only go if you can tolerate service that disappears for long stretches of time.
I am an avid fan of Winnie's. I've been multiple times and have never had a problem, until today. I am unsure if they have recently changed management or something. The menu has changed a bit and I saw a manager or owner that I have never seen before. The food was great, the service was fine. However, the woman who was in charge was yelling at the waiters and staff all morning, right in front of customers. She was yelling at staff and belittling them right in front of my table and in the middle of the restaurant. This woman who is apparently in charge had no problem embarrassing the staff right in front of paying customers. She even called out a waiter because someone at their table was looking around, which in turn made the paying customer clearly uncomfortable, (he was watching TV). 

I left the restaurant with a bad taste in mouth (not from the food) and upset that one of my favorite stops has made me uncomfortable. A few minutes after I left I realized I had left something at the restaurant. I returned, only to be greeted by the same unruly woman in charge. When I explained what I had left behind she told me I should have called. I explained I left only moments ago. She then yelled out across the restaurant to the waitress to see where my belongings were. 

The food was great, but I am disappointed in the lack of respect for the staff, they did nothing wrong.
This review is actually 2.5 stars, but I rounded down because there wasn't any compelling reason to round up.

I stopped in with a group of 8 on a Saturday to eat.  Although they were enjoying brisk business, we were able to be seated right away due to a little luck.

Since they were serving brunch, I decided to have the banana walnut pancakes.  Others at the table had eggs Benedict, salads, hamburger, etc.  My pancakes were OK, they were a little hard/cripsy which I found interesting. (How does that happen?).  The syrup was definitely meh, along the lines of Mrs. Butterworth or some such syrup.  

Service was decent and everyone did eat their meals without any complaints.  Price was aslo reasonable per person.

Final determination:  I would go back again, if I'm looking for decent food and decent service but nothing to set the world on fire.
My lady and I absolutely loved the food here for Sunday brunch! What a fantastic choice in lovely Manayunk on a snow blanketed early December Sunday morning.

We ordered a variety of dishes to share and had half a dish to bring home, so portion sizes here definitely were more than enough for two.

First up was the Avacado toast, delicious! Was a bit of overkill in hindsight, but if you're more than 2, 4 people could share this easy when you consider the size of the plates.

Next up was our brunch platters, I had the frittata which still is making my mouth water writing about it a week later! Layered bacon on the bottom of a hot cast iron skillet with spinach, egg, potato and asparagus! So excellent.

This brunch truly brings back treasured memories that in Covid times I sorely miss. Hope the business and staff is hanging in there
Manayunk is such a cute little area it's not surprise they have a cute little cafe to match. 
We got seated quickly on a Sunday morning (no line!) and got right to ordering. The French toast was calling my name and I'm so glad I went for that. I also added some sausage as a side plate which really made the meal. The food here is nothing crazy, but it is high quality eats and what you crave on a Sunday morning for brunch. 
The waitresses here are also so sweet and make the experience a great one. It's worth the ride out to Manayunk to relax and eat here.
I love Winnie's!!! I wish I had discovered it sooner! Ive been here for brunch twice within 2 weeks. The first time I got their build your own omelette with green whites (it's just like egg whites except they blend in some spinach so it looks green when it's cooked), mushrooms, onions, and American cheese. The mushrooms were very flavorful. The size of the omelette was good and not too much. I'd say that I've had bigger omelettes before but honestly this portion is all that anyone really needs! 

The second time I got the creme brûlée French toast..... this was amazing! There's a berry compote on top in addition to fresh fruit. There's a creme brûlée type sauce on it as well that was very tasty. 

Best part: they bring out bread with jam for brunch!! It's a mix of 3 types of bread: cornbread, cinnamon raisin bread, and a regular white type of bread. The jam is a very sweet berry mix. Loved it. Would definitely recommend this to a friend!
I don't frequent the Manayunk area too often anymore, and when I did it was more to catch a band at Grape and do a little drinking than for eating.  Luckily during an early evening a while back, some friends and I headed over to Le Bus.  I remembered it being a pretty decent dining experience, even on a crowded night.

Last night I returned to Le Bus for only the second time and I couldn't be happier with the place.  It was pretty dead on a Tuesday, so our service was more prompt than I recalled previously.  I had a fresh pot of decaf all to myself, which was nice and delicious.  My friend and I both ordered the turkey burger, but instead of my usual toppings extravaganza, I decided to just take it as it comes.  I have to say, I was more than impressed!  The turkey burger itself is ground turkey mixed with celery, spanish onions, shallots, garlic, scallions and peppers.  It makes for an extremely tasty burger, even without cheese. (And I love cheese!)  And all the extras inside probably are what kept the burger from tasting dried out as so many turkey burgers have the tendency to do.  My only regret is that I wasn't more hungry so I could have finished my entire burger and side of sweet potato fries.  

Some people may think the portions are a bit on the small side, but I actually appreciated the small side of sweet potato fries.  It's more in line with what a REAL serving size should be anyway.

Overall our experience last night was excellent and I'm glad we happened to be back in the Manayunk area last night so I could have an excuse to enjoy a delicous meal.
I love Winnie's! My girlfriend and i love coming here on weekends for brunch or lunch with our pup! Staff are extremely friendly and professional every time, and the food is amazing (also love the bread basket). I enjoyed every item I have tried so far! Overall, my favorite eating place in manayunk.
This is a great place for brunch. The meals start with Le Bus' famous breads served with preserves, very yummy. And its in Manayunk which makes the atmosphere even more fun. I love the huevos rancheros, and the pancakes -- they are very moist, almost like a real oven-baked cake at a price that could compete with IHOP, but an atmosphere that's very french cafe.
I was really underwhelmed by Winnie's compared to what everyone has said about their brunch.

The cocktails were great and the food was fine but everything else just sort of fell into the meh to bad category.

First - We were seated at a 4 person table that did not have enough room for 4 people + their food AND was in the direct path of the kitchen, bar and everything else. We were constantly being jostled. 

The service was VERY slow. 

They gave me a coffee cup with someone else's bright pink lipstick still on it. (BLECH)

The food was in fact fine. Benedicts were good (although I didn't like that they were served on baguettes) and the sausage gravy looked delicious. 

All in all, would maybe try again but wouldn't heartily recommend.
This place needs a real chef.  

Went for brunch with my husband.  I enjoy the Le Bus lunch sandwiches at their Rittenhouse shop so I thought the restaurant would be good.  I was so wrong.

The ambiance in the restaurant is awesome.  It's like being in a country bakery.  Super cute and cozy.  

We sat down and were immediately greeted by our server who was very sweet.  She brought over a basket of cold, stale bread, some pats of butter in aluminum foil and a mason jar full of jelly.  The idea behind the bread basket is awesome.  It is a restaurants opportunity to make a first impression and especially in a restaurant/bakery, an opportunity to have your patrons leave with loaves of bread.  The bread was probably delicious when it was fresh and maybe would have been good if it was warmed.  It was cold, hard and stale.

I ordered huevos rancheros and my husband ordered a ham and cheese omelet.  The omelet came out on a plate covered in water or pineapple juice (because when I think cozy brunch in December I want pineapple...) and some cold, undercooked potatoes that had been cooked in mushed peppers and cheese?  The omelet was rubbery and inedible.

The huevos rancheros were offensive.  It was a patty of scrambled eggs on top of cold tortilla chips, covered in cold, shredded cheese and salsa.  With pineapple on the side.  Gross and inedible.  The eggs were weird and rubbery like the omelet.

We asked the server if they used fresh eggs and she said no, they came pre-mixed in a carton.  

Two inedible breakfasts and two cups of coffee came to $27.00.  For a $27.00 breakfast I expect a real egg.  

How can this place be in business when they care so little about the quality of the ingredients of their food?  In a city that is full of local farms, markets, gardens and butchers, how can you use pre-scrambled eggs in a carton?  It's offensive.
I went to Winnie's Le Bus last weekend for Sunday Brunch with some girlfriends.  Let me first say that I am in no way a brunch afficianado, as sunday breakfast for me usually consists of coffee and a piece of toast.  

The place was packed.  We were told there would be a 20 minute wait, but that was actually more like 35-40.  Once seated, the service was good.  The decor is ok, nothing special.  There is a counter where you can eat if you don't feel like waiting for a table.  (assuming there are seats.)

The menu consists of typical breakfast fare like pancakes, omelets, etc., many types of burgers (beef, turkey, veggie), and there are several great looking vegetarian options on the menu.  I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries, which was great.  My friend had the vegetarian brown rice salad, which looked great and is definitely what I'm getting if I go back.

I didn't think this was a particularly "brunchy" place.  But several things on the menu looked interesting and I'd definitely go back to try them.  I'm not in Manayunk often, but if I decide to head there for a day to check out the shops I'd give Winnie's another try.
I've been to Winnie's several times before for a quick, unexpected dinner out with the kids when we were out later than planned, and on those visits, it was fine.  Nothing special, but competent, and it was exactly what we wanted at those moments.

I'm writing this review because of the bizarre brunch my family had there today.  First off, I should say that the place was completely slammed, so all criticisms should be taken in that light.  We waited about 25 minutes to be seated, and it's not a very big place.

The problems were really isolated to the kitchen.  We ordered:  Mac-n-Cheese for the boy, pancakes for the girl, a veggie burger for mom, and an omelet from the specials menu for me.   Nothing special.  It took over 40 minutes for the kids' food to arrive, and both were served tepid-to-cold.  I actually watched the mac-n-cheese being microwaved from my chair in the dining room, so I'm not sure how that could possibly have taken that long and yet still have been cold on arrival.  My wife and I waited another 10 minutes before we were served.  To be fair, my wife's veggie burger was fine, but my omelet had to be the weirdest looking thing I've ever been served in a restaurant, and I'm not exaggerating.

The "egg-portion" of the omelet was completely separate from the "stuffing", but what was truly odd was that this egg blanket showed no sign at all of ever having been in a pan.  The surface was perfectly smooth, dry, and pale yellow.  Picture a lemon, rimless frisbee.   It was as if it had been precooked in some non-pan method (can you bake-off hundreds of omelet "shells" in advance?) and then just assembled when needed, kind of like a fast food egg biscuit.   But the oddity didn't stop with the impossibly cooked eggs.  The omelet was supposed to be a "smoked tomato rabe omelet".  So, I'm thinking, "AWESOME!"  What was inside the egg-shell-wrapper-thing were 3 massive chunks of tomato that had maybe been briefly charred on a burner and a scant few tablespoons of  sad, graying broccoli rabe bits.  It was as if they had tried to sweep their most disappointing vegetables under the rug; the rug being this horrifying egg thing on my plate.

Thumbs down, Winnie; all two of them.
I have yet to figure out why this place is always so packed.  I have been there a total of three times, and really only enjoyed it once.  The very first time was late this past winter for lunch with a friend.  I had the special which was a homemade turkey pot pie.  It was pretty delicious.  Since then, it's been a downward slope.

I've only been for lunch or an early dinner, so who knows?  Maybe their brunch is fantastic.  I highly doubt it.  But if it is, they should probably turn some of that focus on the rest of their meals.

Everything there is just mediocre, and there are definitely better places to get lunch on Main Street.  I prefer to go next door to Bella Trattoria, actually.

The one redeeming quality can be found in the bread basket.  They serve this one cinnamon raisin bread that is just irresistible, especially with a light coating of melted butter.  If you can, walk by someone's table outside and try to steal a piece out of their basket.  It'd be easier than sitting through a whole meal there.
Ate there again today for lunch. I don't know what is happening to this place but the quality of food was disappointing. My fries looked like they had been discarded off someone else's plate. My brownie dessert was ~ weird.

I won' be going back for a while.
I am extremely disappointed in my experience at Winnie's this morning and it is 100% due to the manager on duty. I showed up at 10:00 am with a party of 15 after our morning soccer game. We were sat at a table right away (we had some kids in the group so we didn't feel appropriate sitting at the bar) and the waitress came around and took our food and drink orders. Every adult at the table ordered alcohol (at least $8.50 each) and half of the table ordered food, with the expectation that more would order food later. I want to point out that there were several open tables around us and there were lots of open seats at the bar. Immediately after having our order taken, the tall, skinny manager with glasses came over and asked if we were ordering food. He proceeded to tell us that tables are typically reserved for people ordering brunch and reprimanded us for sitting at a table and taking up so much space. First, this is ridiculous. If this is their policy, they should have asked this question BEFORE we were seated (by their staff) and not after our order was taken. Second, half of our party were ordering food and we were spending a fortune on drinks - it would not have been a small bill. Third, the manager then proceeded to tell us that his reason for asking us to move was that "he has a responsibility to his owner." I'm sure his owner won't be happy about the loss of a multi-hundred dollar food and alcohol bill. We, of course, got up and left due to this manager's rudeness and went to the Bayou where we were seated, served and not treated like adolescents. I am disappointed in the treatment we received because I was looking forward to the kiwi mimosas.
FYI... Before you read this please understand, this was my first and only experience with Winnie's. One of the offerings on the menu is a Salman burger, which is topped with a spicy pickled ginger and cucumber, wasabi cream, scallions, and sriracha. The topping were a good combination and left a fresh zesty feel in my mouth. The burger itself was more problematic, the Salman had a overly fishy taste, as if the ground Salman had just expired. In fact, another member of my party ordered the same meal and expressed the same concern.  Like I said, this was my first time at Winnie's so I don't have any experience with the rest of the menu but I probably won't return.
This place puzzles me because it always seems pretty crowded so my expectations were high.I had the vegetarian chili and it didn't really impress me and everyone brags about the bread basket and I thought it was average at best. Prices on the menu were on the high side too service was slow but that was expected because they were very busy I have eaten at every restaurant on Main st in Manayunk and this would be in my bottom 3 with Chabaa,Derek's and Lucky's in my top 3
So I would give 3.5 stars to this place so, to give Le Bus the benefit I will give this meal a 4 star review.  Visiting friends who just moved to this area, they bought my bf and I here for a late lunch, as we missed the brunch menu.  The service was prompt and cheery.  I ordered the something or other Colorado salad with avocado.  It was delicious, fresh and was not huge but, perfectly sized.  The free bread basket was filled with a variety of breads to try and they waitress refilled it happily.

This place had a cute decorum with lots of light and space.  Again, we came later in the afternoon so the place was pretty empty and not quite dinner crowd. They seemed to have a pretty good craft beer list on draught and overall I probably wouldn't come here again since there are so many other places to try in this awesome foodie place, people like to call Philadelphia (and outlying areas) but, still enjoyed this place enough to say if you are on Main Street in this cute little neighborhood most definitely stop in and try for yourself.
This place is OK. Just stopped by for lunch with my friend yesterday!! 
 **if you have a dog, get excited because your pup CAN sit with you outside, so that was awesome! My dog loved "going out to eat"** (felt that was important because if you're like me you can't find necessarily reliable sources on dog friendly restaurants all the time)

Pros: obviously the dog thing. We shared a basket of fries and it was MORE than enough for two people.  They were also really good and not overly oily in my opinion

Cons: My Caesar salad wasn't anything to write home about.  It was good, just not great and not very large either. I left still a bit hungry!  I also felt there menu was a bit pricey and did not have many options which was a bit of a disappointment.
I've been here for brunch a couple of times. Since Winnie's is pretty established with Yelp reviews, I'll roll my critique up into some quick bullets:

Pro's
-Very solid brunch and morning cocktail menu. They have seasonal breakfast specials (e.g. pumpkin pancakes) and serve the table complimentary breads and jam spreads (the mixed berry is excellent) before your entree.
-Cozy ambiance, with an cool outdoorsy motif. I love the inverted racing shell hanging from the rafters and the framed cycling jerseys accenting the walls.
-Outdoor seating that includes heaters for cooler weather. It's also dog-friendly!

Con's
-It is a tad expensive. I ordered an omelette and assumed my wheat toast was included with the meal. Slightly annoyingly, it was not.
I was searching for a new brunch spot after I couldn't get a seat at my favorite branching spot which has apparently gotten too popular. I decided to give Winnie's a try as google told me it was similar to Green Eggs which I enjoy. Google was wrong. The food wasn't nearly as good as Green Eggs and our service was spotty. I'm hoping our server had just started working there, because she had zero menu knowledge. I like the diversity of the menu but after having a few drinks with brunch we ended up spending $100 and definitely didn't feel it was worth it. The omelette & French toast we had was ok. Side of turkey sausage was incredibly dry but the turkey sausage in the omelette wasn't cooked as hard and was tasty. I didn't have a bad experience but Philly has so many -great- brunch spots that I probably wouldn't come back here.
I came here for lunch on Memorial Day with a couple friends. It's a nice location on Main St, with a lot of outdoor seating, and a really nice interior. It's decorated with cycling jerseys, there's a full bar with good craft beer and yummy sounding mimosas, and a nice sized dining room.

I ordered the Avocado BLT which was awesome. The sweet potato fries were fantastic also - definitely worth it. I wasn't a fan of the dipping sauce they served them with, but they brought me out ranch dressing. My friends got the Thai Chicken Salad which looked really good, and I had a bite of it. It's definitely big enough to get that and something else to share with someone. My sister ordered the tuna sandwich, which she liked.

The server was very attentive! The food took quite awhile, which is my only complaint - but I got approximately 10 refills on my water, so that's good. Oh, and you get bread to start with! Delicious.
One word, terrible!  My friend and I wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, so we ordered some chicken sandwiches.   The service was absolutely horrible, we had to wait 1/2 hour for 2 sandwiches, even worse a party of three came in about 10 min after us and still got their meal first.  I would highly recommend skipping this place on a stroll through Manayunk.
Their veggie burger is just okay. Considering the price point and the good things I've heard about this restaurant, I really was expecting more. At least the service was solid. I also wished they had vegan bread options.
How is it possible that I've yet to review Le Bus? I've been coming here for well nigh 10 years (yikes, how did that happen?), and it's a linchpin of the Manayunk restaurant scene. 

As most reviews note, Le Bus is known or breakfast/brunch. It's probably the best place in Manayunk for recovering the morning after. But it's also great for lunch, dinner, and late night snacks. In fact, they are often serving food when lots of other places have closed, such as Monday nights at 9pm, when Manayunk is a ghost town. 

The menu features a nice mix of American cuisine, embellished with flourishes from other flavor profiles, like Thai. The highlights of the dinner menu include: thai turkey salad, the honey chipotle wings (these are awesome), and I think their nacho plate is quite good. All of the food is well prepared and nicely presented. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal here. 

The bar has a decent array of liquors and wines, and beer selection is all craft on the taps (mostly stuff you've had if you try lots of beers) and domestics in bottles. The bar area is spacious, comfortable, and pleasant to sit at. 

The best part of Le Bus is the people. It's locally owned, and you can tell that the owners put a lot of pride into it and run a tight ship. They hire all really nice people to work there, the kitchen crew is clearly in sync, and the exposed kitchen is immaculate. Seriously immaculate. I was watching them scrub down the room at the end of the night and was super impressed. 

You can't go wrong with Le Bus.
This place is fine, but just that. 

I've been to Winnie's for brunch twice and lunch once, and if I never went back, I wouldn't think twice. 

There's nothing wrong with the food or the service, and yes, the bread basket is good, but I am generally underwhelmed by the generic menu. Not worth waiting in line for on a weekend morning. Lots of other better, more interesting brunch locations in Manayunk.
Food is ok. 

Service was crappy. 

It was loud.

The sangria tastes HORRIBLE.  Both my mom and I ordered it, she thought it tasted like a dish rag and I thought it tasted like BO. The waitress took our drinks back and said that many people have said the sangria is bad. DON'T PUT IT ON THE MENU ANY MORE. Give us a discount for having us endure the B.O.-dish rag drink. 

Booo. Winnie's.
Although I know this place is highly recommended, the brunch is only average.  It offers average brunch-y fair, done average-ly.  Maybe other meals are what it's known for, I really hope it's not this.  Stop into another cute Manayunk restaurant to grab some brunch.
Breakfast review:  It's great, great bread that's at every table, fresh squeezed OJ, and homemade? fruit preserves at the table.  I'm not sure what's up with sides of meat, but neither of us got any.  There are no specialty syrups.  If you like breakfast foods, but don't like diners or Denny's, you will be happy here.

People watching tables outside and in the front of the restaurant.

I liked the service, the food came fast, and there's a nice atmosphere.  Approx. $25 for 2.
It's definitely crowded on a Sunday morning but we just sat at the bar and had no wait. I got the buttermilk pancakes with walnuts and bananas which were denser than I normally like but still overall tasted good and were filling (only ate 2/3) and my mom got an omelette with a side of bacon which she said was great. Best part was the fresh OJ used for the mimosas. Overall a solid spot for brunch, nothing special but everything was good!
My favorite lunch spot in Manayunk, hands down. Interesting menu (Cuban sandwich & open faced grilled cheese are excellent) and quick, friendly service combine for a great experience. Prices are surprisingly reasonable. 


Their breakfast/brunch is mediocre and always has a huge crowd, do yourself a favor and wait an extra hour or two then hit it up lunchtime style.
Met up with a coworker for lunch and was surprised at how full the place was - they do a good weekday lunchtime business! We ate light, he had the Thai noodle salad, which he said was very good, and I had the Blue Colorado salad, which comes with grape tomatoes, asparagus, grilled corn, and crumbled bleu cheese on top of greens and spinach with a yummy vinegarette. I opted to add the chili chicken to my salad, which was a nice addition on a cold day, as it was served warm and with a nice amount of spice. 

Overall, a very good salad, and a nice bustling yet cozy ambiance, but it was a little pricey - my salad was $13.75, which seemed high for an albeit good spinach salad with chicken. That being said, the food was good enough that I'd definitely come back again (with a bigger appetite!).
i've been here before. several times, actually. but...it must have been under different ownership. it was always cool, but nothing like now.

the experience this time was awesome. early dinner, party of four. we wanted something easy and casual. the flat bread pizza thing that is supposed to be shared - yeah, don't even bother sharing. everyone get one for themselves.

lobster mac and cheese was not only ridiculously delicious, with the perfect balance of ingredients, but the size was impressive...especially for the price.

salads - winner. service - winner. zero complaints, all praise. i can't wait to go back next time i'm in that area.

glad to see they still have La Salle art on the walls!
I would not recommend this place. The service we had was good, BUT we had trouble from the start. Also, the food is mediocre at best, and WAY overpriced, almost Manhattan prices...anyways...

Firstly, my glass of water had some sort of crud in it from not being cleaned properly. Waiter promptly got me a new glass, after I pointed this out. 
Second, my lady's glass was chipped, and could have easily cut her. I guess they have a problem with their glassware and care/cleaning of such. 
Third, we ordered a meal and specifically ask for no tomatoes. Waiter comes, with the food, and says "well looks like the chef put tomatoes in there, I told them NO tomatoes though. you aren't allergic, are you? Will it still be ok?" Seriously? Can't your cooking staff follow simple directions? Or do they even read the specifics within the orders? If she was allergic we'd have a bigger problem on our hands. Luckily she isn't. 

My lobster Mac and cheese was very forgettable. I had to add a lot of salt and pepper to even get a small amount of taste. Sad as I've had some damn good crab/lobster Mac and cheeses in my life and this didn't even get close to any of them. 

It's sad that this place was recommended to me, and it turned out to be a big bust. They did comp us a drink to make up for the chefs lack of reading ability, but it still pisses me off that we go to a nice restaurant, that charges A LOT of money for fish tacos I can get down the street at half price (that actually taste better), and they can't follow simple directions. 

Thanks, but no thanks. I won't be coming back.
Ok, so picture this. It's my first trip to Manayunk, and I've heard such great things about it, so I'm pretty excited. After driving around for a bit, we found a good parking space, and decided to get out and explore. We'd driven past Winnie's and spoken about trying it, but we were pretty much open to whatever caught our eyes. We walked to Winnie's and looked at the menu. Immediately, the Colorado salad (I think that's what it was called, because I can't find it on the menu now) caught my eye. My friend didn't see anything she liked though, so we kept it moving. We stopped into a fabulous furniture store, and a few other stores before deciding to go back to Winnie's for lunch. Our waitress was really friendly - sorry I don't remember your name, Ma'am. She brought us some yummy bread - raisin nut, cornbread and pumpernickel, I believe. The raisin nut was delicious, the cornbread was good and the pumpernickel was good with the super yummy preserves. So anyway, I ended up ordering my salad, plus candied walnuts (candied walnuts make everything better), and it ended up being fabulous! Grilled, well-seasoned chicken breast, asparagus, tomatoes, bleu cheese and candied walnuts, all mixed up with a yummy, unknown dressing make for one very happy Cara. My friend loved her turkey burger as well. We ate outside, and witnessed this woman trying to parallel park - she was the worst. It made for an interesting lunch. I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the area.
My daughter and I went for Sunday brunch which, and not to stray from this review but I probably will, should be all about tasting. Restaurants that don't offer a buffet are simply selling breakfast. A brunch buffet is not to encourage the opportunity to stuff ones self but to be able to sample a variety of delictible bites. One reason I just love the emerging "tasting" or chef's menus.
 
I've wanted to say that for so long. So with it finally out of my system, I can move on!

The wait staff is amazing. I hope the powers that be appreciate them! I have to say, the main reason Winnie's is getting 4 stars is the Bloody Mary which was just wonderful. In fact, the second most wonderful in my lifetime and, believe me, I am not exaggerating! I love Bloody Marys. It's my favorite Sunday morning drink, other than coffee, and they have it nailed. The only thing I would add is a rim of Old Bay but still amazing.

We both ordered the Eggs Benedict. I asked for mine with the twist of a crab cake. Mistake. It was frozen and tasting like it had been frozen for some time prior to being on my plate. I should have known. On a brighter note, the Hollandaise was delightful. Perfectly balanced with just the right amount of lemon.

But let me talk about the side of sausage. Tasty, smokey, porky, spicy and wonderful. Order it if you go. 

Enjoy!
I really, really liked this place.  We went for dinner on a Saturday night.  The bread basket was great.  There were four of us - we ordered 4 different things and we all left full and happy.  

I got the caesar salad and the tilapia.  The fish was delicious!  I was actually really disappointed to have forgotten my leftovers at my boyfriend's apartment and made him promise to eat them during the week! He got the jambalaya, my friend got the asian noodles, both good, and my other friend got the meatloaf I think, which I was too full to try.  I can't wait to go back here.
This is a solid restaurant on Main Street Manayunk. It's has a great bar with a good selection (which is often forgotten about as Main St is home to many bars).  I've been her several times and have always experienced solid service.  It's has a solid menu with a variety of options and the food is pretty tasty.  They are always full which is a good sign that it's worth checking out.  For all the college folk in the neighborhood its also a good acceptable place to take parents when visiting. Vibe is casual but you still get a solid dine out experience.
Again, I wish I could have the ability to half star things.  I'd give it 3.5 stars, which is more than the average here.  The reason this place is always so packed?  It's a. one of the few brunch places in the area, and b. it's trendy to be seen here, I think.  It always seems as if the people here are wanting to be seen.  Which, you know, whatever floats your boat.  

I used to eat here years ago, before I moved.  I think I actually went on a date here.   

We were in the area on Saturday, and were looking to get a late lunch.  Again, we have a toddler, so this is one of those things that we have to go where our son can make nose, or a mess and not be glared at because he's being a toddler (although, aside of this review, our son is actually very good in resturants, as he's good at entertaining himself).  

The wait was pretty minimal, but there was still a wait at about 2:30 in the afternoon.   We waited about 10 minutes for our table, which wasn't too bad.  The server was very nice and very kid friendly.  The cornbread is pretty tasty.  We both had the turkey burger, which was pretty good and flavorful, although, the "fried onions" were just a little less than sauteed.  But all in all, it wasn't bad.   The service was quick and friendly.  The other thing I don't really like about this place is that you're jammed in like sardines.  The tables are too close together, and makes you feel as if you're dining with a lot more people than you really want to be.  I'm sure that others don't want me accidentally hearing their conversations, as much as I don't want them listening to mine.  

It's much nicer in the spring/summer months, when you can dine outside.
Sadly, we won't be going back, at least not for brunch.  

We sat at the bar on a Saturday.  There was one other couple at the bar, but it took the bartender over five minutes to come over and greet us.  She looked like she was struggling, recovering from a rough night.  Either that or she just had zero F%*ks to give.  The busboy was awesome though, totally sweet and very on top of it.  

The food was... eh.  We both ordered a basic eggs over easy with bacon and potatoes.  The eggs were cooked, but came out cold.  We wanted to ask to have them either recooked or warmed up, but the bartender disappeared on us.  She was gone so long, we thought that maybe she had slipped out the back door and made a run for it.  Or maybe a slow stumble.  
She eventually came back, but by that time we were over it.  I asked for a glass of water, which she served with pieces of weird bar funk floating around in it.  I asked her for another, which she did begrudgingly, and sure enough, floating funk.  Nope.  

It's a bummer cause this was one of the better brunch / lunch places in manayunk, but after that, I'll be going elsewhere.  At least if I cook brunch at home I can have a glass of water that's free of bar gross.
Party of seven and we got a table in less than five minutes.  Wait staff was very attentive (I drink a lot of water and my glass was always full without asking).  They have a reasonable beer and wine selection (as well as tea).  I have read all of the below reviews and am convinced that none of those people ever tried the spanakopita.  Seriously, I have never been to Greece but I have been to Tarpon Springs, FLA and have never ever tasted spanikopta that melts in your mouth - until tonight at Le Bus!!  My dinner companions all seemed quite pleased with their selections.  The pear salad looked amazing (and I am told was super).  They also have more than one vegetarian selection to include making their own veggie burger.  The cookies were yummy too - try the rocky road cookie!  I would go back tomorrow night if I could!!
Overall the restaurant was a big disappointment. The last time I was here is when it was just LeBus and it was excellent, but it has gone downhill since then. There was real problems with the kitchen, it took over 45 minutes for our main courses to be served and it wasn't busy. The waiter was also inexperienced as a person in our party ordered a salad and it was brought out with her main meal.

If you were a vegetarian, your meal was top notch. My wife's brown rice nut salad and my friends crisp pear salad were great. Another in our party had the special lobster ravioli which was also ok.
Unfortunately the meatatarians in our group had Moms meatloaf which was a disaster. Described as "prime black angus ground beef, mashed potatoes, fresh vegetables & homemade mushroom gravy" the result was over cooked and dry beef, mediocre potatoes and canned mushrooms. My friends meatloaf meal was the same. The manager approached us near the end of our meals and asked how they were, but I did not make a fuss as the rest of my party's meals were ok and I was not in a confrontational mood. 

The only reason this restaurant didn't get one star was due to their nacho appetizer my friend had. This was one of the best I have ever tasted as they make the chips in house and the cheese was great. So if you come here, go for the nachos and veggie dishes, Your cravings for meat would best satisfied elsewhere.
A friend and I stopped in here for dinner this past week. It was pretty good! We shared the chipotle wings (see picture) and they were surprisingly delicious. He had a salmon sandwich and I got the Vermont burger. The best part of the meal was this sour cream-horseradish-applesauce concoction for the sweet potato fries! I'd go back for more! Server was very friendly and attentive. They even have nice seating outside on the sidewalk for a nice day/night.
I have been there twice now for brunch. The first time I went, I was going by myself. I asked for a table for two and the insisted that I should just sit at the bar. I told them I didn't want to sit at the bar because I wanted more space to relax and read. They sat about 6 couples ahead of me. I finally sat at the bar just so I could get. I ordered a shrimp salad that was very overpriced for what it was. I had a $10 mimosa, which again, was very overpriced for a little bit of champagne and 3/4 oj (I saw them make it since I had to sit at the bar). I left very unimpressed, and frankly, not in a good mood. 

The second time I went for brunch I had a better experience. I was meeting some friends, so we were offered a table. I ordered their turkey blt and it was delicious. It was a huge portion and very filling. This sandwich was actually priced correctly. 

I think this restaurant is great if you want to go with friends and eat breakfast food, but not if you want to have a leisure Saturday and try to eat healthy.
I went here for my first time for brunch. I had rode my bike about ten miles and was famished. The wait for two was about 15 minutes. Once seated the waitress dropped off a basket of sweet breads. One was cornbread and the other was a nutty/fruity combo, both were tasty.

I ordered the banana nut pancakes, a side of bacon, and roasted red potatoes. The pancakes and bacon were cooked to perfection. I loved how the bananas in the pancakes melted with the actual pancake. The nuts provided a nice crunch. The roasted potatoes were a little tough, it was almost as if they had been sitting around for a couple of hours. Def skip the roasted red potatoes. 

They offer mimosas, but they were a little pricey. Anything over $4 for a champagne flute of champagne and OJ is out of my budget. I'm from the land of bottomless mimosas AKA D.C. and I just couldn't justify buying mimosas a la carte. Not sure if they are BYOB but I did not see anyone with their own stash so i'm assuming they aren't.

Overall I was pleased with the services and the food. I will come back.
Eh.  Bread is great.  Brown rice nut salad is great (but only available at lunch).  Turkey burger is good.  Bread pudding is amazing.  Crappy wine selection.  Good, though overpriced, drinks.  

I realize I'm not helping much with this review, but really, it's all I got.  OK food at an OK price...  though sadly, one of the better choices in Manayunk.
I definitely could  just be used to NY living and nothing else can compare- but I def have had better brunch in my lifetime.  I got the chicken salad club and it was okay.  I just felt it was super overpriced for what you got.  Someone at my table got the french toast and that seemed like the best thing on the menu.  

....and what brunch place doesn't make cappuccinos? WTF
This place was great! Perfect meal for a snow day. I am so annoyed at myself because I cannot remember the name of the server who took care of us but I really wanted to mention how helpful he was. For some reason, I feel like it is Darren James or something similar??? Either way the food was great. The service was great. I ordered a mimosa and asked for it to be light on the orange juice and they didn't even give me a second look. I ordered a regular egg breakfast sandwich and it was tasty. The truffle fries are delightful. I enjoyed the open space and natural lighting the space has. I would come back anytime.
Short and sweet: 4 stars for mushroomy meatloaf!  This delicacy has nothing in common with those brick-like slabs your school cafeteria (or maybe your mom) turned out.  This is moist, flavorful comfort food of the best kind, with savory mushroom gravy, creamy mashed potatoes and nicely crisp fresh baby broccoli.  

Le Bus isn't high cuisine, but I'll gobble up this meatloaf any day.
Winnie's is the quintessential local hometown favorite. It's always packed for brunch on the weekends, so assume you will have a wait upon arrival. They serve all guests a basket of local
Philly breads, which are all unique and fresh. I've had the crab cake Benedict, the green egg white omelette, the breakfast sammie, and the buttermilk pancakes. The bread that the breakfast sammie is incredible, and I recommend adding sausage. Also, the fried pickles and honey chipotle wings are very good.
Wonderful service, great vibe, fresh, conscious food. Love Winnie's!

For those with food allergies, or dietary considerations you'll feel wonderfully taken care of. I always do. They are easily able to accommodate me, and have plenty of options that are both vegan and gluten-free.

If you can, sit outside :) such a great people watching spot.
I don't know what happened to Winnie's but my dinner last night was horrible.  My daughter asked to add cheese to her entree and was told she could not because they are "pre-made" ?  First I don't want to know my food is made in advance and microwaved. Second,still doesn't explain why cheese can't be added.  Nachos where over-microwaved and ended up chewy, not crisp.  Same with the Quesadilla.  The menu has changed and unless you want an overpriced salad there's not much else to choose from.  Very disappointing, I will not be returning.  There's too many better picks on Main Street.  Get back in the saddle Winnie's, what's going on?

Veronica M.
Le Bus always seems to have a steady flow of people - students, young professionals, and families alike - so we figured we'd stop in for a casual dinner.

Atmosphere was chill, menu was pretty standard - their drink list looked interesting, but I refrained. I immediately went for the meatloaf, because why not. My two (male) companions ordered a salad and a salmon burger, which obviously made me look like the gross, gluttonous one. 

Bread basket was good, they had this hearty bread packed with cranberries/raisins/a similar little fruit and nuts...really good. The meatloaf was topped with a "gravy" of sorts that seemed a little congealed and gelatinous, but it wasn't cold, so I'm not sure what it was made of. But the meatloaf itself was alright. Sides of mashed potatoes and veg were pretty normal, can't say much about those. The salmon burger was really good, though. 

I want to give this place another shot and maybe try a seasonal item on their menu...it's in the neighborhood, it's casual, and it's reasonably priced, so I'd like to find a reason to make this a go-to spot.
Heard Winnies was under new management so decided to give it another try. Boyfriend really wanted brunch. Flowers on the table were terrible, they smelled funny and so did the dirt in the pot they were planted in. Doesn't exactly make you want to eat more. Completed order. Got bread, no butter. Generally not a big deal except server never came by to check how things were to even ask until right before our actual order came out. Which btw was FOREVER. i ordered pancakes..that doesnt take 30+ minutes.Anyhow, only managed to get 1 pancake down. Idk, just wasnt doing it for me.. After getting home, proceeded to get ill.. Awesome. Didnt make it in to work the next day. Thanks Winnies!
I checked Winnie's out for brunch with my husband, sister-in-law, and brother-in-law on Saturday morning. The entire group were completely beyond satisfied with our meals. Both me and my brother-in-law also had the rustic frittata (including the prosciutto), my sister-in-law had an omelette, and my husband had the Huevos rancheros. I thoroughly enjoyed my "rustic frittata". I requested that they substitute mushrooms for the prosciutto - I wanted to lick the plate clean. 

Between the attentive service and the delicious food, I absolutely have no complaints!
First time in Manayunk in 2yrs. I'd never eaten at Winnie's before so my friend suggested it for lunch. I'm glad she did.

We opted for the indoor dining because it was too humid outside. It was very quiet inside and out but to be expected in these COVID times.

The environment is clean and neat. Tables are well spaced so we felt even more comfortable being inside. Service was pleasant and prompt. We didn't need to use the toilet so can't give an opinion on that facility.

I had the Blue Colorado Salad, my friend had the Cheddar Burger and we shared the Honey Chipotle Wings. Soooo good!

I mean, those wings were so good, I got an order to takeaway!

Will defo be back.
This review has been a long time coming. I have had SO many negative experiences at Winnie's. The food and convenient location has made it worth going back to try again but the service... the service has been so horrible it has made me crazy with frustration. Sadly, I will not be returning.

Over the summer, I went to Winnie's with a group of four. We did not have to wait too long for our table which was great because the place was packed. I ordered eggs benedict and was shocked when I took a bite and heard and felt a loud crunch. There was a HUGE egg shell. It made my stomach turn. I informed my waitress who looked shocked and took my plate away. She did not ask if I would like another, she just had the kitchen bring another out. My appetite was ruined and I was so pissed to have to pay for such an unappetizing meal that I did not end up eating. I have worked in the industry and felt bad taking it out on the waitress so I paid and tipped and left.

Another experience this fall made me lose my sympathy for the wait staff. I spent about 3 hours there for brunch. Most of the time was waiting for the food. Reminding our waitress, when we could find her and keep her attention for more than a minute, that she had forgotten our coffee and additional drinks. After we received our meals, she did not even bother to check-in to see if everything came out okay. In fact, we did not see her for the rest of our meal. I ended up approaching another waitress and asked if she would please print out our check so that we could pay and leave.

The last time I went, I got a seat at the bar for brunch. I thought it would be IMPOSSIBLE for the two staff members working the bar to ignore us since we were so close. I was proven wrong. Another 3 hours wasted waiting for really simple breakfast items. I also ordered coffee that did not get refilled despite my asking for more. I have never tipped below 20% but this experience led to a first for me. 

The only reason I give two stars, instead of one, is because I have had some great food here. It is sadly NOT worth the frustration.
I think this restaurant is a Manayunk staple! Definitely worth a visit if you're in town.  I have been here several times for dinner, brunch, etc. I would rank my brunch experience a lot higher than my dinner experiences. If I could write separate reviews, brunch would be a four star experience and dinner is a solid 3 stars.

In the fall, they have a pumpkin soup special and this is easily one of my favorite items! I even ordered extra to go! Also nothing better than a good egg's benny, and they make a solid Benedict for brunch.

My last dinner experience, I was with my little sister and we ordered nachos as an appetizer, and salmon burger and salmon salad as our entrees. The salmon sandwich was very delicious, and we opted for sweet potato fries (always a great choice). I was surprised by the small portion size of the salad. The nachos were probably the most disappointing.  I was expecting more toppings on it rather than a spoonful of guac, drizzle of sour cream and white cheese melted, I wasn't a fan of the cheese used on top either. Probably won't order those again.

Overall, definitely worth a visit for a brunch or even drinks. I'll be returning in the fall for their pumpkin soup!
Decided to give Winnie's in Manuyunk a try after hearing some positive feedback on this place for brunch!

This is the first brunch place that gives you a variety basket of bread (raisin bread, corn bread, wheat bread, etc) with jam and butter. The jam was good but a bit too sweet for me. It was also a big jar of jam; which I assume is the same jar used for other tables as well. To me, sharing the same jar is not very sanitary...

My husband ordered the Huevos Rancheros which was surprisingly very good. There is no meat in this dish. I ordered the Crab Cake Bennie because I love trying Crab Cake everywhere I go. Although the Crab Cake wasn't bad, they skimped out on the portion of the crab cake, the crab cake was so thin, it was barely noticeable, which was a bit disappointing for a $16 brunch dish. Overall, the taste and quality was pretty average. 

I also ordered hot tea, which came in a tea pot with one tea bag for $4 - which I thought was a bit pricey for the tea bag.
This place gets very busy for weekend brunch, but the food is worth it! If you want to avoid the crowds, come for a weekday breakfast or earlier on Saturday/Sunday. You'll always wait less if it's just a small group. We typically find a seat at the bar even when it is busy. The servers are extremely friendly and make you feel welcomed. 

The bread they serve you when you first sit down is fresh and the jam is delicious. I even ended up buying a jar to take home with me. I've had multiple menu items here, but my go-to are over easy eggs with turkey sausage, toast, and potatoes. Some of our other favorites re the French toast, the cure, and the chicken and waffles Bennie. Everything tastes great and they serve ample portions. Additionally, the orange juice is fresh squeezed and makes for awesome mimosas. I'd recommend if you are in the area and looking for a good brunch!
I used to love to eat at this cafe or just pick up some fresh bread but I stopped in this week and wasnt impressed.  I ordered the ahi Tuna and a glass of wine.  My Sauvignon Blanc was nothing to get excited over and my fish was dry and laking anything exciting.  I like that you can sit outside at this place, but thats not hard to come by on Main Street Manayunk.  

There is too much competition on Main Steet to get by with sub-par food and service.  I was only eating with one other person and the server couldnt keep straight who got what...his plate came out with my broccoli and mine with his side.

I have to be fair and add that I have been here many times and ordered sandwhiches and really enjoyed them so I gave them an extra star for that.  Dont know that I'll return for dinner anytime soon.  Good to note though that their bread is fantastic and the foccacia that you can get at the Rittenhouse location is really tasty .
This place is awesome. Everything from the food to the decor to service. The honey chipotle wings were very very good. I had the stuffed pork chop as my entree and my date had the lobster Mac. My dish was basically thanksgiving on a plate. It was very delicious. The lobster Mac could have used a little more lobster, but it was still delightful. The only knock I would give on Winnie's is that out server didn't know much about the food. She said that there was a few new items but she didn't taste them. All in all, a great experience and I'll definitely be back.
Went for dinner earlier. Sat at bar. Saw a HUGE bug/insect jump off the girl next me appetizer plate and run across the bar. I almost threw up. Bartender  tried to cover it up..Quickly paid my tab and left. Yuck.
I like Le Bus for brunch but I think people raved about it soooo much I expected more.  It's a typical brunch place.  Their omelet is good with fresh and delicious ingredients.  The fruit plate was fresh.  And the OJ delish, squeezed on site.  I enjoyed it and would go again but wasn't so bowled over I need to put it in permanent rotation.
My wife and I were visiting Philly and we drove to this place, which was off the beaten path for us.  The food was very mediocre and they committed what I view as a major no-no.  I ordered their "award winning" pancakes which are supposed to be accompanied by "Pennsylvania dutch maple syrup."  Instead they were served with what I can only describe as Aunt Jemima syrup.  If you want to cheap out and use the fake stuff, then please don't advertise that you are using maple syrup.  

Aside from this, these "award winning pancakes" were pretty average.

Don't waste your time on this place.
Le Bus is alway a fun spot for breakfast.  Although they are nearly always packed the food and service is consistent.
I live in Manayunk and after eating at Winnie's several times I've come to the conclusion that it's OVER-RATED.  Definitely one of the better places to dine on Main St, but there's more to Manayunk than Main St!  Food & drinks are good, a bit pricey.  The free bread is a nice treat.  Dine here if you must, it's a good time once in a blue moon.  My advice: EXPLORE other areas of Manayunk & Roxborough, you will find better!
Go for Brunch. Expect a line. 

Salads are great.

Burgers are ok but their crabcake burger is amazing. 

My only real complaint is they have like, 5 menus
bfast, brunch, lunch and before dinner, dinner.
lame.
Quick and courteous service.  Had fritatta and it was fabulous! My bf had eggs Benedict and he loved it. Wish they had more outdoor seating but still awesome. Will continue to go back!
It is rare but every once in a while a restaurant loses your order an you sit there waiting. How they respond to it is how well I judge a company. As soon as they realized that our order had been lost the manager came out, apologized, personally delivered our order and then put it on the house. Perfect by the book customer service. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to grab a bite in Manayunk. Finally, as I know this matters, the food was awesome.
raisin bread that was superb.. accompanied by butter and orange marmalade.. yummm

I ordered a ceasar salad.. yes yes I know.. not hard to mess up but I Was caught up between the pancakes and the veggie burger so I went with something totally different....

the salad had the perfect dressing to lettuce ratio.. the croutons were fresh made.. which is a + .. and the lettuce was nice and crisp... 

we randomly stumbled upon this place.. after I biked to east falls and my friend drove to manayunk because all the bars in east falls near her were closed @ 1 in the afternoon on a sunday ! hahaha..

and they have plenty of veggie friendly options on the menu which makes me happy to have a plethora of things to choose from instead of just 1 or 2... 

all in all I'll be back.. for something not so easy to get right.,.. I just have a thing for that bread..niceeeeeeeee
I'd been to Le Bus 6 years ago and remembered their excellent brown rice nut salad, so I ordered it again. It was a few days before my niece's birthday, so she and I had a glass of white wine. My sister, niece and I ordered the brown rice nut salad again, along with an order of the sweet potato fries. Our friendly and expensively educated waiter (Penn Charter and Williams) was great. He asked if I wanted shrimp or chicken on the salad and I chose the chicken and requested that it be sauteed. No problem. After filling up on the ample helpings we asked for the bill. I was stupefied that they charged FIFTEEN dollars for the little chicken topping!!! I didn't say anything, but they really should have told me how much it was going to add to the bill. I would have passed and asked for another glass of wine instead. Great location, attractive crowd and good food but horribly expensive chicken add-ons!
Excellent!!!! Emily was a LADY of a waitress. Food was top notch. Service was better. 5 stars.
I had brunch once at winnies and it was decent, which prompted my friend and I to return..However, after my most recent experience, I will not come back to Winnies.

My friend and I went to Winnies for restaurant week last night. The fixed menu selection was decent and they were open to providing my friend with a different type of salad as an appetizer (which was very nice because often times restaurants are not willing to change their menu during restaurant week). The restaurant was NOT crowded. There were about 4-5 other tables when we were sat. We waited a  long time (10-15 minutes) for bread and our soup and salad. Then we waited even LONGER (I'd say approx 30-40 minutes) for our dinner. When the dinner arrived, my order was incorrect. The server was very nice and put in the correct order..but it was super annoying to have to wait even longer for my dinner. My friend's order was correct, however it was seriously HORRIBLE. VERY AWFUL. It was COLD and super dry chicken. I didn't even realize it was possible to screw up chicken that bad. The waitress offered to reheat the food in the microwave-pass..we didn't want to dry it out even more! 

My entree came out and it was pretty decent (I got veggie enchiladas). 

The server was friendly. However, when the bill came it was over $100. We both had 2 drinks (3 beers and one mixed drink)...but seriously...It was restaurant week so each of the fixed meals were $20.00..The restaurant made us wait a very long time, got our food order incorrect, and the food was cold and disgusting....I'm not one to complain but it was seriously so so bad and the restaurant did nothing to acknowledge their mistakes and failure to provide good food. I will not go back.
I've been here a few times since living in manayunk and have always had a mediocre experience. 
Pros: One thing I really like about Winnie's is that they have a variety of healthier menu options (gluten-free, wheat buns, etc) and are very accommodating with substitutions. I choose to come here for dinner when I am dieting or with someone who has food restrictions for this reason. I also like their outdoor seating area for the warmer months, it's situated in a prime people-watching location on main street. Lastly, their bread basket served before dinner is delicious and includes a variety if breads including corn bread(my fave). 
Cons: Their menu doesn't have a big selection and is not so good for people who do not tend to eat healthy. They have a good happy hour every day but only offer it at the very small inside bar. Their breakfast/brunch is not the best, there are many other places to go in manayunk. Finally, I think everything n their menu is a little overpriced. Neither the quality of food or ambiance of the restaurant are upscale, yet all their entrees are priced this way and their beers are too pricey for the size glass they are served in.
Gross is the first word that comes to mind when I think about this place. I've eaten here twice now and each time gets worst. I had the blackened Colorado chicken sandwich. What's a Colorado? Is that where the sandwich originated? If it did they should send it back. GROSS dry chicken with 2 pieces of dry bacon, mmmmm. Not. Not to mention it came with soggy fries that looked like they got them at the acme in the frozen food aisle. I was sitting at the bar and I could hear all the commotion in the kitchen, I could also see the waiter in the back putting the lettuce on the plate with his bare hands and taking it out and coming back and doing it again. Also there was some weird ugly lesbian looking lady walking around real fast yelling at people. Idk if she was a manager or what but it was very unprofessional. This place is a horrible restaurant and idk how they stay in business other than it's the only DINER in the area, but I've had WAY better food at real diners.
To anyone who loves hash browns i.e. pan-fried, shredded potatoes--the hash browns on this menu are merely chunked, roasted potatoes (and dry ones at that); the grits you're offered as an alternative are heavenly, so choose wisely!

I've had some amazing brunches here, and their Restaurant Week menu never disappoints. Drink menu is short and sweet. I would not recommend stopping by if you're in a rush, particularly for breakfast/brunch. At my last visit, we spent more than an hour waiting for our food to arrive and nearly as long trying to flag down someone for the check (it was a busy morning).
@Jesy 6 Winnie's Le Bus only uses fresh, locally purchased produce and ingredients in their menu items. Your server was probably new and didn't know what she was talking about
Ho hum.  Nothing bad for a Saturday breakfast.  Just unispired all around.  Uninspired food.  Uninspired service.  

Better off to save 25% and go down the street to the Manayunk  Diner or the Llanarch Diner.
I thought once I moved out of New York that would be the end of Sunday Brunch but then we went to Winnie's and had the most wonderful brunch- Great service, Food and although it's hella popular, the wait wasn't that bad, they're very efficient in seating people- the wait is really on the people who are sitting at a table of 6 all texting and not working on splitting their bill. 
The multigrain pancakes were really good, as were the specialty mimosas. Our waitress was really nice and totally on her game although it was busy and we had 8 people with several allergies and other restrictions. Really great for a Sunday Brunch!!!
Best huevos rancheros ever. It's the only entree I ever get here and I'm all about trying something new. Yup, it's that good. Also love the mimosa selection. 

The only negative thing I will say is that this place is worth it for brunch only. I did not enjoy dinner here one bit. But you cannot go wrong with brunch. 

It is a little bit on the pricey side especially for a brunch place, but they do give larger portions, so you definitely get your money's worth
Lovely Tuesday afternoon- horribly dissapointing lunch.  The food was sub par and the service was worse.  We sat outside and I think this means they forgot about us for a while.  The salad was swimming in dressing, the burger was overdone. We had to stalk our waitress to get the check because we were dying to leave and enjoy the sunshine elsewhere. Don't waste your time here- go to Couch Tomato!
Cute place. Good food. Excellent service. Came here on a Sunday morning/afternoon for brunch and surprisingly, no wait! Right from the beginning, our service was AWESOME! Was very patient when I was trying to strap in my baby, looking at the menu, undecided on what I wanted, etc. My husband was simple and ordered just eggs and sausage. I ordered the fritata. It had tons of veggies ranging from squash to zuchini to mushrooms, onions and more. Then it was topped off with cheese. It was good but wasn't the best. It needed something else, but not sure what.

The 4 stars really comes from the great coffee. Mmm. I really enjoyed the coffee. And again, the service. Our server even brought over toys for my son to play. They def go above and beyond! :-) I do want to come back and check out the dinner menu though.
Visited friend in Philadelphia and they took me to this spot. First, Manayunk is a really cool town to check out! 
The food was great! Wait was a bit long but overall is was great. 

Awesome location!
Stopped in on a whim and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was amazing! Lobster Mac n Cheese was very good!  Creamy and full of lobster meat. We both got salads. They were equally exceptional and full of flavor.  Everything on the menu looked delicious and I look forward to returning to try other things!  The pineapple upside down cake was to die for! Our server was very nice and attentive and did not rush us at all. Can't wait to go back!

UPDATED:
Last night 9/8/17 we went to Winnie's and were so excited to dine there. Walked in to an almost empty place on a Friday night. We were seated and our server came over to greet us and had to apologize because she had no voice...she was barely able to get out one sentence without a struggle. She explained that she was "getting over a bad cold" I'm sorry, but how she looked and sounded she was most definitely still in the midst of a severe cold!  She walked away and we sat there contemplating staying or leaving. We left. It's astonishing that a restaurant would allow such a sick employee with a VIRAL INFECTION to handle food, plates, etc. We were extremely disappointed and will think twice on returning.
I have dined here 3x, most recently twice for lunch.  This is a perfect lunch destination for a group of 4-8 as the menu is diversified enough to appeal to all.

Great location on center court of Main Street.    The restaurant decor is finely set with cycling jerseys.  They also have a regulation racing shell set between neat wood beams over the bar area.  They do need to clean the visible dust bunnies though...

My recent menu selection was the Colorado Chicken sandwich.  A nice juicy sandwich complimented with a side of fries.  The bread basket, pre arrival of entree is also very good.

The beer selection looked great as well.  I noticed the Goose Island 312 on tap which is a very fine beer for the summer season.

Enjoy this one!
I've been here twice now.  Both times were during brunch, the second time was really crowded.  But we always had good service.

I love the corn bread that they give you.  I eat it up, and my family and I fight over it.  So yummy!

Chili is sort of an inside joke with my family.  I noticed that they had a vegetarian chili that "Should be Award Winning" and so I had to order it (a way long time ago when I was little, my family was traveling and we saw somewhere "The World's Second Best Chili."  We tried and it could have very well been the world's second best chili, but any chili title we will always compare to the world's second best chili). And Winnie's chili was pretty darn good!  Filled with beans and grains and yumminess! Definitely should be award winning!

The next time we went there I chose to get the banana walnut pancakes which were also really good. very fluffy and fresh, definitely better if you want a more "breakfast" like brunch.

I think Winnie's Le Bus has become a favorite of ours when we go to visit my sister, so I plan on going back there again!
Somebody else already said it: you're not going to be impressed with this place. I'll just list some words that describe it below.

1) Mundane
2) Bad service
3) Lame menu

The food just isn't good. I recommend avoiding this place. You'll be disappointed; or at best full, but not pleased.
The wife wanted sushi so I picked a place in Manayunk because we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate.  When the place was closed, we decided to wander Main Street and eat at a place that was open and looked okay.

Oddly enough on weekday afternoons a lot of places are closed down for lunch entirely or between lunch and dinner so our choices were more limited than one might expect.  We finally decided on Winnie's because it was open.

We ate outside since the weather was nice and we were hidden under a canopy that shielded us from the sun.  The friendly server was there immediately and we ordered drinks - a cider for her and a beer for me.  It took over 10 minutes to get two beverages that came from the tap which seemed to set the mood for the visit, although the server also brought some bread which was tasty enough.

We ordered our meals - she went for the nachos and added chicken and I ordered the Turkey Club.  Given how long the beverages took, I ran to feed the meter to ensure we wouldn't go over.  I got back to the restaurant just in time to see the server delivering the food.

The nachos were already a little cold, which meant the cheese had already congealed into a mass by the time the wife started eating them.  She was unable to finish it.  She said the taste was merely okay and it wasn't very flavorful.

My sandwich had a strange taste to it - I felt it was from the cheese which seemed a lot more bright than cheddar would normally be.  The homemade chips it came with were not as fresh as would have been preferred, but they were decent.

Overall we received meh food and meh service and the price for essentially one appetizer, one sandwich and two beers came to $50 with a tip.  All I was thinking as I paid it was, man, we could have got two steaks for only a little bit more, or hit one of the Italian eateries on Main Street and stuff our faces for about the same.

Meh food, meh service, meh value?  Yeah, I don't think we'll be back.
After cycling on the Tow Path, we ate dinner al fresco at Winnie's Manayunk. Delicious food, both small plates and entrees. Great choice of drinks. Lovely atmosphere and Jack the waiter was excellent and attentive.
I've only been here for brunch but it is one of my go-to places to eat on a weekend. I've had several of their brunch meals but always with a side of sausage. I don't normally order a side of sausage but it is that good. Recently I had their 9-grain pancakes with bananas. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the pancakes and the bananas were cooked into the pancake - score! Everything I've ever gotten there is fresh and tasty. I really enjoy the bread basket that includes cornbread, rye, and some other yummy slices and jelly. Depending on who is paying I would advise getting a mimosa. I word it that way because I think they are too expensive but very tasty. 

Overall I love this place. I can always expect fresh and tasty food. I also can always expect a wait (on the weekends for brunch). I've found that if you arrive at 10:45 or earlier you don't have too long of a wait. One thing I don't like about this place is when you wait for your table you are constantly in the way of the servers and you are squished into a small space with everyone else.
Okay...so I've been to Winnie's twice now and each time I left slightly disappointed. The first time I went for brunch and paid $8 for an extremely small portion of eggs and potatoes, which were pretty mediocre. Other places I have been for brunch give you a much more generous amount of food for this price, and the quality is normally a bit better. Our waitress also was inattentive and kept forgetting to fill my water up when I asked politely. The second time I went, I ordered the turkey burger and sweet potato fries. The food was much better, but still I felt like I was paying an absurd amount for just a normal serving of food.  I like that they have a lot of "healthy" options, but the salads are almost $20 if you want any kind of protein on them. If you're willing to drop a lot of money, Winnie's might be a good choice for you, but otherwise I would steer clear.
I've only been here for brunch and the food is decent. I had the eggs benedict and my bf had an omelet. The place was really busy and there were some noisy children around but that doesn't bother me.
Update!  Most of my previous comments still stand - but they have made some improvements.

If you're in a hurry for lunch check out the togo section.  You'll save money & time perusing the fridge in the bakery nook where you can buy pre-made salads, wraps, & soups.  Crave-worthy brown rice nut salads are only $7.50 (vs $11 sit-down) - you miss out on some extra whole wheat pita but the good stuff (brown rice, almonds, walnuts, raisins, carrots, celery, peppers, tahini dressing, & hummus) is all there.   

Special thanks to the speedy gal who checked me out today - what a refreshing change of pace!
