Had a bizarre experience here when my boss sent me to return the chicken he'd ordered for lunch, complaining that it didn't appear fully cooked.  All I wanted was a refund, not an argument, but the chef came out from the kitchen with a raw chicken breast to show me "what raw chicken looks like" and cut it open on the front counter, where the money is handled, with no plate or gloves, and shoved the raw slice in my face.... The act itself seemed aggressive to me, and he and the female manager were both rude in their tone.  I work for a small business and try to support them whenever I can but the attitude of the staff at Wishbone is atrocious and I would never come back.

Edit:  You all can read the tone of the owner comment below and judge for yourself whether this is a place you'd like to support with your money.

Second and final edit:  I received a harassing Yelp private message from Erica H. of this business, who called me a "LIAR" (all caps), "stupid," and said I was filled with "inner filth."  I just can't even. This place is beyond surreal. I am more than happy to send the screenshot to anyone who wants to see it.
"Wishboners." That's what I was hoping to see when I crossed Penn's campus and the Wishbone sign came into view. Two hastily postscripted letters from a couple of enterprising college students knocked up on Natty Lights and youthful vigor, that's all it would've taken to achieve comedy gold. But no, you goody do-rights passed on sticking it to the man and probably stuck your nose in a book. Nerds.

So the undefaced (...faced?) signage didn't satisfy my sophomoric demands, but Wishbone mostly did. Chicken fingers are boilerplate material for kid's menus and that makes it easy to dismiss them as child's play now that we're super serious Yelpers. You shouldn't.

Maybe the exclusive benefit chicken tenders hold over their classically fried brothers is the meat to breading ratio. Federal Donuts is great, for example, but there are some bites where I'm only scarfing down a naked chicken bite so I can get to breaded crunch. There's a reason no one tells you about the grilled chicken place you have to check out. 

The buttermilk batter and pretzel crust here demonstrate why. Tenders ($9/lb) come in white and dark. There's a healthy amount of fat and gristle in the dark meat so it's best those strips go stag without any condiments. But when you dress up the white, the pommery honey mustard is the cock of the walk. It's thick, and full of deep honey flavor. Interneting tells me this is typical of French honey mustards, in which honey is not simply a sweetener but the source of distinctive flavor. Bet you weren't expecting a French cuisine lesson amidst a chicken tender review, huh?

But a return visit will be due mostly to the mascarpone-cheddar mac & cheese. It was creamy and rich, which isn't difficult to pull off, but it also blended in a sharp edge that made it interesting. Bacon and herbs punched it up from good to great.
 
I'll be back, and with an "r" and "s" in tow.
So looks like there have been some updates since last month! sandwich and salad added to the menu. Sides (cole slaw and mac and cheese) added to the menu. And not surprisingly, a dedicated pan for classic white, a dedicated pan for classic dark, and a split pan for special white & dark. They've expanded the dessert pie to include pecan pie and they have some more drink options than opening week too.

We came back and just went with the classic white and dark, pairing them up with the pommery honey mustard and chipotle lime mayo, and I'd have to say I think the honey mustard sauce is my new favorite! It has a bit of wasabi so it gives a nice kick to the nose that is refreshingly raw and welcome!

We got a bit of the mac and cheese (also sold per pound), and it was definitely some of the better mac and cheese that I've had in the city. Some marscapone, bacon bits, elbow macaroni, and some pretzel crumbles to give some additional crunch. I was surprisingly pleased with this one. And, by the time we finished eating it upstairs, I heard them telling other customers it had already sold out. In the famous words of my favorite all state commercial, "ohh ohh ohh - you gotta be quicker than that!"

The pecan pie was solid, and again, I am impressed at how consistently good their dessert pies are! The crust is just fantastically flakey and again, the pies are not overly sweet. 

Plus, with the cold weather, we decided to go for a cup of the mulled apple cider and it was really really good.
I'm really stuck between a 2 and a 3. Let's just say, Wishbone is not what I was wishing for, pun intended!

The chicken wasn't bad. Neither was the pie I got. But neither was great, or worth it. The problem with the chicken is that it is just average. The pay by weight thing is confusing too. The idea of putting a bunch of chicken in a box and later learning I spent more than I wanted is not desirable. It actually did not turn out to be that bad, but the uncertainty is an unnecessary distraction. Charging by weight adds no value.

They had two choices. Plain and Thai something  or other. The quality of the chicken was okay, but a little dry. And the Thai one was just spices. Personally, I prefer a glaze that is more moist and delicious.

My big gripe is the lack of sides. They have chips. That's it. I mean, whaaaat?!?!? When I get fried chicken, I at least want fries. This is comfort food, and the best part about comfort food so often is the sides. No mac n cheese, no slaw, no corn on the cob, no, no, no, you get the point.

They did have pies that were kind of like a McDonald's apple pie, but a higher quality more homemade version. And boy do they make you pay for it. I got the pumpkin one. It was decent, but at $4, no thank you. Not again.

So, if you like the offerings, don't mind the price, and don't mind the lack of sides, go for it. But it's not for me.
This was the most bizarre delivery experience I had ever had.  They forgot to add tax and the guy refused to use a calculator and did it in his head, which is fine - but I also like to see my charges on a receipt which they do not provide.  I felt like he snapped at me when I offered to use my phone calculator.  

The chicken strips were pretty good.  The sauces were mediocre.  I couldn't taste the lime in the chipotle lime may and the curry was also just all right.  I really cannot describe them, but I wasn't crazy about them.  It's not really worth the 50 cents each.  That was another thing I didn't like about it - having to pay 50 cents per sauce. Usually the first is gratis.  However,  you do have to use sauce with their chicken in my opinion.  Otherwise it would be absolutely tasteless. There does not seem to be any seasoning in the breading.  However, the chicken is very very tender,  so I DID like that part.   The mascarpone mac and cheese was also ok.  You wouldn't be missing out. 

The first not so great impression I had about this place was when I first called in to ask what their deliver fee was.  She says "it' $2.. it says it online."  For some reason the latter portion of that statement pinched a nerve because of it's implications and the tone.  I saw their information on this ad they dispensed at dorms, and nowhere on that ad did it say 1)  you have to make the delivery order on-line and 2) there is a $2 fee so no need to get catty over it.  Next time, write that fee on your flyers before you start abrasively flapping your lips.
This place is not worth it.  Staff were perfectly nice, but I was upset to see that all they sell is chicken tenders. I can get chicken tenders at Popeye's or McDonald's, thank you very much. Real fried chicken has bones. The pretzels that they put into the batter take away the light, flavorful crispiness characteristic of good fried chicken and instead leave you with a chalky mess that sticks to your mouth so that you have to choke it down. 

I'll try one more time in a few months to see if they've fine-tuned their recipe and figured out how to cook actual chickens.
The chicken here comes in chicken tender-sized pieces. You order by number of pieces, and they weigh it and charge you by the pound. You have the option of breast or boneless dark meat. Supposedly they have drumsticks as well, but I didn't see any actual evidence of this, nor would drumsticks be cost-effective due to the bones. 

At just under $9 per pound, 7 pieces of mixed dark and white meat ended up costing about $7, plus 50 cents per sauce. We tried the green goddess ranch and chipotle lime sauces, but I wasn't really blown away by either. The chipotle was heavy on smokey flavor, but I couldn't detect much lime. The ranch was all right, but I've had better. The chicken itself was good though. The white meat wasn't dry, so I actually slightly preferred it over the dark meat, which could be a little fatty and a tiny bit tough at times (and I usually prefer dark meat). The original pretzel breading is nicely seasoned and crispy, with a nice texture. Their special flavor (Thai coconut basil something) was pretty good as well. 

It's nice to not have to go all the way to Fednuts for decent fried chicken.
I got my first taste of Wishbone last night and I was pretty happy with it. Yeah, a lot of people will say that you can get more or less the same thing (chicken tenders) at places like KFC or Popeyes, but Wishbone certainly seems to have the one thing that those chains don't have: consistency. 

Anybody who frequents fried chicken chains will speak of those times that they had perfectly fried and seasoned juicy chicken tenders...but ask them about the bad experiences and they'll have just as many. That's the true value in a place like Wishbone, you can expect some level of consistency. 

That said, the chicken was extremely juicy and tender and the fried surface is as good as the best days of KFC and Popeyes. The one big downside of Wishbone is the flavor in the breading. Unless you get the special (eh), it doesn't have exactly blast you with favor. However, they have a lot of really great sauces on hand for 50 cents each (maybe overpriced), I sprung for the lime chipotle and the BBQ. I recommend both!

While very yummy, I'd pass on the pies. They're good, but maybe not four dollar good.
I came on Yelp to look up the address because I was in town and wanted to go to Wishbone for lunch. (Yes, I specifically want to go out of my way to eat there again.) I'll edit immediately if I find it is no longer as good, but I was so shocked to see all the bad reviews I'm now taking time out of my work day to rectify this injustice! 

I ate here a month ago and was superbly pleased with the service, quality of food, and hipstery, rustic-chic decor. I had a sampling of several different chicken strips and wings, as well as the pie with the little chocolate bubble thing on top... don't remember what it was but all of it was BANGIN'! They may not fry it on the spot, but service is fast. The chicken was fresh and juicy, and the breading was zesty and not drenched in grease. Incomparable to the dried-out, artery-clogging, guilt-inducing mess that is KFC! Don't know what some of the other reviewers are talking about... 

The girl at the counter was wonderful and was very patient to help me choose what I wanted (I wanted to try everything but that was obviously an impossibility). I went during an off hour and there were only two other people there, so I can't vouch for how service is when it gets busy or is invaded by hung-over Spring Flingers, but I had a very comfortable and delicious experience. Also love that they weigh everything so you can control your portions and price point. 

The only downside is that it's a bit pricey, especially as the sauces have to be bought separately. Don't get me wrong, they are so tasty I'm totally willing to pay a little extra, but they should make it just a bit cheaper or offer a deal if you buy x amount of chicken. 

So sad this place wasn't open when I was a student! You younguns have it good these days.
Coworker and I decided to order some tenders for lunch.  They offer delivery and we went with that.  It was a bit strange ordering since it's by weight and we wanted two separate orders but it was going to the same place.  I wanted three pieces but I got four (one was a smaller size) and that was around $4.50.  I got the Pommery Honey mustard.  That sauce took me by surprise; I didn't think it would have that much kick.  I was hoping for more honey than tear inducing.  I'd probably stick with the Chipotle Lime mayo.  Chicken was still great as before.  The white meat is very juicy and the breading was still crispy.

Delivery charge is $2.00.
Of course Wishbone opens right as I moved 3,000 miles away from Philly to a land where fried chicken and carbohydrates are the devil. My visits home now include a Wishbone visit.

Here's the deal:
-Cool, hip, airy space
-Friendly service that gives you a moment or can help you along if you need some suggestions
-A lot of dipping sauces (tough if you're indecisive but just an excuse to keep going back)
-Moist, juicy FRIED CHICKEN that doesn't make you want to go to bed afterwards (unless you want it to, just to ahead and order a ton)
-Pay by weight: eat as much, or as little, as you want
-Solid sides and desserts

Bonus: They have super affordable fresh juices to add some balance to your meal. Yin + Yang. 

Just do it.
My office recently moved to the corner of 41st and Powelton. Due to our move, we have been checking out different restaurants for lunch and were excited to try "craft chicken" at Wishbone. Not only was the white chicken delicious and a healthy alternative to the usual greasy mess we are used to receiving in tiny white boxes, but the dipping sauces made it that much better - the pommery honey mustard being the favorite at our table. Added to the simple menu was a delicious three cheese macaroni and cheese worthy of a meal itself as well as flavorful coleslaw. Strangely enough, however, my favorite item at Wishbone was the SNAP bottled black tea with fresh lemon, lemon zest, and agave - refreshing, sweet enough, and completely addicting. I wish they had it available by the case. 

The customer service was impeccable and friendly and the décor was inviting. Special thanks to Sophie for explaining the menu options and the ingredients in each choice. The only disappointment I experienced was not being able to try the thai chicken mentioned in the other reviews!
I have mixed opinions on Wishbone - I've been here quite a few times since it's close to campus. 

The food - The chicken itself is pretty good. I wouldn't say it's the best fried chicken I've ever had, but it's good. The sauces are the better part - there are 5 or 6 of them ranging from BBQ to Pesto to Thai peanut. I also tried the mac & cheese which I definitely recommend, it has bacon and other things mixed in it.

Some things annoy me here though. For example, they advertise their homemade pies in the store, but then you can't actually buy them unless you get a combo meal. They also would not give me a glass of water which is really just unnecessary - it seems like they even have cups for water but they just won't give it to you! This sort of thing just makes me feel like they're trying to earn that extra one or two bucks from me, which doesn't make me feel good about coming back.
I am now wondering how often businesses read these reviews because shortly after writing this review the packaging has been improves to small little take out boxes. What the hell, there really aren't any issues with this restaurant--five stars!

edit: I wrote a very thorough positive 4 star review but now that I updated it to do the 5 star review it's disappeared? Youll have to trust i said good things. Yelp fix this quirk.
New place just opened by the former chef/owner of Sola (Dave Clauser).  He just opened Wishbone, a "craft" fried chicken take out with limited seating.  Excellent fried chicken - no bones.  This is gourmet fingers.   They are fresh, hot, crispy, delish - as are the dips.  No veggies or sides.   We did dine there - cozy seating up a few steps.  It is in the building where Lee's Hoagies was - big improvement.  You should try it.  Adult food but if you work at or near Penn and want to bring home a real treat for your kids - make the stop and pick up. He also makes a "pie of the day."  Sort of pockets - today was pumpkin.  Didn't try but they looked tasty.  Also an interesting assortment of beverages.  I had a SNAP - lime, agave, cayenne.  Oh -- ask for the "secret" sauce.  They sometimes have something special if you ask.  This is going to be a new addiction for us.
If you're looking for tips and information about actually *visiting* this restaurant, you're reading the wrong review!  I sent my partner out to pick us up some carry out late last night, so I've never set foot in Wishbone...

But I CAN tell you that their food is DELICIOUS!!!!!  I got the Dark Meat Tenders, and they were crunchy on the outside, super-juicy in the inside, and sublime!!!  They use an interesting spice blend that to my taste buds reads of curry powder, very pleasant!  I wasn't too big on the dips, which are made in-house and a little too assertive for my own preferences, but my husband really dug them, especially the "Buffalo Bleu" and the Honey Mustard, which had whole mustard seeds in it!

The biscuits were tasty, too, very savory, not super-flaky but still tender and delicious!  

I ordered a Chocolate Peanut Butter Handpie, and have to say it was one of the more delicious desserts I've had in a long time, and it was really easy to eat, too, as in, not messy and you didn't need a fork and knife or spoon to do so!  

Best of all, this restaurant is actually open and serving food until 3 am on a Saturday night...how awesome is that?!!!!

I'm sure I'll be back there sometime this week...and who knows, maybe I'll eat-in, rather than take-out!!
Ok here is an update after a recent visit there. I did finally try the special - Thai Coconut Curry and Basil. And unfortunately, I did not care for it one bit!! The coconut shavings do not go with the fried chicken. 

On the other hand I tried the dark meat of the Classic this time, and it was oh-man-so-good!! I remain, shall I say, a fan.

As of now though, I think Federal Donuts with its Chilly-Garlic or Honey-Ginger glazed chicken is still more flavorful overall.
Wings and chicken fingers are awesome especially with the bbq sauce or the honey mustard. The mac and cheese with bacon is also great
This place is really great. I think their original recipe was better than the Thai Curry. The Thai Curry didn't have a lot of flavor. I haven't tried the pies but they look very good too. It's a little pricey compared to a typical fast food place, but it's pretty hard to spend a lot here because they sell chicken by the pound. I had eight pieces and it still only came out to 5 dollars. The honey mustard was great, it's got a little kick which I liked. Will definitely be back.
I was walking by the other night after work to buy coffee at the grocery store and as I was walking by, decided to try this place to get dinner to go. Right now they have a summer menu: They have Boneless Chicken Tenders, Chicken Wings, Salads, Mac n Cheese, Cold Side Salads, Desserts, Homemade Sauces and Sandwiches. So, what did I order? The Classic White Chicken Tenders with Parmesan Pesto Sauce, 3 Bean Salad. The Chicken tenders are weighed: $8.95 lb and 6-8 per pound. You can get as little or as many as you would like.  I tried 3. I thought they were filling. The homemade sauces are .50 cents each. The 5 oz cup of 3 Bean salad with Asian Vinaigrette was zesty and had a nice flavor. Chicken tenders are boneless. Coating wasn't too salty. Had a nice flavor.

 I thought staff was friendly, food was delicious and reasonably priced. I am moving back to the neighborhood in a month and will come back here.
Let me also caveat that I went on Open Mic night.

That was my first mistake, although I really like the decor and the general feel of the place Open Mic night ruined that because all of the people who stayed for Open Mic night were no longer eating chicken or never ordered chicken to begin with were taking up the seats. Meanwhile my group of 6 was there having ordered 3 lbs of chicken and Mac and Cheese. So we start eating and talking about our meal and then we get shushed.  That is right we got shushed by the manager or greeter when I am pretty sure out of the 20 other people there, we were the only ones actually eating chicken. We were forced to sit directly in front of the players because all of the non-chicken eating customers were in the booths. This is the main reason I am giving this place 1 star. That was a pretty crappy way to alienate your only customers eating chicken. Aside from that, the front counter service was friendly and courteous.  

That one experience just poisoned my overall opinion of this place. I thought the chicken was pretty alright with the sauces being the best part of the meal. The Mac and Cheese was breaded but was bland and needed a bit more flavor and probably less breading.  The food on its own and overall restaurant feel would have rated a 2 stars.  They have a cool drink selection including cock cola (named after the rooster) and some hip natural colas.  

This place is worth a try but I would recommend a lunch time trip to avoid any Open Mic night concerns and you can make your own judgement. They just started up so maybe they are still working out recipes and what the final food will be.
Please Please...... if you want some good chicken to eat... stay faaaaaaaaar away from this joint..... this was the WORST chicken I EVER had and some of it was PINK INSIDE........ oh God was it TERRIBLE.....
Now if you want to go there for the hand made little pies they were GLORIOUS... I had the Lemon, and the Banana Foster... both VERY GOOD but STAY AWAY FROM THIS CHICKEN!
Pretty amazing chicken fingers and Mac n cheese, the dessert pies are also definitely worth trying
My friends and I absolutely love their chicken. The temperature and the seasoning are perfect and proper. One of my favorite items here is the cleanse drinks. They really detox and cleanse your system after eating the chicken and mac&cheese. My class had the honor to meet Erica Hope, their GM. She was full of energy and confidence, her stories were engaging and we were
All captivated by her.
I tried Wishbone take-out and I thought it was just alright. I had the dark classic chicken with chipotle lime mayo, mac and cheese, and a biscuit. The chicken wasn't bad, but not too memorable given the novelty of it. The mac and cheese was too salty for me. It's a good idea with the mascarpone and all, but it just wasn't right that time. I did like the chipotle dip and the biscuit was great. I wanted to try the bahn mi and they didn't have it anymore. So much for that. If I were to give Wishbone another shot I'd try some kind of sandwich instead of the chicken tenders.

Overall, it's not a bad spot. I just didn't care too much for it and it's a definitely a bit pricy.
I really wanted to like this place and heard about it during lent when I had given up meat. I found myself in the area again and decided to give it a try. I usually don't write reviews until I've been to a place a few times but I think my experience was a complete one. I ordered the special and sampled each type of chicken, the modern BBQ sauce, mac&cheese (which the woman behind the counter was very proud of), 
a bananas foster pie, and the new hope birch beer. After finishing everything, I just wanted my $16.20 back. Individual reviews: 

The chicken: It was very average and that is being generous. It wasn't incredibly flavorful but it wasn't dry so it could have been worse. 

The sauce: It had the tang of a traditional North Carolina BBQ sauce, mustard and vinegar based. I can't eat mayo so I was limited with sauce choices but the mayo sauces were recommended. 

The mac&cheese: Salty and mediocre. It combines all of the things I like but makes a mess doing it. The pasta was well cooked but the cheese and bacon combo made it taste like I just licked salt off of my hand without the nice shot of tequila after. 

The bananas foster pie: The crust of the pie needs no improvement but the filling could use an overhaul. I use the term filling loosely because after biting into the flakey crust, I struggled to find the bananas. There was a thin layer of smashed bananas and cinnamon sugar at the bottom and 75% of the interior was empty space. 

The new hope soda: The birch beer (the actual name of the soda escapes me at the moment but it is birch beer) was the highlight of my meal. Everything you would expect from a Pennsylvania birch beer and very refreshing, which surprised me because I normally don't like fountain sodas and prefer root beer.

I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 because nothing was horrible.  I think the concept works, the decor is nice, and the menu is good but they need to work on the quality of their food because it currently doesn't match the cost.
Great lunch spot, with a slightly varying menu to choose from.

What use to be Lee's Hoagies is now Wishbone, a delicious fried chicken spot.  You select how many chicken strips, wings, or chicken tots (basically chicken pot pie filling in a tatter-tot shell) you'd like and you're charged by weight.  5-strips 9 (and two tots) with a house made dipping sauce came to about $6. 

For dessert they have a selection of home made pocket pies, my hat goes off to the Italian and the Chocolate Peanut butter flavors.

Finally to wash it all down they have a selection of bottled drinks as well a a a New Hope Premium Fountain machine with an excellent selection of flavors.

Overall a more than fair trade for what once lived in the space.
Living in West Philly, my husband and I have driven past Wishbone hundreds of times and never tried it.  Finally, today was the day.  My husband and I are fried chicken connoisseurs, so the whole idea of "craft" chicken was enticing.  I read the reviews and they ranged from "this the best chicken ever" to the flavor of the chicken being bland.  Since we are not lemmings we wanted to try out the chicken for ourselves.  

We ordered the chicken tenders, chicken wings, biscuit and 2 hand pies for the family.  My mom looked at the chicken tenders and said they looked burnt and she did not want any.  They were a little browner than I usually like but they were not burnt.  I have to agree with other reviewers,  the tenders were moist. the coating was fine but...it had no flavor!!!!!  I believe that is why they MUST sell the dips.   Now 50 cents is not much; however when you need the dip to have any flavor profile, they should at least give you one gratis!  Even McDonald's does that!   I have to admit the dips were awesome and the biscuit was very good but pricey at over $2.  My husband said the chicken wings were better then the tenders.

The best part of our meal was dessert.  I had the "Not your Grandma's apple pie"  and the hubby had the chocolate peanut butter one.  Very good but not exceptional.  

We wanted to support local businesses.  Yet, I don't imagine we will be back soon. Since palates are different, try it for yourself.  Other people really love it. However, if you really want  a flavorful fried chicken, you should look elsewhere.
While I try not to eat fried food often, this place will make me break that rule. The chicken tenders are well seasoned and fried to perfection. I tend not to like white meat and prefer dark meat....and guess what?  They have dark meat tenders!!!  I'm in love.
Decor: 4/5
Service: 3/5 
Food: 1/5

I got the special and had them get me one of each fried chicken.
Props for trying to be unique but I wasn't impressed with the texture or taste. The only thing that I liked was the locally brewed soda
If I could give Wishbone ten stars, I would. From the staff to how they interact with customers via social media or in person, to the food; there's a huge reason why I'm there every weekend (because I don't have a social life, but that's a different story for next time).

Service:
I love when I walk in, I'm always greeted with smiling faces. I worked in the food industry since I was 18 to my early twenties, I know a fake, pasted on smile when I see it because their GM's demanded the "best of the best". No. I hate that. It's forced and honestly, it's exhausting having someone check up on you. All. The. Time. 

Yes, my mouth is full, so obviously I'm enjoying the food -- why are you asking me?! So, thank you Wishbone for letting me get my order, go upstairs and be a hermit. 

The staff is young so there's an uplifting energy since it's also on UPenn's campus. 

Atmosphere/Decor:

If I can get the name of their interior decorator, I would give them my first born, no lie. It's GORGEOUS. It's like I walked into an Anthropologie that sells fried chicken! The bathroom is unisex so those who are complaining are such diva's. 

Food: 

My boyfriend always make sure we're there on the weekends and would drag me out of bed just to get more fried chicken, just to eat them in bed happily. He also whines that they don't have his rice krispies treats anymore (whyudodis Wishbone?) -- so he's more in love with the store than he is with me.

The fried chicken is amazing, as well as the mac and cheese. I've never had a cold meal before, everything is always hot and delicious.

..And somehow I end up with two huge chocolate chip cookies in my bag. Not complaining!

Love ya, Wishbone.
Excellent fried chicken with very tasty dipping sauces.  The chicken has a perfect crispy pretzel crust.  My favorites were the honey mustard and the green goddess.  I highly recommend!  They also have delicious hand pies, with great flaky crust, particularly liked the pumpkin.  There is plenty of seating inside and the place has been beautifully remodeled.
Dined here last night, as it is a new place that has opened up just across the street from my boyfriend's apartment. I was really turned on by its rustic feel - lots of wood panelings and floors. It's a classy fried chicken place, though the chicken is just tenders. Gourmet tenders, but still. Just tenders. I was also a bit bothered I didn't see anything that said their chicken was organic or free range and that stuff is really important to me so I'm not sure if I'll be back any time soon, but what I did have was good.

I was really impressed that they had mulled apple cider. It was piping hot and delicious, and had lots of little bits of star anise and oranges floating around in the pot. It was just what I needed last night! The tenders are coated in a batter that is partially a Korean recipe (if you've ever had Korean fried chicken, you know that it's godly), part American. The pretzel crust was interesting but I couldn't really taste it. The meat was very tender and juicy. They also have dark meat available for people who prefer that. They have hand pies, potato chips and assorted drinks. No sides, such as biscuit, vegetables, etc. I think they could do veggies here REALLY well. They got everything else right, so I'm really bummed that there's greens here! They do have a salad that is just called "The salad" and a sandwich called "the boner." The staff here is extremely friendly and nice. There is limited seating here so I wouldn't plan on eating in.
In the University city area at 4034 walnut street there was a hoagie place. "Lee's hoagies" is a familiar name to many student as a cheap,close place for reasonable food. You would never love what you got at their University city location, but you would eat and it never cost too much. No longer though, Lee's is no more and it within a month of it closing a different kind of restaurant opened.

Enter "Wishbone," a fried chicken place hoping to ride the recent culinary craze in Philadelphia to great heights and hopefully even greater profits.

The decor inside one of my favorites for this new wave of restaurants hitting our fair city. It combines the new and the old through the use of wood and steel. Table tops and chair backs are made of thick old grain wood. This can come in a couple forms from jagged hunks for tables looking like they had just been pulled off the beach before being polished and mounted. To wide flat sheets that can come from a variety of sources. The "Shake Shack" in University City recovered theirs from an old bowling alley. The only thing they all have in common is that the wood is or at least looks old.

The new comes from normally mat black or muted red steel used for the rest of the construction. This includes the legs of the tables and chairs as well as exposed girders on the walls and ceilings. The ceilings themselves are generally high and show exposed ducts and lighting. These elements create a strange juxtapose between the old and the new.With the almost clinical approach we have in modern architecture off set by the old world feel that real wood brings things.

I would like to dwell more on the subject, but I need to stop and actually talk about the food. Its bad, all they have is fried chicken and they messed it up somehow.  It's not greasy, their pretzel based fry dough has an odd taste to it and for a place calling itself "wishbone" I was shocked to see that all they have is boneless white and dark meat chicken. The only other flavor of breading is some coconut Thai monstrosity and I wish many horrible things to whoever thought marinating the dark meat chicken in something sweet was a good idea. For the life of me I don't know why they opened in the first place,  but it will appeal to the more hipster yuppie crowd and at the very least it is cheap. At under ten dollars a pound you can get a lot of chicken.

Overall (), it wasn't terrible its cheap and the decor inside looks nice. The wait staff was also friendly.  Though they should have two cash registers instead of one. Having four people give out chicken and only person collect money makes the line start looking like an indecisive inch-worm if more then three people are ordering.

I'll finish with a cultured debate I was having with a buddy of mine about our local "Crown Fried Chicken" . I was shocked to see how low his jaw dropped when I suggested that I enjoy going their for fried chicken. I don't consider myself to be so stuck up as to not see good product at low prices and when I pressed him he admitted himself that he could and I'm quoting here "pack away a metric ton of it". It just shows that some days you want grade A meat some days your happy with grade C. What keeps me happy is variety, so do yourself a favor and try some of the other chicken places in your area before going to "Wishbone".
More like.. chicken tender spot.  Nothing that special about it. A little disappointed though -because it's chicken tender. Not chicken wing.
Not that cheap. Not that expensive.
Street parking.
Friendly staff.
Fall short of my expectation. I thought it's wings.
I have so many great things to say about Wishbone. It had big shoes to fill taking over Lee's Hoagie House, but it filled them and then some. 

Firstly, the decor is outstanding. It has a comfortable rustic/industrial interior that has my head turning every time I walk through the doors. Though the seating is limited, the ambiance is really nice and it's never packed.

Wishbone puts a modern spin on some traditionally southern dishes. The chicken tenders are pretzel crusted (leaving you with PERFECTLY crispy chicken) and the mac and cheese is anything but basic. There are a few "salads" to choose from, one of them being a kale and red bliss potato salad for which they use their honey mustard sauce. It is to die for and is a healthier version of the potato salad I enjoyed as a kid. These items are showcased in a hot bar and there's also a finely crafted menu incorporating their chicken. 

The drinks offered at Wishbone are unlike any other. It's the only restaurant you will ever catch me drinking a soda at- reason being, the soda is local, small-batch soda made with pure cane sugar. and it tastes like nothing you've ever had. a word to the wise: MIX THEM. Wishbone also offers SNAP teas, apple cider and iced coffee when appropriate, and other non traditional bottled drinks.

Don't even get me started on the desserts. Just come here and get a hand pie. You will not regret it. They're made in house daily.

Did I mention they're BYO until 3 am on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights? 

I suggest you stop whatever you are doing and give it a try immediately.
This was my first time at Wishbone, and I was so impressed.  The food and desserts were awesome!  Homemade SNAP beverages were so tasty.  Comfort food without the heavy feeling.  Definitely a great place to check out!
Loved the pumpkin pie! Such great flavors.  The chicken was delicious, really crunchy coating but moist on the inside. Rice pudding was yummy, too.
Likes: 
- Not your average chicken tenders, they are big! 3 chicken tenders is about 1lb. Crust is crunch, chicken is soft and not dry
- Choice of dark meat and white meat 
- The highly reviewed Mac and Cheese did not disappointment, its a little be spicy with a chipotle/salsa flavor and pretzle crumb toppings 
- Various sauce available, Tamarind chilli was good!  
- If you're not into chicken tenders, they have sandwichs too! 
- Outdoor seating 

Dislikes: 
- A litter overpriced. For two people, I spend $21, ordered 1lb of chicken = $8.95 = 4-6 chicken tenders, 1lb of mac and cheese 
- most of the food.. ex. chicken, biscuit, mac and cheese serve from hot plate, which would explain why the breading is tough 
- Sauce is 50cent extra. My friend and I's sauces are only filled half way. 
- no tap water 

The food is good, but no something I would crave for. Most likely will not come back again because of price and there are numerous other food options in the area.
Being from the South, I was so excited for a fried chicken place on campus. They should not advertise this as a fried chicken place. Real fried chicken has bones and is juicy and tender. Wishbone's chicken is more like average-tasting chicken tenders. Except they're also pretty expensive once you realize that each tender is about $1 and not great. Plus, you have to pay for dipping sauces. I have never seen a more limited menu, and the flavors do not change every week like they promised (I went perhaps two weeks apart, and it was Thai Coconut Curry both times, which I did not enjoy). However, they seem to be expanding their menu now.

The employees were slow and not particularly competent. The first time I came, they gave out all the Original Dark chicken tenders and didn't go back to the kitchen to get more until I asked. The cashier also took a while. Their system was relatively slow--actually, I'm not sure they had a system back then. Also, there is limited seating.

Wishbone was pretty ill-prepared for the first month, and I very badly wanted it to be my new spot on campus. I will probably try it yet again due to the proximity, plus, some of my friends haven't tried it yet.
I stopped here with a coworker for lunch recently and finally got to try the chicken at Wishbone.  I'd read about it before and it sounded like a spot to try.  I decided on two strips of white meat, two of dark and one piece of the wing.  This came up to around $6.50 and I got the Chipotle Lime Mayo dipping sauce ($.50 additional).  Not too bad for a lunch out.  

I liked the breading on the chicken.  It was still nice and crunchy after I walked back into the office.  The Chipotle Lime Mayo sauce is just awesome.  The white meat was better than the dark meat.  While both were still juicy pieces of chicken, the dark meat was too heavy with the grease of the breading.  Still felt lighter than most fried chicken though.  The chicken wing was nothing spectacular.  

I couldn't finish all of this for lunch.  I'd probably stick to 3-4 pieces for an order at lunch.
I didn't know what to expect before I got to Wishbone since I had read some of these reviews, but I'm definitely one of those people who has to see for themselves. 

So, I came in the other night and it was quite busy. The staff was very helpful even though there was a bunch of fraternity brothers yelling out their orders and asking numerous questions. A cheery college aged girl who took care of most of my order explained how the sauces may taste given that there were soo many options to choose from, so that was nice. I ordered a mix of white and dark chicken with chipotle lime mayo and this yellow curry sauce. I prefer the dark as it was much juicier. 

I think it will be hard for me to try the other sauces since I was pretty pleased with the chipotle lime mayo which was both smokey and fresh tasting while the curry was on the sweeter side, so I really enjoyed the difference in my sauce flavors. 

Luckily, I had enough room for just one of their pies. They had many on display and from what I was told they bake them all in house. I chose the chocolate peanut butter one and boy did that feeel good. I'm a big chocolate girl, so I'm not sure I was surprised that I loved it. As for my drink, I just asked for some water. The young gentleman at the register politely handed me a cup. 

I should mention that the decor is pretty enchanting and you can tell the owners care about presentation. I dined upstairs and it was pretty spacious. 

I will certainly come back and bring my husband and my sisters, so that they can see and eat for themselves.
im from dc came to visit a day yelped places to go ended up at wishbone....loved it the wings biscuits mac and cheese on a next level... #travelchannelworthy a must vist when in philly
Just opened this week and there are definitely some promising signs. They were only open for 2 hours yesterday because that's all it took to sell out of their chicken. 

Tonight, a small line was already forming before the 5 pm opening time. 

Simple concept - choose your chicken (classic or special) & choose between white tenders or boneless thighs. Cost is $8.95/lb so pick and choose what you want and move on to the sauces. 6 sauces to choose from (chipotle lime mayo, Thai red curry peanut, green goddess ranch, pommery honey mustard, modern BBQ, and pimenton aioli). Choose your drink and dessert if you want and you're on your way upstairs to the dining area or out the door to shovel it in in the privacy of your own place. 

We went with 3 pieces of each of the chicken (classic tenders, classic boneless thighs, special tenders and special boneless thighs). Total was a little more than a pound and was just over $11. The batter was pretty light for the classic and a little bit more thick and interesting for the special. Not overbearing and definitely able to be enjoyed in its own. Both the tenders and boneless thighs were plenty juicy and flavorful and all in all well-cooked. Personally, I liked the classic better than the special but I still think it's worth trying and figuring out what you like. 4/5 for chicken. 

Sauces: went with 3 that caught my eye - Thai red curry peanut, chipotle lime mayo, and green goddess ranch. I'd say my favorite was the green goddess ranch but I'm always a fan of ranch and fried chicken. A really close second was the chipotle lime mayo. Really can appreciate the chipotle and lime flavors and it's really well-balanced. Wasn't a huge fan of the Thai red curry peanut. I got a lot more peanut than Thai red curry. And with the other options just being so good, I didn't find myself going back to the peanut. 4/5

Apple and pumpkin pies - Wow. Both just were excellent. Flaky, crispy crusts, and neither were too sweet. Personally I was a little shocked that I came here for their fried chicken and felt their dessert outshined the fried chicken. 5/5

Snap juice & tea Co. (Fresh lime, agave, cayenne) - delish. Didn't really get much of the heat from the cayenne but I definitely liked it a lot. Fresh, crisp, bright, just really good with the heaviness of the fried chicken, dipping sauces and fried pies. 5/5

Also they have 6 different fountain drink offerings with no high fructose corn syrup - cane sugar is the sweetener. Orange mango was my favorite and watermelon was a close second. There is a cola, birch beer, a berry flavored one and a diet cola. Also they have Cheerwine for those of you Carolinians who know what that's all about. 

Really a great start. Hopefully they don't run out of chicken and have to close early consistently. 

Will definitely be back. 

And hopefully in future there will be some side options. The meal can certainly feel a little unbalanced/heavy without some vegetables. Maybe at least a pickle or something would do. Fried pickles if you really wanted to be consistent with the fried thing.
The fried chicken (I tried all the types of pieces they had) was pretty good, but as other reviews have noted, overpriced. Tender on the inside and not dry at all, crispy on the outside. The interior of the place was beautiful, and the food/pastries were meticulously laid out and all looking absolutely mouth-watering. I also like the focus on a quick grab and go takeout - struck me as high-end, hip takeout.

The hand pies all looked amazing and delicious, but the pecan pie one I got didn't really taste all that special. I also had a lemon cheesecake cookie, which was also ok. I will definitely be back to try the other desserts though, since I was getting major choice anxiety about all the sweets to try.

My favorite items were probably the mac n cheese and biscuit. The biscuit was probably the best I've had, with a firm, buttery shell surrounding the pillowy, soft interior. Mac n cheese had complexity of flavor and a bunch of different ingredients, including tomatoes, that didn't distract from the yummy cheesiness but rather enhanced it. Perfect combo of ingredients and liked that there was chicken in it too.  

Overall, food presentation is great and honestly I would just go back for the mac n cheese and biscuits. They also had a cool soda fountain with unique flavors. Pricey, but if you're not averse to shelling extra $ for nicer takeout, Wishbone is definitely worth checking out.
This place was exceptionally awful. I'd give it no stars if I could, and the only reason I'm writing this review is as a warning to other unsuspecting hungry people.

Walked in, both employees looked at my friend and I without even a greeting. (We were the only two in the store). Strike 1 fools. 

I got the $11.00 special (1/2 lb chicken, mac n cheese and a soda). The white meat tenders were just ok, crispy but absolutely no flavor to the crust or the meat. (Strike 2)

The leg/wing were horrid. Again, no seasoning and the meat had an awful aftertaste as if it was spoiled before they fried it. (I would know, I cook chicken all of the time.) (Strike 3)

The mac n cheese was more like spicy cajun pasta, but still nothing exceptional.  

On top of this crap, they got my friend's order wrong after acting funny about letting him use the bathroom--you speak English so why are you acting so confused about a simple question? DO YOU OR DON'T YOU HAVE A BATHROOM THAT PATRONS CAN USE? (Strikes 4 aNd 5). SMDH

The icing on the cake was the fact that they didn't even give me the cup for my soda, so I left without it rather than waste my breath. (Strike 6)

Needless to say I walk past this crap store every day to and from school, and will continue to do so. I'd advise you to do the same.
Wow, superb chicken. It is fried chicken, what more can one say about it? The pretzel crust is interesting, I like it. I had the Classic. Had neither the cash nor the enthusiasm to try the Thai Curry flavor. But perhaps next time! I'm going to be back aplenty. 

Very neat store, classy and well-done.
The wings here are pretty great. They have bone-in and boneless wings, both taste good, the boneless ones are more like chicken fingers. These are dry wings, they use a pretzel crust and it really does taste different from any other wing I've tasted.  I don't think it's better or worse, it's just different.  I usually go for wet chicken wings, but I love the taste and crunch of the pretzel crust. The pieces can be a little dry at times, but never so bad that it was an issue for me.  They also offer a unique selection of dipping sauces, I've had the Modern BBQ and the Tamarind Sweet Chili, the BBQ was pretty good but I found the Tamarind overly sweet. I've also had one of their buttermilk biscuits, I don't know what they put on it, but it was crunchy and delicious. 

They've also got Mac & Cheese, desserts, sandwiches, and some other made to order options that I'll definitely be back to try later on.
The woman who served me my chicken was nice, but the chicken was only OK. 

They have only weird chunks of chicken for sale, but no recognizable pieces like wing, breast, or thigh. I guess because they sell it by the pound, so it's nice to not have to pay for the bones, but it makes the experience one of buying really expensive chicken tenders. The flavor of the classic chicken is also only alright. The pretzel crust is a cute idea, but doesn't seem to work that well in real life. I had the honey mustard dipping sauce, which was pretty hot. It was maybe the best thing I got.

This place only sells chicken, hand pies, drinks, and chips. This means you can't buy a meal here, really. If you want sides I suppose you have to make them yourself in advance? Are we eating just meals of chicken and dessert, now? Has chicken become a snack we eat by itself? I have this same complaint about federal donuts, but I don't know why a place would want to replicate that particular quirk. I'll keep it in mind if I want chicken in the future, but to be honest, with so many good places to eat in this city I probably won't be back.
The first time I tried the southern sandwich. The chicken was so deliciously breaded and everything in it was so good I had to try another sandwich the next day. I got the buffalo and it was amazing. The chicken did not disappoint, the buffalo sauce was not like anything I've had, and they used real blue cheese chunks (not the liquid, ranch-like form). The sandwiches taste good even as heated leftovers. The sandwich size is between a shorti and classic from wawa, but the chicken pieces are large so it's filling. I definitely want to try their entire menu.
Ermagahd. So good. The buttermilk chicken strips that are boneless are pretty salty. B But the mac and cheese is hands down some of the best Ive had in my life.  Four chicken strips and mac and cheese was filling and not coma-inducing. They're really fast for take out, and the staff are super knowledgeable about what pairs well with what, offering great suggestions. Now if only there was ketchup...
The chicken here is, well, just OK. They have buttermilk battered chicken pieces and several different dipping sauces. I tried the plain chicken and BBQ sauce. There really wasn't much BBQ to the BBQ though. It was also too thin. I also found the menu lacking in side dishes. I've heard the mac and cheese is really good, but I was looking for a lower cal option. I wanted something like string beans or collard greens, or even corn.

The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated, and the service was great. I will definitely give it another try sometime. They had some awesome looking pies too, and my friend recommends their sandwiches over the plain chicken.
This place is a great little place.  

It's unlike any other place I've been to in the City.  They make chicken.  Granted, some of the menu items are a little too "uppity" for me--I like fried chicken, simple old fried chicken--but what I like to eat, they make it and make it well.

There are times where it's too crowded, full of the preppy college kids, and there's times when they haven't planned their cook times properly, and are short of food, or the food isn't always prepared perfectly, but those occasional "down times" aren't enough to disuade me from going.  

I've adopted a more healthy lifestyle, so when I need "fast" food, this is my best option, since there's no Chic-Fil-A closer to my location than S. Philly.  

GO THERE!  ENJOY IT!!!
Just ordered delivery from this place and I wasn't impressed.  I got the white meat chicken tenders, the chicken was satisfyingly crispy, but it was not hot on delivery.  Also, the sauces were not great (Buffalo Bleu, XXX Hot, and Parm. Pesto).  The Pesto was the best of the lot, but I have a problem paying .50 per sauce (none are included in the 8+ dollars you spend on the chicken).  Not mention, the sauces weren't even full, the Pesto was only half full.  All and all, it was decent chicken, but the value isn't there and there are a myriad of other delivery places in the area that deliver a better product.
I went to this restaurant because it was right across the street from the hotel I was staying at. I looked at the menu and saw the different options between the chicken, sandwiches, wraps,  and salads. Since I read this was a soul food type restaurant, I decided to try the dark meat chicken tenders and the mac and cheese. The server explained to me that the chicken and the mac and cheese were sold by the pound. 

Two pieces of chicken tenders were $4.50 and the mac and cheese was $6.26. I had also requested a biscuit but I did not realize it was an additional $2.25 so I asked her to take it out. I simply thought that $2.25 for a biscuit was excessive. The chicken was okay but you do need to dip it into the dip to have some flavor. The mac and cheese was pretty good, no complaints there. I also got a Peppermint Patty cookie to try something new and it was also ok. I definitely would not return to Wishbone. For the amount of money I paid at Wishbone I'd rather go to BBP where I can get a delicious burger and a milkshake for about the same price.
The Mexican sandwich is phenomenal and keeps me full for hours! Also the mac & cheese is the best I've ever had, by far. However, Wishbone is not the place to go if you want to eat healthy and cheap (it's pricey for sure).
Be careful if you are a walk-in customer! The manager is very forthcoming that their priority is for their delivery business! In fact, I was told, "We are an Uber business, deal with it!", OK fine I am dealing with it. I am asking for a boycot! What an asinine way to deal with customers! And their chicken, is so-so! Maybe you could slide by if you had an amazingly great fried chicken, but you don't..

Like grandpa always said, "If you are going to use initiative, you better be right!"
Wow!! I ordered the salad. It was incredible. Cubes of cheddar. Apple cubes. Candied walnuts. Poached raisins. The dressing was light and delicious. Didn't need much dressing either because there were so many flavorful additions to the salad. 

Also ordered the 0.5lb chicken tenders (white meat). Phenomenal. Best chicken tenders I've ever had. Superb quality. 

Honey mustard wasabi dressing = delicious. This is the one I used the most. You do taste the wasabi but I love wasabi and found this to be amazing. 

The pesto sauce - super creamy and yummy. It's def creamy tho so if you're in the mood go for it. 

Will be ordering this meal regularly. Maybe even tomorrow
Some of the best chicken I've ever had. They charge by the pound, so I can't recommend the wings, but their tenders are great. 

Also highly recommend their various desserts and the chipotle lime mayo sauce
I've heard (and read) extremely mixed reviews of Wishbone. We ended up having an ok experience, that I am rounding up to 'good' because I think at the core of this place, there are good things happening. And because I had read through a large portion of the reviews here, so my expectations were on the low side.

We ordered:
- 3 "pieces" of white meat boneless chicken ("pieces" is generous..these were like small tenders)
- A biscuit
- Mac & Cheese
- Pesto Parmesan dip
- Tamarind Sweet Chili dip

All of that was $15 and change (including a bottle of water). Pricey? Yes. Worth it? Ehh.

My biggest issue with what we ordered is the fact that the chicken isn't freshly fried or that hot. I understand that for convenience sake the chicken is fried ahead of time so it's ready & waiting for you when you come in. But, the chicken gets tough as it sits and becomes less appealing. 

The flavor & seasoning of the batter on the chicken was nice and crispy and delicious. If the chicken was fresh & hot, I think it would be significantly better. Yes, we only ordered 3 pieces for two people, but I was not satisfied from the chicken alone. It felt more like an appetizer.

The biscuit is ok, again - sitting out and waiting. No real complaints, just fine.

The mac & cheese has been heavily debated on here, but it was our favorite part of the meal. Yes, it's spicy. No, it's not really mentioned anywhere (that I saw) that there is a serious kick. It also tastes like they add some tomato and chipotle to it. Like I said before, though, we both loved the mac and cheese and would both go back fro the mac & cheese alone.

The dipping sauces were OK. We both preferred the Pesto Parmesan.

The service was quick and the ambience/interior is really nice. With some tweaks to how they prep the food, this could very easily go from 'ok' to 'very good'.
I really enjoyed the dark tenders and the multiple sauces. The fresh cut fries were great as well. My husband did not like the wings. The breading seemed to be a thick double dipped type and was the same on both. It worked well on the tenders but not on the wings. They may want to revise their recipe and stick to a classic fried chicken recipe that is much thinner. If you don't enjoy dipping chicken in the sauces, I can see how it would be bland. Some people just don't like any sauce on wings. If you are like me, where you love all types of homemade sauces and flavored mayos, this place is for you.
Always been a fan of this cute little spot, for several reasons:

- The dark meat, pretzel-breaded chicken fingers. Scrumptious.
- The mac and cheese (which has been different over the years) is consistently tasty.
- Crazy amount of dipping sauce flavors.
- The cornbread. YUM.
- The staff is laid back and nice. For being a "craft" fried chicken place, it's not pretentious. Decor is cute, too!
- The desserts are out of this WORLD. Never had a bad one. Try a tiny hand pie.

While this might not be a destination dining spot, it's a great place to hit when in the area, and we'll be back!
I am very confused about the low reviews.

Let me paint this perspective.

A place that sells Chicken as late as 3am (during college class time)
BYOB
Plays music
Is located downtown

WIN WIN WIN.

Now I will admit they have a very limited menu and they can be a little pricey but the taste and quality of the food is second to none.

Give them a shot and get back to me
I walked into Wishbone because my friend who I cosplay with told me that they do breakfast. So, I guess the chefs are fancy because they had this thing called Muesli. never heard of it before. SUPER TASTY. Makes me forget that I stuffed my face with 2 beef 'n cheddars last night at arbys! (felt sick afterwards) 

Anyway, this muesli had some fresh fruits, honey, yogurt and oatmeal. They weigh it for you too, so you can get as much or as little as you like. Also got a breakfast sandwich. I got their chicken apple sausage deal with cheese on a croissant.  HOLY SITHHHHH. I think they also had a muffin version. Downed it all with one of their fresh squeezed juicesssssss.

Honestly, I would get this 3 part breakfast every day if I could. It also helps that the staff was super nice especially since it was early on a Monday morning. It def helped me start my week off right. I just thought... It would be totally awesome if I could have some of this breakfast stuff late at night when I'm watching clone wars on my computerrrrr. uggggh a sith lord can dream thoughhhh
When Wishbone first came to Penn, I was pretty excited. I had heard good things and the environment seemed friendly and quirky, not to mention that it's BYO (so you don't have to put weekend plans on hold to enjoy some nice tenders with mac & cheese).

The atmosphere is hip, casual, and fun. I hadn't realized that there was sit-down space upstairs until recently, and it certainly is worth taking a seat and enjoying your meal in the inviting lights and picnic-like benches. The staff are friendly, fun, and helpful, and interacting with them has always been a positive experience.

The food is a hit-or-miss. Wishbone is a good place to get chicken tenders, but I find the white meat to be a little drier than what I prefer it to be. In terms of creativity, their sauces are definitely up there--I highly recommend the parmesan pesto (light and creamy) and modern BBQ (tangy and classic)--but the portion size and quality isn't worth the expensive price tag, especially once you realize that the chicken isn't that good once you've let it cool down. The mac & cheese is good too, but it's got more of a kick than what most people would expect, and has some tomato in it. Opinions on it are pretty polarized, depending on if you like your mac classic-style or with a twist. I think it's pretty good, but I wouldn't go back for it alone.

Wishbone definitely has room for improvement, but it's convenient, welcoming, and, most importantly, open late on weekends.
I just tried this place yesterday after many times of walking past it and saying "Hey, we should try that." I was really excited--mostly for the mac n cheese--however was slightly disappointed.

Before I begin, my review does not reflect the staff. They were perfectly nice and explained the menu with ease. 

We went around dinner time and got four chicken strips, a container of their mac n cheese, 2 handpies and 2 sauces. The best thing about our meal was the parmesan pesto sauce and that is it.

The chicken was cold and stale, the mac n cheese was spicy, but not to the fault of the place--it just didn't fit my palate. The handpies were cold and not over the moon amazing. 

*Sigh* Wishbone, you didn't make my wish come true.
The fact that it says "craft fried chicken" should have clued me in. It's sad, because I wanted to enjoy this place. It looked very nice inside and out, and the staff was excellent. 
Unfortunately, that's the only reason I am giving it two stars.
We shouldn't have ordered anything after tasting the mac and cheese - it was a very unexpected flavor that added nothing good to traditional mac and cheese. And this comes from someone who likes to experiment with flavors. But we wanted to give the place a chance.
We ordered a pound of dark chicken tenders, fries, and a biscuit. The chicken was bland, the fries were salty enough to gargle with, and the biscuit was disappointing. The ketchup you get with the fries had a metallic flavor only. We couldn't finish our meal and will never return.
I was initially skeptical when this restaurant came in--it replaced a sandwich place that was not stellar but was dependable and it seemed like they were going for some sort of hipster soul food concept which I found suspect. However I would say Wishbone was an improvement. The chicken is really good in all of its forms--chicken and waffle, chicken sandwiches, and just plain chicken. The pies are really good too and I'm a big fan of the mac and cheese. And they have exceptionally fast delivery--averages about 20 min or less rather than the hour or more that seems standard for University City. They dont package everything in neat boxes but just sort of wrap it and put it in a plastic bag so if presentation is important to you, just know that. The portion sizes are probably on the small side but I personally found everything very filling.
This place is great! We tried Wishbone by getting a delivery order using the Ubereats service. The food was at our door in under 30 min.

The chicken tenders are outstanding. My wife is a chicken tender aficionado and says they are some of the best she has ever had, and I agree. The dipping sauces we got were great too! (honey mustard, buffalo bleu, Donfire)

As a chilihead I appreciate when things advertised as spicy are actually spicy. The Donfire sauce was just that. Good habanero flavor and plenty of heat.

The Autumn salad was a well balanced blend of flavors and textures. Very yummy and good on the tummy.

Finally, the Southern sandwich was SO bomb. Tangy sweet tomato jam, tasty slaw, gourmet pickles, and of course the amazing fried chicken! A must-have.

Needless to say, we will be getting food from here again very soon. Thank you, Wishbone!
Food was great! The tenders were perfectly seasoned. Not too salty or too breaded the organic soda was also interesting
This was my first time ordering from here. The food was delivered super fast, well before the 30-40 minutes. Delivery guy was very friendly. The food was great. I really enjoyed the chicken tenders matched with the Modern BBQ sauce. The legendary Mac and cheese was ok. I think it was the chicken sausage that threw it off. Topped off with the buttermilk biscuit. Great job!
You get what you see--chicken fingers. They also serve wings and other overpriced items like mac and cheese (mediocre) and pastries (meh). 

The sauces are unique and probably the best part about this place as you won't be able to find sauces like this elsewhere. Be watchful of how full the sauce is because some of the containers are not completely full and you get jipped. Sadly you can't sample the sauces without having to buy them. My favorite is bar b q sauce. It has a slight acidic vinegar kick, but isn't bittersweet. Maybe they cut back on the sugar? The chipotle lime mayo is great. It isn't too creamy and oily. The chipotle is subtle, almost dull and a little bit more would make it better and bold. I found myself having to double dunk the chicken in this sauce to really taste it. You always finish it wishing you had a little more. I've tried almost all of them and none of them are too memorable that I can recall anything great or bad about the rest of the sauces.

The breading is thin and crisp, which I appreciate. With one bite you taste the breading and chicken, and not just breading on heavily breaded chicken that other places might serve. The breading can be over salty and seasoned too much. Don't mistake this for rich and intense. It is salty. I end up drinking a lot of water with this meal partially due to this. What makes the breading suck is that it is not always fresh. Who knows how long the chicken has been sitting out.

The meat can be hit or miss; the chicken can be a little parched. This is disappointing when you have a whole pound of chicken to consume that will leave your mouth dry and leave you bloated after you drink a lot to quench your thirst and high sodium intake. More often then not, I always get the dried, salty chicken instead of the juicy, tender chicken that I once got at my very first visit. Perhaps I am unlucky and get the left over stale pieces that have been sitting out long. I can only recall once when my chicken was tender and juicy when they first opened.I try to avoid wasting money here because I have not had the same type of meal since my first. However, out of desperation to try something different than the usual univ city food, I have eaten here a few times to make this review justified.

What my friends and I would like to do is split up and someone get french fries from Greek Lady and the others get chicken from Wishbone. We would satisfy our elementary palates by eating chicken fingers and french fries. If you are willing to walk a few more blocks, Allegros has really good curly fries but portions are a lot bigger when you eat at the place.

I would have given this place 1.5 stars for the food, but they once cancelled a chicken wing eating contest on my friends and me just hours prior to the event with poor explanation so I knock it down to 0.5 stars, but yelp doesn't have 0.5 increments.
I've been to a few "hipster fried chicken" places and they're usually pretty good but overpriced. Wishbone is not only good but reasonably priced. My brother and i split 4 wings, 2 tenders, half a pound of Mac and cheese, and a fountain drink for $18. That may not sound like a lot, but the tenders are big and dense. They have an appropriate amount of breading, no bones and are very tasty. The wings were good, but were very similar in flavor to the tenders, which just offered a whole lot more bang for your cluck. I think wishbone would benefit by offering some veggies to go as a side. Important to note for vegetarians that even the Mac and cheese has chicken sausage in it. So if your omnivore friends are craving wishbone, vegetarians probably need to consider somewhere else. Looking forward to coming back!
My kid loves this place. I think it's attached to her memories of when we would take long bike rides and then stop here before we headed home. The interior is really cute...rustic and kind of kitchy. The food is a-okay. Tonight , with our dark chicken order I found the chicken being on the edge of under cooked. I don't want any question of well done-ness when it comes to chicken. Our Mac n cheese was the last of the pan. I should have waited to ask for the fresh batch. I like their shady, outdoor seating. The craft sodas are kind of cool too.
Ordered from seamless. Chicken tenders were pink inside. Had one bite. Charge $.75 for dipping sauce - ridiculous. Mac and cheese was gross. It was mushy with some kind of marina sauce in it and random pieces of who knows what. Biscuit was good but not $2.75 for a small biscuit good. This place needs to spend more on their cooking and less trying to look cute. NOT IMPRESSED.
I wanted to give 3.5 but couldn't! I must say the delivery service was surprisingly fast and the food was fresh as well. The mac n cheese was tasty with very earthy flavors. It was just perfectly cheesy not going over the top. 
The coating of the chicken wings were refreshingly different. The meat was juicy with great seasoning. Overall worth the money and service.
Wishbone is incredibly overpriced for what you get. You are better off going to America's Best Wings for a drink, 10 pieces of wings with sauce, and crinkle cut fries. One star for the interior. For everything else, I don't think it's worth coming here. The cashier yelled at the cooks four times to get my order in. The cooks never responded so I stood there for about 20 minutes waiting for my fries. Take your money elsewhere. The combos that they have are not worth the money. The food was just alright. Nothing too spectacular worth trying expect the Mac and cheese. If you come here, it's just worth to eat the Mac and cheese. The hospitality and attention span of the workers need to be worked on.
Admittedly, the idea of hipster-themed fried chicken isn't exactly my bag, but this spot did the job. The chicken was pretty good, but the natural soda Spo had was even better. A larger menu would be nice (MORE SIDE DISHES!), but I felt like this was more of a specialty restaurant than one trying to appeal to many.
Wow, I'm so excited! This is my first yelp review and it feels awesome to write a positive one at that as a new yelper (after my friends kept convincing to sign-up since I am a Culinary Arts major~ok, you guys win.) I have never heard of Wishbone before until I stumbled upon it after going to the movies with the beau (Godzilla anyone?). Honestly, I didn't know what to expect from Wishbone when I first entered the restaurant. I was a little confused with how to place my order, but I got the hang of it once a fellow staff gave me a spiel about how things worked. Wishbone was described as a craft-fried chicken joint and indeed the chicken were craft alright! Although I didn't particularly enjoy the dark chicken tenders, the white chicken tenders were pretty tasty. I also had the chicken with a couple of sauces which were Chipotle Lime Mayo, Parmesan Pesto, and Madras Curry. Can I just say that I'm a big fan of pesto, but damn...that Madras Curry was good! I also had their biscuit and celery snap drink which the beau thought was ok. I found the food and decor above average, but I was most impressed with the staff. They were very knowledgeable about their products and sincere in helping an indecisive girl pick which chicken she wanted to devour. The verdict, food is 4 stars, however the service is absolutely 5 stars. It's not the food that makes the business great, it's the people. Great job Wishbone...I will definitely be back in the future! My next stop...Chocolate Con Cafe!
lol this is not good fried chicken if you know good fried chicken. Mine tasted a little undercooked and very overbreaded and they use an aromatic seasoning that is way too overpowering. Also, it's too expensive.
Very nice, helpful staff. The fountain sodas were good. I had white and dark meat tenders with honey mustard -- very good. The mac and cheese was absolutely delicious. I tried the peanut butter pie and the s'mores donut, and those were just okay. It ran about $30 for two people, with dessert. This place has a very cool vibe and very cute decor. If I didn't dine in, I might have just given 4 stars.
I had a chance last evening to visit this place. I ordered a banana pie and a butter milk cheese biscuit with a lo colombe regular coffee. The food was ok , not very great, i found natural sweetnees or no sweetness in the bakery items i ordered which depends on a person's choice. The prices are high i supposed, the staff was very good. If you want to experience it for once or have enough money to spend, definitely go but it's not a place for daily evening visita especially when you are a student. Happy eating ....

-diwa
Ive eaten here many times and really enjoyed the food but they ust have changed hands or something  because the salads were soggy - took it back and the second one was absolutely no different...the chicken is really not the original chickenďl!...disappointed
3.5 stars

The service was spectacular. Upon arrival, the girl at the counter was very nice and asked if it was my first time. When I replied yes, she asked if she could tell me what the have to offer. Why of course!

So they offer pretzel crusted chicken tenders, dark meat and white meat, spicy vs mild. They also have some sweets that I didn't indulge in (but baked on premises!) I also got their mac and cheese, and jalapeno corn bread. 
So the way they price things here is based on weight. And if i remember correctly it's either $7.50 or $8.95/pound I can't remember.. I'll update when I check! 
But as you can see, it's kind of pricey. For my chicken,  cornbread and mac n cheese it came to $15.46 (and I got 5 pieces of chicken tenders). 

I'll give it to them for the mac n cheese. It was awesome flavorful, with a good crust on the top!  The chicken was A-OK. It was decently juicy, but not very flavorful! Kind of bland.  But the crust was nice and crispy! They also have a handful of dipping flavors for 50 cents a piece. I opted for the pesto parmasean which was super awesome. 
The cornbread was pretty good. A ltitle on the dry side, but I really appreciated the amount of jalapenos in there! I love jalapenos :)

I'm not sure I'd be back just due to the pricey-ness and OK value of food. Maybe if I'm in the area :)
I'm sure someone likes it... But not me! 

I spent $13 on a dinner and didn't even finish it - that's saying something because I love food, I love eating and I don't like wasting food. 

They seem to be trying too hard to have unique recipes. I did not enjoy their tough fried chicken and the mac and cheese was just disgusting. 

Also, I was put off by the fact that rap music was playing so loud that you couldn't have a conversation about their somewhat confusing ordering system.
It was great! Wings were extra crispy, I recommend the chipotle lime mayo - dirty bird is a little messy but I should have expected that with chili as a topping, bun was nice And the fountain sodas are extra good. Oh and the Mac and cheese is a must.
This is a carry out styled place. Very nice clean location
When they first opened they had a couple problems. But now that they've been open for a bit I think they have improved a lot. Their food is tasty and super cheap, and the service is fast so I'm giving them 5 stars. That's all I can ask for! 
The people leaving negative reviews must have come when they first opened or they are those stereotypical stuck up yelp people who expect a 5 star dining experience from Mcdonald's.
Perhaps when a nut allergic patron asks about getting a sandwich without the curry peanut sauce, the chef or owner could educate the staff to say something other than "Oh, it will be really dry without the sauce."
Worst service ever. Overpriced fast food that's worse than basically every restaurant in university service. Wants to charge money for water- just greedy owners who should be put out of business. Recommend to avoid!
I work in the area and there arent too many great places to eat so I figured I give Wishbone a shot. Well I'm so happy that I did b/c its my new favorite spot. The decor is so cute. I've had the Mexican wrap and it is amazing, the Mac & Cheese is creamy and has some chipotle in it...yum and the chicken is perfectly cooked. They make all of there sauces and if you tell them you like hot they have some hiddens ones in the back if you dare to try them.
Comfort food is the best way to describe this place. The chicken tenders with the pretzel crust is unique and delicious. You have to try their spin on mac n cheese and biscuits. Both are really good while giving you a twist on a dish we all grew up with. They make their own dipping sauces for the chicken fingers but if you have time try one of their sandwiches. It's easy to miss this place but you should go out of your way not too.
I really really wanted to like this place but didn't. The chicken wasn't great and not such a wide menu to select from. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the place is cool but the food was bad.
This is probably the nastiest food I have had in a long time !  ( my opinion ) . The mac and cheese had a weird sage like flavor with  meat ( perhaps sausage or chicken) and onions . That might sound good but it wasn't good at all. Also ordered coleslaw (it was the lesser of the evils) and pasta salad with pesto ( it had a weird flavor ) . But The worst of all was the overly greasy undercooked chicken wings . The chicken literally reminded me of undercooked "shake and bake". The wings were pink inside and inedible  . They charged a la cart for the sides and sauces . Those little cups were 3 bucks and the sauces were nasty too ! I called the Resturant to complain and I was given a managers number more hassle . 
Listen - don't waste your money . This didn't taste like it could be redeemed. Waste of money !
Just ok. I had wings, potato salad, and a chocolate pretzel hand pie. My fav item was the potato salad. 

I think I would only eat here again if I was looking for late night eats after partying.
After watching the movie Kong I strolled by this quaint little restaurant.    First of all king was good, but don't go to theaters... stream it.  Anywho I was walking by and something smelled fantastic... what was it you ask, wishbone!  So I walk in to this rustic little space and order from the wide variety of comfort food!  So what do I do, I get the mac and cheese, as well as a tasty sandwich, the tasty dirty bird sandwich... and might I say this shit was nuckin futs! I mean perfect seasoning, chicken must've been Kobe beef or something but everything 10/10 would deff recommend!
I like to consider myself a fried chicken connoisseur. I have gone great extremities to find the best fried chicken on campus. With that said, it would have to be Wishbone. Not only is it appropriately priced for the quality that you get, but the quaint establishment also provides one of the most ample varieties of sauces and extras to add to your fried chicken order. I drop like 15$ every time I go cause it's so freakin good. My favorites are the dark meat chicken, the corn bread, and the spiciest grade sauce (which strikes a harmonic balance between the spicy kick and the soothing aftertaste). Also, snag a rewards card on your way out. I thought I wasn't gonna use mine very much, but by the end of the next day I was 40% on my way to a discounted pound.
Soooo I normally order through this place off Uber eats- but today I ordered from them directly and my fries were horrible- stale- cold and I could barely chew them. I called the restaurant to try and get new fries sent out but they refused. I was hungry and she's telling me to contact chow now to get a refund. My coworker even complained about the crusty cold fries. Not to mention that whoever I was speaking to hung up on me. I even offered her the fries back so they can see that I haven't touched them. Don't order from them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Came here for lunch. We ordered one of each chicken, mac and cheese, a fountain drink, and a biscuit. The chicken was dry and with way too much bread crumbs. It had no taste to it without the sauce. The mac and cheese was a bit spicy with some kind a peppers and perhaps meat in it...doesn't seem like a mac and cheese, but more like chili. NOT the best mac and cheese we ever ate. As for the biscuit, it was good. The top was crunchy and buttery. The inside was nice and soft. Overall, this place is over priced for some dry chicken tenders. Not worth it.
I was told Wishbone was amazing so I was expecting a lot. I was really excited to order and its only $1 delivery charge.  We ordered some chicken, fries, and mac and cheese. 
The chicken was decent but mostly bland. I am hoping maybe it's due to the fact that it was delivery vs eating there and the food was just soggy. 

The "legendary" Mac and cheese do include a few kinds of cheese,  onions, chicken sausage, herbs, and buttered-pretzel crumbs. This was definitely different from your traditional mac and cheese options in the neighborhood but again didn't like up to the hype. Perhaps I will have to update later but overall a letdown.
