Noted as one of the best new restaurants in the area slash the COUNTRY, according to Bon Appetit, I figured I had to get in on the action during one of my many trips to Philadelphia. Managed to score a 6pm reservation on a Sunday, which was perfect. I'm not unfamiliar with the Italian joints in Philadelphia, and I was intrigued with the different offerings. Although I'm still confused as to whether I should pronounce the "Wm" part of the restaurant name.

The space is very elegant, with a lot of wood finishing and exposed brick. We were whisked to a room that looked similar to someone's living room, complete with a fireplace and large windows. Pretty cool, and it's interesting to see that there are more and more great restaurants coming to the Northern Philly area. 

What we ordered:
- Hamachi crudo: Really nice with the citrus notes, and the pistachio added a bit of crunch to the texture. It's always nice to see a good cut of raw fish at an Italian restaurant, and I'm glad that more and more Italian restaurants are starting to do this.
- Messinesi: Sort of like a longer version of macaroni, the sweet sausage ragout it came with and the ricotta all went very well together. 
- Speck & Egg pizza: One of the best pizzas I've ever had. I don't use that term lightly, but it was close to perfect execution, in my opinion. The crust was crispy but with slightly enough chew to it, and it came loaded with potatoes, caramelized onions, plenty of speck, and the runny egg on top was amazing.
- Veal cheeks: Super velvety and rich, and the meat was just the right tenderness, complemented well with the firmer rutabaga "gnocchi" underneath. 

Service was excellent throughout the meal, and our server gave excellent recommendations course by course. The value is excellent, as everything we had was top-notch, so you can be assured that you're getting a great dish no matter what.

Overall, an excellent experience, and easily one of the best restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia. Will definitely be back when I can score a reservation at a normal hour, just to try their other pizzas and pastas. Or just go back for that speck & egg pizza. Who knows?
"Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world"...
"Ancho Reyes Liqueur", I started.
The bartender (Scott) looked back thoughtfully and asked "what else do you like?"
I responded "Mezcal. Lime Juice. Ginger" - spicy, smoky, citrusy (pinch short of bitter), layered, complex.

... The Atif. Yup. If for some unearthly reason, you wanted an alcoholic drink that described me, you could order "the Atif" at Wm Mulherin's in Philly's Fishtown. I kid you not (see pix of drink ingredients and bill: they have it in their system). I must warn you though that "The Atif" is (1) premium priced (obviously) at $16, as a custom cocktail; (2) an acquired taste: two of the ladies who sampled it made tortured faces, while four others have loved it. One could barely contain herself, and walked over to me asking "What is your nationality"? I restrained my inner Bogart from replying with "I'm a drunkard" (citizen of the world), but my involuntary wince at a FAQ prompted her to quickly add, "I ask because the drink would be very good with Mexican food". She's right: Like all strong medicines, do not take "The Atif" on an empty stomach - it goes better with food (particularly that amazing pizza with lamb merguez, artichokes, tomato, mozzarella, and mint). 

"As time goes by..." Can you hear it yet?

"Who do you want me to be today?" is what Wm Mulherin's (WMM) appears to be asking you once you walk through the curtain at the entrance. Housed in a hundred year old former whiskey blending and bottling facility, the restaurant brilliantly blends a pre-prohibition vibe with a deft modern touch. In what is, truly, a master class in seduction, the restaurant has a 'particular set of skills' that will render you completely unable to resist its charms. You could be there for craft cocktails and little bites, to appreciate the visual culinary art of gorgeous dishes (scallop crudo), looking for an inexpensive yet satisfying meal from Neapolitan pizzas, items from the grill (like that red pepper-fennel soffritto lamb steak, or the charred but juicy half brick chicken), or whatever specials the restaurant is running (like an exceptional Chestnut Crespelle with pheasant and cabbage, sheeps milk ricotta, and rosemary honey) - WMM has you covered.

Given that crust is my be-all-and-end-all when it comes to pizza, I'm no longer a fan of Neapolitan style pizzas no matter how delicious their toppings or how well executed they are. (Sorry. I just can't eat pizza with a knife and fork). So, when it comes to dining I'm mostly at WMM for the grill and the pastas. The pastas at WMM are not only amazing in terms of craft, but their breadth is unparalleled in the city. I've tried five pastas on the regular menu (the four I haven't have pork), and a host from specials. My favorite pastas have been Pappardelle with venison ragu, dried cherries, cocoa, and rosemary; a Red wine vinegar braised oxtail ravioli with rosemary marrow butter; Bigoli with squid ink, octopus, tomato, and almond; and the Cappelletti with hot coal potato, fontina, and caramelized onions.

I've also sampled all of WMM's desserts. The one I've liked most is an intensely chocolatey and rich flourless chocolate cake with almond, rum, cherry, and pistachio cream on top to round out the flavors. I know that the Coffee Pot De Crème (hazelnut, chocolate, caramel) is extremely popular, but I'd prefer a more intense coffee flavor to balance the sweetness of the caramel (maybe use Turkish coffee?). One dessert special that was well appreciated by the ladies seated on my right to whom I offered it politely (only to see them finish off most of it!) was the bread pudding with white chocolate ice cream. Given how it was received, maybe WMM could move it to the regular menu.

The staff is excellent, and I've made friends given my frequent visits, starting from a fortuitous dinner seated next to one of their new Assistant Managers, Jarrod (wine connoisseur, global traveler, Jalfrezi lover...). While I haven't quite reached the regularity of Norm, I was reminded of him as I've almost always sat on the same spot at WMM. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pdyf9ZRjda8

I've had to think long and hard about what I don't like about WMM: it's SOME of their Friday night patrons. From the boisterous men who don't appreciate the distinction between wearing a suit and being one, to those aggressively seeking seating and 'accidentally' elbowing me twice and kicking me once within 10 minutes (girl: I may be polite, but I've lived in NYC for 15 years...), to the young adults who have trouble letting go of their college years and smoke 'unfamiliar' plants on the bench just outside, to women who loudly complain that the bartender is trying to upsell them when he is only trying to save them money with a less expensive bourbon... Folks: Trust your bartender. It's a classy establishment. If it's your 4th drink of the night, other worries on your unconscious mind deserve your attention instead.

Play it again, Scott.
(to the tune of "Bad at Love" by Halsey)

When I'm hungry and I'm in Fishtown
And I need a spot that won't let me down
Perfect for a date, or just with friends
I find myself going again and again

Whether you're from Philly or the Garden State
And your palate needs to graduate
Let me say, get yourself to Front Street
If only for the speck wrapped 'round the dates

I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe
That this food is bomb.
And I need, yes I need, yes I need, yes I need
Brussels all the time.
Look, I don't mean to dwell on it but I
Always want the speck and egg, yeah I
Always want the speck and egg 'cause

This place, I love (ooh, ooh)
And I wish that I lived further
Temptation 'round the corner
And, I just love the vibe (ooh, ooh)
Just bring your nicest camera
This food screams for the 'gram, ya.
This place I LOVE!

Mulherin, I don't know what you and your sons were doing before this spot, but whatever it was, I'm so glad you switched gears. I've been here for drinks and dinner, and (nearly) every bite has been a delight. Of the maybe 7 different dishes I've tried, only one (a special over a year ago) disappointed, and I think that was just growing pains as they were only recently opened.

Do NOT sleep on anything with speck, it's the star of allllll the shows. Wrapped around dates (that are then stuffed with cheese), or on pizza, it's just outstanding. The pasta is perfection (though I've seen some of the dishes that are smaller portions than others) and the pizza is a dream. The space is beautiful (especially the area with the fireplace) and the bathrooms are pristine with wonderful-smelling soap and lotion.

I've loved the attentive-without-being-overbearing service. Only semi-negative tip is "don't sit near the oven" because you WILL smell like a campfire for the rest of your night.
Oh my!! Wm Mulherin's Sons! I don't even know how to pronounce your name, but you just gave me one of the best meals I've had in a loooooong time!!  You know your dinner is so good, when I left the restaurant literally skipping down the sidewalk because I was so happy!

We sat at the bar, to keep it casual. Glad we did, we got to see the talented bartenders mixing crafty cocktails all night! Right in front of the action! We also were able to keep asking a lot of questions about the  menu, since the bartender was conveniently right in front of us lol. 

Drinks: Amazing! So many different fancy mixology type cocktails. I wanted to try them all! They also had great beer selections, which sold me. Most places similar to Wm Mulherin's Sons have either good beer, or good cocktails, but not both. We ordered a Berliner-weisse, and a sour cherry gose. Yumm! My draft beer was only $6! The bottle beer was $15, but it was a big bottle. 

FOOD: To die for! Everything was so delicious, we seriously couldn't stop eating. I was scraping up the sauces off the plate, eating more than I could fit, just to keep tasting everything that was so amazing!  
- STUFFED DATES blew me away, wrapped in sweet bacon, stuffed with gorgonzola, and drizzled with the most amazing cherry date sauce on top. Wow. I'll be talking about this appetizer for a long time. 
- EGG & SPECK FLATBREAD was ridiculous! Topped with an over easy egg with the yolk drizzed on top, bacon, potatoes, and amazing crema sauce. And the crust... perfect crust! Thin and crispy underneath, but the think part of the crust at the end was still soft and doughy inside. How is that possible? Perfection! One of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. I have a few all-time favorite places for fancy flatbreads in Philly, and I'm telling you, I think Wm Mulherin's Sons beats them! So impressed. 
- CAVATELLI was sooo delicious! It had a perfect creamy truffle sauce, with yummy mushrooms mixed in. The sauce was so good, we were using our leftover bread pieces to soak up all the leftover sauce in the bowl so nothing went wasted! 

Bravo Chef! The food totally blew me away. I can't wait to come back and eat literally everything else on the menu LOL!  Drinks, Food, Service, Atmosphere, Ambiance, PERFECT! One of my new favorite places.
Like a fellow Yelper, I too did not think much of Wm. Mulherin's Sons. The menu did not particularly stand out to me, but the Yelp reviews for this place have been so positive.

Last night, we had dinner here with a friend, and was pleasantly surprised by how great the food was.

We started out with the Crispy Octopus, which consisted of a whole tentacle. It was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.

My husband and I then shared the Leslie Chow pizza and Malfadine Carbonara, both of which I highly recommend. Just from looking at the ingredients, the Leslie Chow pizza sounds just like his character -- a crazy blend of ingredients. But it didn't taste crazy, in fact it was delicious --  incorporating sweet and salty elements. The Malfadine Carbonara was creamy, with the crispy pork belly enhancing the dish even more.

We also ordered the Gold on the Ceiling and Fire on a Mountain cocktails with our dinner. They weren't exactly amazing cocktails, but they were definitely strong. I think we'll stick to the wine next time.
It is so rare for me to find and rate two five-star 'joints' in 3 months.  But I did, I'ze got skills!

Greeted by two lovely young hostesses, with a definite future of whatever they choose, and that can include "me",  we were offered to wait in the seats by the door away from the crowded bar and they would get drinks for us, OR we can sit at an outside table in this mid 70's degree temp night.  Was that really a choice to ponder?  So outside we went to a sidewalk table, where we can watch the hot millennials pass by, and come and go and I would admire and smile and occasionally melt.   Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere, oh my dog.

Our waiter was terrific, efficient, suggestive and knew the make-up of each dish like the back of his hand.

The cocktail menu was original and creative.  If you want a gin drink, try the one with the frothy egg whites (I forget the name), it was fabulous.  The Sister Francis was an adjusted Rye version of a Manhattan and was perfect. 

The food:  Three small plates and two entrees was more than enough for two...here we go...
*Stuffed Dates wrapped in speck, stuffed with gorgonzola, surrrounded by dried plum puree, a friggin' MUST HAVE--5 stars
*Pork Head special, was made into a terrine, served sliced and with very fresh beets -- 5 stars
*Corzetti pasta with rabbit, chanterelles, and favas, a little non-bursting in flavors but still very, very good -- 4 stars
*Half Brick Chicken  served  with escarole, and cipollini onion, it rivals my favorite Brick Chicken of all time at Savona -- 4.5 stars
*Veal Cheek with roman gnocchi, I would eat this every last day of my life if I was able, so rich and decadent and flavorful and delightful -- 5 stars at least

No dessert, just some wine and beer to accompany aforementioned delectables, and a decent selection of both also.

I have to bring my new future ex down here to Fishtown's finest soon!  ;-)
Talk about an EXPERIENCE! oh my goodness. Everything about Mulherin's Sons exceeded my expectations. If you follow me, you should know I'm very picky so when a restaurant blows me out the water I gotta share! Everything about this restaurant is top notch. From the moment I walked in, it was like I was back in NYC. Dim lighting, great music, awesome smells. It's intoxicating. My friend chose a seat by the fire (PERFECT) and the night just smoothly avalanched in the best way possible. I posted photos of every meal we enjoyed but I didn't get a pic of the delicious, tender octopus that we had that was out of this world. If you are seeking an NYC vibe with quality and flare, please do not hesitate to try Mulherin's. I personally guarantee you will not be disappointed. Undoubtedly a gem of Fish town.
Outstanding. Everything. The ambiance, the history behind the space, the cocktails, the food, the service. The meticulously thought out details of the menu and space. The obvious time and energy that has gone into and does go into making the latest (and greatest) addition to the Fishtown fam a huge and what will be lasting success. 

A carefully restored whiskey bottling and barreling building from 1890 which was shut down during prohibition and remained that way for 89 years is now open as Wm Mulherin's Sons. This is one you will want to make a trip out to continually thriving Fishtown for. 

The space is just gorgeous. The hostess informed me they did everything possible to preserve as much of the original architecture as possible. Crisp Subway tiles, exposed brick walls highlighted with mood setting up lighting. Hand gold leaf lettering on the front of the building. Succulents, well, because there awesome. Funky flooring, covered with kilim rugs. Big, bright open windows allowing you to see just enough of the happenings of this rapidly expanding community. Votives on every table, booths or two tops, creating a warm, inviting atmosphere. You can't miss playful, folk mural when you walk through the door above you. Don't forget to snap a foot photo with the "winner" lettering in the tiles by the hostess stand or of the always changing classic quotes on the front board that make you chuckle. Oh, and I can't mention the vibes without talking about the music. It was an unexpected, but completely welcomed mix of 90's hip hop. Songs we hadn't heard in years. What a trip! 

Everyone is friendly. Everyone wanted to be there. Everyone was excited about the space and making sure the experience was a fantastic one for all. From our amazing waiter Michael to the girls at the front, everyone went above and beyond with information, cocktail suggestions and detailed menu descriptions. I even saw Chef Chris Painter take a glance around the dining room with pride. 

We walked right in on a Friday night around 7pm and were offered a table even though we were just planning on grabbing a cocktail. The place steadily began to get more and more crowded as the light went on. From the looks of it, they did a great job at seating people quickly. 

Cocktails were carefully created, strong and all so delicious. They are not yet listed on the site, but should be because they are super special.  I ventured away from my go to flute of champs because this is the place you would do so. I had the Splitting Pears -14 (pear brandy, cantaloupe shrubs, dry vermouth, prosceco, meyer lemon bitters). Hubs had Sterlings Redemption -12 (coconut-oil washed rum, Campari, lime, smoked salt and grapefruit soda) and Sister Francis -12 (George Dickel rye, cynar, ramazzotti, sweet vermouth, mole bitters). 

The wood fired pizza is some of the best you will ever have!! With 8 to choose from and usually one on special, you could have a field day! Side note: the dough is not made with egg and the sauces are not made with cheese so vegan/ dairy free patrons, enjoy! Order any pizza minus the cheese, you will NOT miss it! We split the Leslie Chow -15 (nameke, King trumpet, taleggio (which we omitted), radicchio, saba and caramelized onions (which were not listed). It was so flavorful! Perfectly crispy too. The Spicy Jawn seems to be a favorite for most. 

The appetizers looked delectable...stuffed dates, broccoli rabe, which is out of this world and roasted cauliflower with raisins. 

Delicate pasta dishes, fish, seafood and grilled meats such a chicken (which we saw pass by and was big enough for two) and steaks as well. A little something for everyone. I can imagine you can't go wrong with anything you decided to have. 

Whether it's cocktails at the bar with co-workers or friends, cozy date night or bigger family dinners even with the kiddos, Wm Mulherin's is suitable for any occasion. 

Oh, and there's a big parking lot on the right hand side before the restaurant on Front Street!  

My only gripe was that their gift cards weren't printed yet as they have only been open 4 weeks. We loved it all so much we wanted to get send my parents down to try it out! 

We highly recommended it here and will be back for sure!
Food Delicious.  Service Outstanding.  Ambiance Wonderful. If you can bear the slightly higher prices for smaller food portions, WM Mulherin's is a home run for dinner with friends, date night, or a special occasion. 

We recently had dinner here with friends on a Tuesday night.  The place was packed and we still waited about 10 minutes for our table, even though we had a reservation.  Reservations seem to be a must regardless of the day you visit.

The restaurant is very dimly lit making it a little hard to read the menu. We shared our food by ordering the Wood Oven Cauliflower, Broccoli Rabe, Leslie Chow Pizza, Cappelacci di Zucca, Halibut Plate, and the Purple Sweet Potato Mousse.

The Best:  We loved the Cauliflower.  It was so flavorful and delicious. The Leslie Chow Pizza was very unique but had a great savory taste to it. The Halibut was cooked to perfection. 

Good:  The Broccoli Rabe was good, but I found it way too salty. The Purple Sweet Potato Mousse was very unique. 

Just Ok:  The Cappelacci di Zucca was my least favorite.  It was oddly sweet and the portion size was tiny
Great setting for a wonderful evening.

Can't go wrong with a number of their small plates and pizzas, there are many great options to choose from.  My favorite is the Octopus and Beans appetizer, definitely a top dish.

The pizzas are fantastic!  Chewy, thin, crusty, with fantastic toppings.

Pasta are great although the portion sizes are perhaps a bit underwhelming.  I'm all for quality over quantity but leaving room for dessert might have left a little more room than desired.

The service is always welcoming and attentive.  Sitting at the bar is fantastic.  Always better to make a reservation before arriving, this is always a hot ticket for dinner.
WM Mulherin's is a Philadelphia dining institution in the making, if it hasn't already reached that status. After being on the top of my to-eat list for way too long, I finally found myself there for a special occasion dinner.

Initially we were seated in the dining room across from the fireplace. They were talking professional food pictures and the camera's flash was pretty intrusive, but thankfully they were able to quickly move us to a table near the brick ovens.

We were promptly greeted by a friendly server and had decisions to make. Everything on the food and cocktail list looked fantastic. Our server suggested basically ordering something from each section and sharing; that would've been WAY too much food. We ended up with a pizza, two pastas and an entree from the grill. It was more than enough food to leave us full but not grossly uncomfortable.

So to drink I started with their special of the evening. It was vodka based, had a peach purée and another liquor. It was sweet, smooth and yet strong. 

Our Spicy Jawn pie came our first. This pizza is something special. It truly is as I've never had a pie quite like it. The crust was light and doughy- the dough itself had the unique quality I can't quite put my finger on. The pepperoni, hot coppa, caciocavallo, sharp provolone, long hots and tomato had excellent flavor and balance. 

The pastas came next. We went for the Tortelloni (rabbit, mortadella, pistachio) and Agnolotti del Plin (suckling pig, cabbage, apple, gruner veltliner). They can both best be described as artisan. I only wish the portions were a little larger.

Finally, we had the lamb steak. It had all the amazing flavor of lamb complimented by spice rub, bean salad, red pepper-fennel soffritto. It had a little fat, but the flavor was so great, I indulged in that a bit.

The room had an old, constitutional era feel. As it turned dark for the evening, the lighting turned romantic. Next visit, I'd probably wait for a night reservation to get that mood and vibe.

If you ask me where you should eat in Philly, have no doubt WM Mulherin's will be on my short list.
Newly opened in March 2016 and one of Philly's hottesy, newest, freshest restaurants (source: bon appetit mag). As a tourist coming from CA, this place has major Oakland vibes. I loooooved the interior: dimly lit, intimate, cool, hip, borderline rustic. Loooooved the centrally placed fireplace; so comforting to the eye and ear. 

I dined here solo while on a business trip. The food choice was difficult, the drink order (to drink alone or not?) Muy dificile. I ended up getting the hamachi crudo and 2 pastas as rec'd by Zagat. I honestly could've ordered anything on the menu though. Everything looked good! 

The hamachi crudo was refreshing and sweet, sour, and bitter, which I liked. The ravioli with short rib and olives was yummy. The porcini cavatelli was described  to me by the waiter as gnocchi-like, so I had to try it while in Philly, where there's great Italian food. It was also yummy, but could have used a bit more complexity with additional ingredients or maybe fresh herb(s), small content though. I loved it all, food, venue, and service-5 stars pew pew pew! 

I hope this place stays a while for my next visit. I want to come back with my hubbz so we can get drinks together. The cocktails and drinks looked affordable ($12!) For the quality, and the selection was good. Gah, til next time! 

PS, looooove the name of the restaurant! So memorable and easy to search online.
Best dining experience I've had in Philadelphia, Loved the interior, food and staff was extremely friendly in a genuine way. Can't wait to go back.
I have wanted to try this restaurant for years and with my friend making a reservation for her bachelorette party the time had finally come! We were able to set up a family style meal for eight with a set price before we went with drinks a la carte.

The food was amazing. I loved everything that came out. We had brocollini and beets for our first courses. It was then on to pasta and pizza which was top notch. Next was steak and fish which weren't my favorite but were well cooked but a bit under seasoned. Lastly was dessert my favorite of which was the panna cotta like cheesecake.

My concern and why I chose to write a yelp review was that the server did something very sketchy and something I haven't seen before as a former waitress myself or in other restaurants. At the beginning of the meal I ordered a wine and where my red flag went up is when I had 1/4 of a glass left and he refilled 1. Without asking if I'd like more and 2. It wasn't a fresh full glass of wine so I only got a 3/4 pour. This was very strange to me but I thought maybe the other girls had gotten a bottle and he forgot which wine I got.

At the end of the night it turns out he was doing this to every lady at the table who had gotten wine. Our bill came back with 9 wines between two ladies which was very high. We complained to the server with him being rude about it. The manager ended up taking a wine or two off so while appreciated I just want the server to be trained as well. It was a very sketchy practice and while I don't personally blame the restaurant I would most likely not go back knowing this server was doing this. 

I have the servers name if management is interested but won't post it publicly here.
Finally I made it to Wm Mulherin's Sons. I'm so excited & I just can't hide it!

Here's my dining experience to savour:
Roasted Cauliflower and Leslie Chow pizza were hand in hand on our dinner table--(Leslie's pie was topped off with handful of mushrooms, few leaves of radicchio, taleggio cheese, and more).  However, there was no reason to just leave them be alone, so we also ordered delicious Veal Tartare Toast, and I got the beef rib ravioli for my self- Yummy, Yummy, Yummy, 
I got love in my tummy.

- I made the reservation a week in advance and I was lucky to get one (we didn't have to wait when we got there).
- Delicious food.
- Reasonable prices.
- Okish service. 

Four and half Yelps.
I'd heard rave reviews of Wm Mulherin's Sons (despite not knowing how to pronounce its name) for what seemed like forever before I finally had the chance to head to this Fishtown eatery for dinner. I made a reservation about 3-4 weeks in advance, and at the time, there was already a limited availability, so I recommend calling them ahead of time to book your table. 

When I finally arrived for my meal, the atmosphere was so warm and inviting. With dim, intimate lighting and a roaring fireplace, the tone was already set for a fantastic dinner. Our server was friendly, knowledgable, but not overbearing. My friend and I both ordered cocktails; I went for a gin one, and she for a tequila. Both were rich, delicious, and not too sweet. For food, we split one of the pork ribs small plate, the bigoli (a squid ink pasta with octopus), and the winter pie. Everything was amazing! The pork ribs were so tender they were practically falling off the bone, and the bite from the jalepeno was a great touch. The winter pie came topped with a balsamic crema, melted cheese, brussel sprouts and sweet potatoes; just a little sweet but well balanced with a thin crust. For dessert, we opted to split a millefoglie, which was very light, the perfect topping to our meal. We both left satisfied and very full.

After an incredible dinner experience, I'm excited to come back for brunch or even just drinks! Definitely worth the wait and the money!
I don't know why it has taken me this long to write a review on hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the area. I have been here more times than I can count and even didn't cancel my reservations during a big snow storm though the majority of Philadelphia was no where in sight. 

I recommend here the most for brunch with a group. You should order several plates to share so that you can maximize on how many dishes you experience. My favorites from the small plates section for dinner are: pork ribs and tuna crudo; pizza for brunch: double margarita and the mushroom truffle burrata; pasta for brunch: bucatini cacio e pepe; "eggs and whatnot" for brunch: hanger and egg.

The only thing I haven't gotten into is their dessert. I have to admit I was slightly disappointed that after such an amazing meal there wasn't that cherry on top feeling with the dessert. However I still can't not give this place a 5 - the staff is friendly, the location is beautiful, and the food is overall great.

Ambience provides a warm, tucked in feeling. Even the breakfast/brunch coffee mugs enhance this sentiment - my friend and I looked to the bottom of our cups and laughed as they were made by Wm Mulherin's. Of course they would be- everything they touch is pretty much perfection.

Tip: book in advance as it can often be difficult to obtain a dinner reservation for the window of 6:30-9pm.
Top notch, in every way! Loved my visit from the service, the food, and the space. We had a 9pm reservation but didn't mind a little bit of a wait for the table to open up. The place is hopping at night. The space is dark and sexy, perfect for a night on the town. 

Service was so great, guys. I can't stress enough how the staff made sure every step of the meal and experience was to our liking. A complimentary pasta dish was swept in, to accommodate our very brief wait beyond our reservation.  You didn't have to! So nice. 

We started off with some drinks and craft beers from their menu, and with one of the crudo appetizers and the short ribs. The crudo was great, but the short ribs were absolutely amazing.

The Half Brick Chicken from the grill was cooked perfectly for our entree. In between all of this food I kept asking to see if the "on deck" craft beers were ready; as I was anxious for one of the local beers listed. It was never ready, but I appreciate our patient waitress putting up with my constant asks. 

Loved Mulherin's!
We braved the cold this weekend and managed to grab a bar seat at Wm. Mulherin's Sons for a rare kidless dinner. 

Our bartender truly made us feel like we were the only patrons in the bar, making sure our drinks were always full, our plates were cleared quickly, and assisting us with our menu choices (both with beverages and food).  He did a great job of making this meal an experience and not just a quick bite at a bar.  

The menu here is meant to be shared - so there are small plates, pizzas, pastas, and some large plates/grill items.  

We ordered two small plates, a pizza, and an item from the grill and took home most of the pizza and half of our grill item - so much food!! 

The clear winner of all the items we had was the Veal Tartare Toast.  We love tartares and this was no exception.  At first bite I thought the bread was a bit over toasted but as I continued to eat my portion I realized it was perfectly toasted (grilled) to go with the flavors in the caesar dressing and in the veal itself.  I actually had a craving for this last night, no more than 48 hours after initially trying it.  This would definitely be one of our go-to's if we ate here again. 

Our other small plate was the Octopus - perfectly salted and well-cooked.  The pistachio sauce paired well with the meat and the smoked sweet paprika definitely popped in your mouth.  Our second favorite and I'd lean towards getting it again in a heartbeat, but I might also try another seafood option.  

The pizza was described as small, six slices.  We both felt it was quite big given it was a "small plate."  We did the Leslie Chow.  The radicchio flavor was hit or miss in my book.  It blended well with some bites, but was a bit bitter/earthy on others.  It did taste much better left over - I reheated it in my toaster oven and loved the radicchio on each bite the second time around.  

Our last dish was the lamb steak.  While it was by no means bad, it was our least favorite, and we probably wouldn't order it again.  The portion was HUGE - three pieces of lamb and not small sized.  The red pepper fennel soffritto was an interesting addition  I loved the capers in it and the amount of acid it added to the dish.  The bean salad was okay.  A solid dish, just not our favorite. 

I highly recommend stopping in here, even if it is just for drinks or drinks and a pizza.  Both of our cocktails were well-crafted and were the perfect combination of the liquors in them and the mixers added in.  None were sweet, but I didn't feel like my throat was on fire either.
My experience at Wm Mulherin's was not one that I will soon forget. 

Under the careful supervision of GM, Mike, your dining experience will be flawless. While waiting to be seated, we were brought cocktail menus. Picking one seemed difficult but luckily, all their knowledgeable staff needed to know was a few favorite flavors and they were able to recommend both on and off menu cocktails that did not disappoint. This place could easily stand alone as a cocktail bar alone. 

Once seated, the menu overwhelmed in the way that you wish you had more people at the table so you could just order everything. As a group of 5, we were able to tackle a good portion of their modest menu and everything was delicious. Stand outs include: the octopus, dates (coming from someone who does not like dates,) and fluke crudo. However, the one thing on the menu that stands out among the rest is the chicken. I know what you're thinking. The chicken?! As someone who can't remember the last time I had chicken at a restaurant (unless it's fried) I felt the same way when Mike told us it was a favorite. However, we trusted his expertise (he's worked for Starr and Morimoto) and went with it. This may be the best chicken I've ever had. Cooked to perfection and made me want to scrape the wooden plate clean. The chicken is MUST ORDER. You'll thank me later. 

We closed out our night with some after dinner drinks, a cheese plate and the bread pudding. Feeling stuffed beyond belief but already scouring the menu for what we would order next time.

You've got to try this place.
Mulherin's has been a well-reviewed and popular stop since opening under the El in an old distillery on the edge of Fishtown.  Even after almost a year in operation this place still has a buzz.  This is an upscale Italian restaurant but many peeps head here for a wood-fired pizza & beer.  Me too!  I ordered the Speck & Egg Pizza which I did enjoy very much except for a small critique.  It was my first time ever having potatoes on a pizza and they add absolutely nothing in flavor.  But the speck, egg, fontina, and caramelized onions made the pizza tasty.  If you like crispy crusts, this pizza crust was definitely not.  A local Neshaminy lager was a perfect accompaniment to the pizza.  Mulherin's looks really great inside with lots of different nooks and crannies and service was friendly.  I understand all the positive reviews.
This place is some good shit

I've been chomping at the bit to pay WMS a visit ever since my know-it-all-and-is-good-at-everything friend suggested it to me as one of her faves in Philly. My fiance's birthday was the perfect opportunity for us to be sneaky, cheating keto bitches and celebrate by sampling what WMS has to offer. 

I made a reservation for a Wednesday evening in early August. The air conditioning was operating on full blast and raised the itty bitty hairs located over my spine. 

The drink menu is extensive and creative. We both ordered something complicated, sugary, and most importantly, strong. 

We're appetizers/eat-literally-as-much-as-physically-possible kind of bitches so we went with the Selection of Cheese. You can order either three or five and frankly I have no idea what possessed us to order THREE instead of five. Cheeses are accompanied by baguette slices, some candied nuts (typical), what looks like fig marmalade, something that appears to be honeycomb (wtf?), and cubes of some substance that likely originated as a fruit. 

 For the rest of our meal we split the italian classics pizza and pasta in order to appreciate the full range of WMS's offerings. Thank JESUS this place has bucatini, probably my favorite kind of pasta. Spaghetti with a hollow core? What brilliant genius defied the laws of physics to invent that shit? Bucatini was wreathed in a divine pomodoro sauce and adorned with some basil flecks. DELISH. 

For our pizza selection we tried to be sophisticated and order a pizza with some veggies and other juicy toppings however accidentally ordered one with heaps of sausage. Classically attributed to our laziness of looking up what one of the words meant that was naturally assumed to be a cheese. I'm a vegetarian so I did my best to avoid it. Pizza was quite tasty as well. 

For dessert we got an ice cream ball on a a pedestal of smaller chocolatey balls. Chocolatey balls resembled Cocoa Puffs but a superior version. A birthday candle was situated on top of the ice cream ball which was a nice touch and provided a good photo op that emphasized my lil babe's birthday. 

This was a good choice for Italian in fish town but socks were still present on my feet upon departure.
I'll start off by saying the food is 100% amazing. Breakfast or dinner. (I haven't had lunch here)

The environment is super classy. The building next door needs to be demolished but that has nothing to do with this establishment. 

Now on to the service: now I understand that a huge part of the restaurant business is selling certain items, selling a lot of items, and presenting all the options to the consumer. That being said, if a customer doesn't want the spiel, don't force it on them.

My partner and sat down to eat dinner here, and the waiter came up to us to give us our water. We pretty much already knew what we wanted, and we've both been to enough restaurants like this to understand how the whole sharing plates thing works. It's not a hard concept. So the waiter came up to us and I tried to say we already knew what we wanted, you know, to skip the whole specials shebang, and the waiter refused to take our order. 

But not only did he refuse to take it, he sort of rudely said, "Well, I'll explain how it works in a minute," and walked away. Now I was fuming. We almost walked out. So I ordered a drink, that loosened me up a bit, and then allowed him to do his incredibly long bit... and then guess what? We ordered the same exact items we were going to order before the waiter's long speech. 

Look, I spend a ton of money on food. I like "fine dining", but come one... if customers don't want to hear the whole specials, "here's how we work," bit, just let it go. And while this may be a nice restaurant, the aura of ostentatiousness should end the moment you, the waiter, open your mouth. Remember that we're here to eat, ultimately, and the attitude needs to leave. 

I'm certain not all the staff is like this, and I still tipped 20% as I always will regardless of service, but I'd give the staff a little convo about how to approach customers who already know what they want. Yes, use those persuasive techniques to sell key items. No, do not insist that I listen to the items if I do not want to.
Stopped in on a Sunday morning for an early brunch. Had a reservation at 10:30am but they were just getting setup when we arrived so we had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. 

The dining room slowly filled up around us and was nearly full when we left. Just remember to get in there early if you want to avoid the rush. There's lots of space either way so you're not crowded and the restaurant is split between several different rooms which adds to the overall charm. 

Started with a coffee because that's what everybody needs on a Sunday morning. The coffee was good, but take a long look at the beautiful ceramic mugs. For the main I had the Eggs on Volcano. It was quite delicious and full of flavor in every bite.
The inside is industrial fabulous, but that's the only good thing I can say about Mulherin's. 
Yes, the parking lot is free but as it only holds 12 cars and you are forced to circle around, parking is difficult.  We had to make our rezzo two months in advance due to their full booking but as we sat down at 7:30 on a Saturday, there were plenty of tables available.  What's that about?  As it got busier, we had to raise our voices to converse.  The din was unpleasant AND THEY LIKE IT LIKE THAT.  But here's what you should know about the value:  the wine is a very short pour of, maybe, five ounces.  We were four people, we got four thin slices of bread.  At the next table were three people.  They got three slices of bread.  MULHERIN'S COUNTS THE BREAD. Hello!!!!! People like bread!  Now this is important:  when an octopus appetizer costs $16, do you expect some octopus on that?  There were two small coated pieces, probably weighing a total of 3 ounces!  The raviolis were the size of a nickel.  Yes, you got eight.  But eight nickels looks like nothing on a plate.  And a golfball--sized scoop of ice cream is $5.  After spending $175 for four people, we left hungry.   If you want to be trendy and leave hungry, then Mulherin's is for you. If you don't want to be gypped, go elsewhere.
I hadn't been to Wm Mulherin's since they were new. I couldn't remember why I hadn't returned because I remember the food being good. I saw a late reservation slot open last weekend and decided to give it a go. 

Well, once the first dish arrived, I remembered why. The bass tartare was $18 and only about a tablespoon of chopped fish. While it was good, it wasn't amazing and worth the price tag. Other restaurants give you way more for that price. The cheese ravioli with favas had nice texture, but again, very small and pricey. It also was a little too salty due to all the cheese both outside and inside. 

The pizza isn't cheap, but is standard dinner prices for the city. The asparagus and ferns white pizza was excellent with lots of greens and flavor. It was perfectly seasoned with a nice wood oven crust and not too salty. I would order this again. 

Our bill was around $90 before tip, and my husband was still hungry. Service was also terrible for this price point. When I asked questions about the menu, "Can you tell me about the bass tartare?" I got generic answers, "It's bass tartare. Chopped up bass." Yeah, I know what that is, but when I'm paying $18 for an appetizer, I want a description. Is there a sauce? An oil? Seasoning? Portion size? The worst was when we finished our food, I asked for a dessert menu. It was 11:02 PM. She said the kitchen was closed. Okay, fine but what kind of place doesn't do last call/order? Even dive bars give you a heads up when the kitchen is closing. The service was incredibly disappointing, especially at this price point. 

Drinks were on point though. My mezcal green pepper cocktail was well crafted and a good pour. My husband loved his whiskey based cocktail. I recommend going for drinks and pizza if you aren't looking to spend a lot of cash. I think I would have been much happier if I'd done so.
Excellent service and food highlight this new Kensington Restaurant.  It takes a lot to leave center city and try a new Restaurant in Philadelphia.  I've been here three times with ease.

The only issue is that they do not allow you to stand at the bar while you wait for a table.  A little weird but there are several bars in the area, where you can wait.  

Our waiter Jason was fantastic. Helpful, eloquent smart and fast.  He was great.
I'd be remiss to leave the area without reviewing Wm Mulherin's Sons. This incredible, classy spot had been on my bookmarks list from the time it opened and it was on my Philly bucket list for this month prior to jet-setting to another country.

I was so, so glad to finally make it there two weeks ago with Stephanie S. Her review basically shares all the same opinions I had about the meal so I won't rehash! We split each course, which was the way to go, especially for a first visit.

Everything -- and I mean everything -- from the stuffed dates starter to the pizza was top quality. Sitting at the bar was a great idea also. We enjoyed watching the bartenders create really fun cocktails and our water glasses were never empty.

I have to give big praise to the speck and egg pizza. I've never had anything quite like it before in a pizza form, and it was cooked perfectly.

Not to mention, the bill was surprisingly affordable. If I was staying in the area, I already would have made reservations for a return visit. Instead, I'll just crave their pizza dough for eternity. NBD.
I've been here twice and both time, I've felt the food was good - not great - but good enough for me not to feel outraged at the price. The first time, I had a late night Margherita pizza and a glass of white wine at the bar over a year ago. I remember being impressed by the wine but feeling that the pizza was not as good as Pizzeria Vetri, Pitruco, or Nomad's. Perhaps the entrées are better?

My second visit here was for brunch. Michael F and I split a Seafood Mixto, Cappelletti, and Speck & Egg Pizza. The Seafood Mixto was tasty, but the portion was a bit small (small pieces of seafood were cut up even smaller and I felt we each got 4-5 pieces). The same could almost be said of the Cappelletti. Tasty, but small in portion, and less impressive in flavor than fresh pasta you might get at Osteria. 

The Speck & Egg Pizza was really what I had come back for. Again, it was good overall, but the flavors were kind of subdued and I wasn't wowed by the textures. Considering the price, I did not expect such a scarcity of toppings. I probably would have liked it better if they used at least a bit more sauce/cheese and less potatoes. 

I'm willing to come back to try some dinner entrées. Hopefully those will have more of a wow factor.
Five stars for the libations. The bees knees and the diplomatic relations cocktails were well executed and potent.

I was disappointed with our meal, though. We ordered the stuffed dates (speck, gorgonzola, dried plum puree), the leslie chow pizza (mushrooms, taleggio, radicchio, saba), the octopus
(pistachio, cannellini beans, smoked sweet paprika), and the tortelloni (rabbit, mortadella, pistachio). 

While the stuffed dates and mushroom pizza were outstanding, the chef had an unbelievably heavy hand with salting the octopus and tortelloni. These dishes were heavily salted to the point that they were not edible. Thankfully, they were very small dishes (three cut pieces of octopus basically equating to one tentacle, about 10 tortelloni) and we were able to make it look like we made a dent in the dishes. I am not one to send things back, no matter how terrible they may be. I learned my lesson with these and will not order these dishes again.

I'd come back for the pizza, but I must also warn that the waitstaff encourages you to order much more than just a pizza. If I come back for the pizza, I'll stick to just that.
Really really enjoyed this place. Came here for a date and made the pick based upon going to liberty distillery afterwards and the great yelp reviews. Also parking! It's in an old distillery building itself and its absolutely beautiful inside. Exposed brick, nice dark romantic lighting, great upscale rustic vibe. Our service was immaculate and so quick, never let our drinks get below half empty. Ordered the cocktail special of the night, the single barrel, and it was great. Was explained that the dishes come as cooked and meant to be shared. Ordered the Raviolo and the chicken out of the wood oven. Raviolo came first, and I am a huge fan and have eaten raviolo all over the world. This one was great. Pumpkin/squash filling was very tasty, the pasta was cooked perfectly, and the brown butter sauce was incredible. The chicken was also perfectly cooked, tender, and seasoned. 
Definitely worth coming here!
I came here by myself for dinner on a Wednesday night around 8 and sat at the bar. The bar was fairly full, and so were most tables. Overall it was pretty comfortable - decent lighting, not too loud, would've had enough space if it weren't for my giant backpack from work stuffed under my feet and the lady next to me seeming to be oblivious to her elbow hitting me every so often.  

The bartender didn't rush me. I ordered the Double Margherita (tomato, bufala mozzarella, basil, burrata) and asked which wine he would suggest. He was a bit snarky, saying that it's just a margarita, so any red would do ("as anyone worth their salt should know; I'm not surprised someone making such a commonplace food order would ask such an ignorant question, you wine dilettante" - but I'm sure I'm projecting). So I ordered one of the reds he pointed to. 

The food and wine came quickly. The pizza - amazing. Really, really good. I'm not a pizza connoisseur and usually am fine with average pizza. But this stuff made me happy. The crust had a good doughiness to it, not super crispy or burned. The ratio of sauce to cheese was spot on - not overwhelmed by the tomato, and I didn't feel like I was choking on cheese. The quality of the cheese made it shine. 

So, though I didn't love the slight snobbiness of the place, I'd go again for the food and hope they've continued to get over themselves in the meantime.
It has taken us a while to get a table here which is always a good indicator. Usually by the time we decide its booked up or a long wait. On a whim from the city to the shore we decided to swing by to see if we could slide in right at opening time of 5pm on a Sunday.

Score! Able to get 2 bar seats. Mixologist/server Samuel was very accommodating and gave us specials and recommendations. We also got some additional info from manager (pays to be at service bar end) and other servers picking up drinks.

This is the reason for 5 stars and on my top ten in Philly restaurant picks. 

The ambience was beautiful. Inside and outside seating available and although right below the L train , still chill laid back vibes. A little bit hipster because that is the way of Fishtown but friendly atmosphere with mixed crowd diners.

The drinks are really good. Mixology cocktails, extensive beer and wine list all checked off. I had the "club cocktail" which was not only pretty but delicious. Im normally not a gin girl (gin and tonic days were the devil) but the club cocktail was light and frothy with egg white goodness and lulled me right into the relax zone.

The food is top notch. We had the Gorgonzola Dates to start. Sweet and savory and not fill the gut but rather warm it up for the meal. The Speck Egg Pizza was a menu item I have had my eye on and truly did not disappoint. Speck potatoes, over easy egg, carmelized onion & fontina cheese. However, the shining dish was their spaghetti special with a light white sauce (think wine and butter not Alfredo) topped with fresh shaved Australian winter truffles in season. This is not a normal menu item so run to Wm before they are out of those crazy good truffles. Just the right portion of pasta cooked perfectly Al dente. Honestly, I rarely eat pasta but I stole a forkful of my husbands because truffles are a weakness of mine.  I ended up eating several mouthfuls along with using my pizza crust to mop up the sauce and residual truffles.

For dessert we had the coffee creme de pot and cappuccinos. Rich and creamy texture with toffee on top. A nice ending to a fantastic meal.

Overall excellent experience. We will definitely be going back...if we can get in.
Went here to celebrate a family birthday. Fantastic environment whichever room you are seated in. High end decor and hopping on a Friday evening.
Great cocktails and the food.....awesome!
Cauliflower plate was terrific as was the crudo, pork ribs and mixto seafood starters.
Pizza was delicious and ample size to share. Large plates were the best with the brick chicken, veal cheeks and hanger steak all tasty and ample too to share.

The secret will be out on this non-fish town like establishment. You will love it!
We had a fantastic brunch here today. 

Pros: Decor is beautiful - elegant but cozy. Variety of food for a brunch was great, with pizza, pasta, sweet, and egg options. Lots of draft beer and cocktails. 

Cons: When we walked in, half the restaurant was empty. The friendly hostess told us there was no table available due to reservations. After 10 minutes and deciding to sit at the bar, a reservation had canceled and we got a table. However, we sat in the empty back room for the entirety of our meal. Not sure why we couldn't sit when we arrived. Also, price is steep for the area but I suppose you should know that before you go!
APPETIZER:
Crispy Octopus $18
spicy arugula pesto, lemon-white bean puree
*the texture was suuuuper crispy and the puree was a nice creamy addition

PIZZA:
Spicy Jawn $19.
pepperoni, hot coppa, caciocavallo, sharp provolone, long hots, tomato
*meaty and spicy on a very crispy thin crust

PASTAS:
Sheep's Milk Ricotta Gnudi $16
almonds, brussels sprout leaves, brown butter
*OMG so good, gnudi is basically the inside of a ravioli, extremely rich and creamy with a buttery finish, this was my favorite dish of the night

Mafaldine Carbonara $17
crispy pork belly, cured egg yolk, parsley
*my favorite pieces were the crispy pork belly chunks with the amazing thick ribbons of pasta

DESSERT:
Lemon Custard $10
raspberry mousse, lemon-white chocolate crumble
*gorgeous dessert, our server convinced us to order this even though neither of us love lemon but it ate like a trifle with delicious fluffy layers of lemon raspberry mousse and cake, highly recommend!

SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE:
It's a beautiful restaurant with a mix of both modern and traditional decor. Service was phenomenal, timing of the courses was ideal with a small two top table and the recommendations were 100% on point.
I was warned about the entire staff being trained to act in an over-the-top self-satisfied manner but was unprepared for the level of hilarity I was going to experience.  

I ordered a dirty martini with blue cheese olives and the waiter told me their "olives are too expensive to ruin with blue cheese" and they would not make it as a "typical" martini but with 1 part vermouth and 2 parts booze.  

First of all, two members of my party are chefs who laughed at the notion that Castelvetrano olives are "too expensive" as you can literally buy 2 pounds of them for 10 dollars at Walmart.  Then two members of staff on separate occasions proceeded to go on a ridiculous tirade about how Stephen Starr "ruined the martini" and brainwashed everyone in Philadelphia into thinking martinis are made with a splash of vermouth clearly as if they were trained to say this. Having just moved to Philly and never hearing of Stephen Starr before I was baffled by the entire interaction, which could have been avoided had they just made what the customer ordered!  I changed my order to a vodka and soda.

With this weird "drank the kool aid" attitude of the staff we expected the food to be out of this world. Ordered the dates and tartare small plates, some pasta dishes and pizzas. The food was just pretty good but certainly nothing to write home about. The pasta dishes, although fresh and good, were itty bitty and should be classified as small plates so if you order that get an appetizer or you'll leave hungry. The tartare had clean flavors which were brought together by the grilled lettuce. The dates were flat - the purpose of stuffing dates is to get a contrast of flavors (spicy/sweet, savory/sweet, etc) but there was none of that - it was just one big mash up of undistinguishable flavors. Pizzas were good - doughs were flavorful and cooked well.

However, the presentation of our dishes was just awful (see pics).  The eggplant came in a cheap cast iron skillet and the dates were shoved to the side on a plate that was way too big for it in an unappetizing manner. 

The waiter also didn't bring out the bread until we asked for it after receiving our drinks and he waited to bring napkins and serving spoons until we were halfway through our food.

TLDR; Food is just OK, service was reminiscent of the South Park episode where everyone was smug-farting into a wine glass and ravishing the smell of it. Try it once but don't expect anything earth shattering. Skip the martini.
We had reservations at 5:00, we entered at 4:46 and we were told that, "we aren't ready yet." We ask if we could sit in the vestibule till 5:00, they said no. So we waited in the car till 5:00, while we were aproached by 2 shufflers asking for money. Not a great start. The atmosphere is Urban trendy with hip hop playing in the background, but the food is petite and dandy except for the steak. Weird combo. Also extremely hot, no AC or its broken.

* Homemade sourdough bread to start was so good, but you only get two pieces.

* We started with a mix drink, the Sterling's Redemption, very good.  $12.00 a piece.

* Started with a pizza to split, we had the speck and egg pizza. It was amazing. I believe all of the pizzas would be that good and perfect size. The best deal of the night for the price. $16.00

* Next we had a pasta course to split. Crab ravioli. It was super salty and small. Six tiny ravioli was about 1/8 tsp of crabmeat. You could easily fit all six on one fork. $17.00

* Main courses: Porterhouse for two, in my case for one. It's really not that big, it's a cowboy cut. It's was amazing, great crust and cooked medium rare. Price out of control, $56.00 for a steak. Really!!
My fiancé got the Black Bass, super small again, not even a full fillet, very salty as well, $28.00

Over All: It's a solid 3 stars. Parking lot perfect. Atmosphere a little strange, I like Biggie, but not when I am eating dinner. Attitude of staff was pretty chill, but the hostess was snobby. Portion size, way to small. Price is way to expensive. $169.00 with out tip!!! These prices Capital Grill or Ruth Chris is way better for and cheaper. You will leave hungry, if you don't order the $56.00 steak, and broke.
I am so sad that I have to write this because I was so very much looking forward to our dinner here last night. The good: The ambience is exceptional. The hostess could not have been nicer, even when our table was not ready when we arrived at our reservation time. Also, the bathroom and its amenities, including delicious smelling soap. The food was also wonderful, once we received it. The bad: The service was really, really bad. My husband and I were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room, so it wasn't as if you could have missed us. There was also a very large table of 8 adjacent to us that was getting exceptional service (tons of servers visiting them, shaving truffles on their food as the table erupted in cheers) from a lot of the staff, including the server who we later learned was ours. Once seated, my husband ordered a beer and I ordered a cocktail. His beer arrived. I waited for my cocktail....and waited.....and waited. I flagged down a server, asking her to find our server and please check on my drink. She obliged very nicely and then also came back to explain the menu to us. I was confused then - was she our server? The server who took our drink order came back about 10 minutes later to take our food order, requesting we place it all at once. No problem. Our apps came out, then a pizza. Then another app. At this point, we realized we may have over-ordered. We mentioned that we ordered too much food and server says: "Yeah, I noticed," and agreed to cancel a pasta. We didn't see the rest of the food for another 30 minutes, after sitting down initially around 8, it was close to 10. They cleared our drinks (not asking if we wanted another) before we got our final pizzas. The whole thing was really off. The food we did eat was wonderful, tuna crudo, Brussels sprouts and special ham pizza among the highlights, but the service was poor. Compared to the service attending the large table of 8 to our right, it was very strange. They must've been either celebrities or doing a chef's tasting. I'm surprised this was ranked one of the best restaurants in the nation and in Philly because the service does not match the food. I hope it improves.
If you haven't tried Mulherin's in Fishtown...you're truly missing out. We snagged a reservation weeks out and we were looking forward to this since we hit reserve on Resy. Also, this was our first time eating outside since Covid began. Start to finish, our experience was DOPE. Matt, the general manager, is the BEST. So kind and made sure he stopped by our table to say hello and asked how things were. 

What we snagged:
-Octopus (THIS IS THE BEST DISH) 
-Roasted Cauliflower
-Fennel Sausage Pasta 
-Carbonara 
-Spicy Jawn (Spicy and delicious) 
-Another pizza I cannot recall the name! 

All of the dishes were shared and were amazing. The drinks were perfect too. Can't say enough about this joint and the outstanding experience we had. Will be back once we can snag a reservation!
We've been trying to get a table here forever, which is surprising with the type of food we had. We were seated right away because somehow my husband managed to get a reservation... Thank god! 
The food was subpar at best. We had a cauliflower starter, which was basically half a cauliflower head on a grill (Mostly tasted like steamed cauliflower). We also had the mushroom appetizer - excellent presentation but the taste just wasn't there. The double margarita pizza was just okay (great crust, fresh ingredients, but was just bland). The best dish was the raviolo, which was literally just one big ravioli. The food service was incredibly slow, we waited at least 10 to 15 minutes between every plate. 
Overall, one star for our amazing server. One star for a great atmosphere. And another for a great drink selection. But unfortunately this place definitely did not live up to the hype.
Believe it or not, I rarely give out 5 stars and if I could award Michelin Stars then this restaurant would be one of the few in Philadelphia that deserves it. I have been here 6 times since it has opened and I have no shame. Every single dish that comes out is perfectly executed, the plating is simple and elegant.
Below is a list of the best dishes I have gotten and don't ask me why, just try it! 
Stuffed Dates
Pork Ribs
Octopus (My absolute favorite, the crunch and flavor is out of this world)
Speck and Egg Pizza
Messinesi Pasta (You can't get enough of this, so good)
Hanger Steak
Margherita Pizza 

It's hard to try other dishes because once taste a taste you want to keep getting it but I am trying and will keep trying to try all the menu items.
It feels like Wm Mulherin's Sons has been around for longer than it has, but apparently it's only been a couple of years. In any case, it's shown up on a number of "best" lists, and I prevailed on my parents to check it out with me on this visit back to Philly. So off we went. It's a little out of the way (toward the northern border of Fishtown) if you're coming in from the 'burbs, but it actually has its own parking lot (despite what you may be told, you can enter from Front Street), which is super convenient. In we went, and we were immediately greeted and shown to our table. There's a busy bar area (with tables) up front, and then a dining room that's still energetic but not quite as frenetic as the bar. We were given a table in the dining room in a perfect spot for my mom to be able to get in and out, and right by a glazed window through which you could see the blurred streaks of the Market-Frankford line (I assume) passing by. The room itself is lovely and comfortable, with a rustic but elegant vibe to it.

Our server was excellent, taking the time to explain the menu setup to us, and then, together with the rest of their service team, taking good care of us throughout. In fact, they so effortlessly would sneak serving utensils to the table that it started to feel like a magic trick--I began looking out to figure out when they were doing it. But of course, the food's the thing...and an excellent thing it is here.

We started with a beet salad, which came with apple, orange and hazelnut--fantastic--and octopus with cannellini beans--again, delicious and incredibly tender.  I'd been dying to share a pizza (I have to watch my carbs, so having one myself is a bit much), and we selected the lamb and artichoke pizza, which included lamb merguez sausage, artichoke, tomato, mozzarella and the perfect hint of mint (it's 6 slices, perfect to divide among 3 people). Comfort food in the best possible way. Next up was the tortelloni with rabbit, mortadella and pistachio. If you're expecting a heaping serving of pasta, this isn't it--it's still in the small plates realm--but the flavor and texture were on point. We followed up with the veal cheeks with ramps and a pea puree. This was a "large" plate, and a superb one at that. The veal cheeks were super tender, the pea puree was delicious, and I love ramps, that elusive member of the onion family that doesn't show up on plates too often.

At this point, I was still feeling like I wanted a little something more before dessert, so we doubled back for their crudo of the day, which was a tuna tartare and came with avocado and olives and was also excellent. We were now ready for dessert, which included an olive oil cake (with meringue and, if memory serves, orange) and a dark chocolate cake with amaretto ice cream. Both were good--particularly the dark chocolate cake--but I'd love to have seen the olive oil cake be more moist. However, based on the savory dishes, the service and ambiance, even if the desserts weren't blowing me away, this is a five-star experience, and I'd absolutely come back. In fact, I've told a friend about this place already.
Mulherin's is top notch in every aspect. Innovative, delicious, and beautifully plated food, a cool, industrial vibe and a knowledgeable and attentive wait staff.  

We started with the veal tartare and hamachi crudo small plates and both were delicious and something you shouldn't miss.  

We then shared the very good Maccheroni seafood pasta, and then the black bass and hanger steak for our main course. The bass was the best fish that we've had at a restaurant in years. 

We then shared the delicious flourless chocolate cake for dessert. 

This was a five star dining experience from start to finish and we can't wait to return. 

With 2 cocktails and one beer, the bill came to around $170 before tip. Not inexpensive but well worth it.
We grabbed 2 seats at the beautiful, crowded bar on a recent Friday night. Normally, we would have planned ahead with reservations, but we were in the neighborhood and decided to stop in and check it out.

The bar & staff behind the bar were friendly and seemed to be having genuinely a good time - which was infectious and set the tone for our visit. 

We started with the Roasted Cauliflower, which was crispy and delicious. We then shared one of the small plate specials - a scallop crudo, that was bright, tender, and rich.

For our "main" we shared the incredible Lamb & Artichoke pizza. As you would expect, the crust was stunning, and the toppings were just as tasty. The brightness of the lemon was surprising, but ultimately a welcome addition to the lamb sausage and artichokes.

Great service, beautiful interior - dark, sexy, and a fun place to grab some delicious food.
So I'm not sure if this shows, but my first review was posted prematurely as it was just notes. This is supposed to be the proper, fully formed sentences review.

Right off the bat we noticed that the service was better than the price point demanded. Not just our server, but the entire staff. This was made doubly evident by the way they have handled the covid-mandated social distancing. They really did a spectacular job of being considerate. I would even say they brought a new level of professionalism to it. If you were ever going to risk outdoor dining during this time, this is the restaurant to do it at. So many little touches that I would never have even thought of were changed to their process to make it feel safe and comfortable.

Cocktails were ordered first: a Sister Francis and a Just Drink It. The former was nice but nothing remarkable. The latter was excellent and recommended. The price point on both were fair.

First course was the crispy octopus. I've never had octopus breaded this way, and the pesto plus white bean puree really brought it together. Make sure you get some arugula on your bites as it perfectly accents.

Second course was pasta. Cavatelli and Maloreddus. This is where the night really took off. The Maloreddus was simply fantastic, a traditional tasting dish kicked up by the saffron and fennel. Really I will get this every time I come here from now on. The cavatelli was in some ways the best dish of the night. It was so unique, so well made, so unlike any other pasta dish I've ever had. A lovely combination of unami, savory, an earthy flavors. Even visually the dish was uniquely appealing, as the pasta was a dark, nearly squid ink black color. Portion sizes were enough that they could be your entree, but they were just a smidge less than normal pasta portions at a more traditional Italian place. In other words, you can (and should) get them as well as an entree.

Our main course was the pork chop and the half brick chicken. Both were fantastic. I felt that the descriptions of both dishes did not do them justice. They were both superb.
I want to start off this review by saying I think we may have had somewhat of an "off" experience at Wm Mulherin's Sons. We arrived a few minutes after 8:00pm for our 8:00pm reservation and were told we would be seated shortly, they were just waiting for our table to finish up. So after about 15 minutes of waiting and seeing other people being seated, I inquired again. They told us that they were still waiting for the table to finish up. So after waiting at least 20 minutes (or more) they seated us at probably one of the worst tables in the restaurant. After waiting so long and seeing that the rest of the tables were taken, I did not ask to be moved. 

Someone greeted us immediately and filled our water glasses. Shortly after, our waiter came and we ordered wine. Our waiter was friendly and the wine we ordered was very good. For our meal, we ordered the hamachi crudo, the Leslie Chow pizza and the casareccia pasta. The hamachi was super fresh and very good. The pizza was absolutely delicious. I am not sure how the casareccia pasta was because they brought us the wrong order - the duck agnolotti. We informed the waiter, but said we would keep it because it was also really delicious. The waiter apologized and said it was probably his fault. I was hoping for possibly offering to take it off the bill or to bring the other pasta but it was fine. We did enjoy the agnolotti and I would recommend it. 

Despite being very friendly our waiter did not visit us much during the meal. At one point during the beginning, he asked if I wanted a second glass of wine. I declined because I still had some left. By the time we were ready to order a second glass, I had to flag him down. By the time we actually received the wine we were already finished eating. Though, I did appreciate that he gave both my boyfriend and I a taste before pouring our glasses (versus just giving it to him).

Overall the food was amazing but the service during our experience was mediocre at best.
This spot is one of our favorites we've discovered in the last year. We came to celebrate an anniversary and were a little surprised by how large, dark, and noisy the restaurant was, but totally embraced the vibe. Everything we had was fantastic, across a broad variety of food: from the Crudo to the Half Brick Chicken (which I had incorrectly discounted as boring - in fact, delicious!) to the sumptuous Cappelletti pasta to the Double Margherita pizza.

But wait...there's more! If you want to really make a night of it, rent out 1 of the 4 hotel rooms also under the Wm Mulherin name and immediately adjoining the restaurant. Get some takeout and don't let the party stop.
One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Must try if you're a Philadelphian. Please note though that the portions are a bit smaller than you'd probably anticipate.

I actually prefer to come here when it's cold outside because the inside is such a cozy warming vibe. The fireplace, the darkness and the friendliness of the servers are all what I need in the cold winter times. 

I think their best dish here is the porterhouse steak for 2 here. It's perfectly cooked and super flavorful. I have come here and 1 person has finished this on their own so if you're really hungry you might not want to share.

The Spicy Jawn pizza is a crowd pleaser but I personally love the Speck just as much .The pizza here reminds me of the pizza Pizzeria Vetri and Spuntinos, perfectly baked with the perfect ratios of ingredients.

The ribs are okay, depends how you like your wings. It's almost like they're boiled.. very tender but no real sticky glaze on them like they were broiled/grilled. 

The squid ink pizza is full of flavor but definitely not a big portion as you'd like compared other italian restaurants. The duck breast is also very good and flavorful but not a big fan of the bitter endives on the plate.
it has been over 2 years since my last visit.. i've been hearing some bad press about the management here so i wasn't sure what to think of it, but since i was in the area, i decided to stop by to take a peek! oh boy, was it bustling inside on a rainy sat night!  with no ressie, me and my partner in crime were able to maneuver across to the bar and snagged 2 stools at the corner of the bar! great spot without people walking behind us!

so we were initially only interested in drinks since we ate some beforehand buuuuut after a gander at the menu, we couldn't help ourselves but ordered an app!  we got the veal tartare to go with our cocktails... woooonderful tartare!! got me all giddy with the lovely blueberry bourbon drink haha! i'm an avid fan of anything covered in caesar dressing so this was no exception! portion was small for the price.. but it was sooo scrumptious! 

we moved onto another drink (btw loved the "honey don't") and was so blown away with the tartare, we continued to fall into temptation and ordered the speck and egg pizza!  i was so glad that we did! it was super tasty! something about the carb-on-carb combo just sparks magic on the palate! speck was delicious, egg was delicious, the whole pie was just on fire! (figuratively)  for sure, one of my favorite and i would definitely order again!

so yea great time at mulherin and for sure thinking about returning in the near future!
One of the best places for dinner in Fishtown, Wm Mulherin's Sons' classic restaurant format is a nice reprieve from the hipster vibe of the neighborhood. I'd recommend a reservation, but if you can get a spot at the bar, you'll get to interact with the fantastic, professional, well-trained bartenders who know what they're doing. The cocktails are excellent (not one but two sherry-based cocktails? Nice.), as is the wine list.

The level of service can't be beat. When a friend and I found ourselves missing a stool (he needed to sit because of an injury, I'm just... lazy), we'd noticed that they seemed to have a strict "No holding seats for other people policy," which led to some confusion. We noted it to the bartenders who got out from behind the bar and took care of us so we could sit. Not the biggest deal, but a small thing they took great effort to resolve.

Foodwise, the pizzas were astonishingly good, done with a light airy crust. I had the egg and speck pizza which I took a photo of and visit from time to time because I miss it so much. We also got some of the ravioli, because the chef is apparently well known for his pastas. Overall, a great place I'll definitely return to in the future.
Vibes: sophisticated and bougie yet chill, good for groups with the long tables but better for date nights, candle-lit 

Tasting notes:
-Double margherita: tomato base was the star here, with milky creaminess coming from the splotches of burrata; the mozzarella played a more subtle supporting role, adding some chewiness 
-Leslie Chow: a loaded pie that overwhelms the senses with the distinct, almost truffle-y smell of taleggio, caramel-y sweetness from the onions and maybe the saba, and umami meatiness from the thick-cut mushrooms 

Other thoughts:
-I like that they take your order all at once so that they can bring out the plates fresh as you go through the meal
-Loved being able to see the pizza oven and the wood occasionally being turned among the embers
-Service is friendly and attentive from water refills to table sweeping 

Will be back for: other pizzas, the pastas, cocktails, dessert (if I remember to make room)
-{My wife and I are in our late Forties, well travelled and well educated. Also we both spent about a decade each in the  restaurant business. We both love great food and appreciate good service. We live in Fishtown, Philadelphia}-

We were here with our two nephews August 10th 2016. A booking for 4@7pm. It was the boys' last night and they told us to book somewhere nice and they would treat us:)

My wife and I have been here before maybe half a dozen times, had dinner 3 times and the other times in for cocktails with friends. I have posted a short review for one of the times my wife and I were here for dinner, which we both enjoyed,  couple of weeks prior.  

We arrived around 7pm and were seated. Maybe about 15 mins later our server ( cant recall her name ) came over to take our drinks order--off to a slow start--
The drinks easily took another 15mins to get to our table. 
 
We ordered our food starters and mains. One of the boys ordered a pizza on my recommendation because I had one the previous time we were there and it was v good. Our server told us that because the pizza comes from a different kitchen it might not arrive at the same time as the other food--fine because the week before we were told the same and both meals were served within a min of each other. 

--Before I go any further, when did it become ok for restaurants to tell the customers when they may eat their food!! When I am dining out with my wife or with friends no matter how big the party all guests should get their food at the same time or within a min so!--

So, anyway, our starters came up, we ordered more cocktails. The starters were good and we all enjoyed them. Again the drinks easily took 15 min!

We got our drinks and the starter plates were taken away fresh cutlery put down. 

--While we were experiencing this slow service a party of two were seated next to us and right from the get go it was clear they were VIPs, friends of friends or some such.  They barely sat down and staff were over shaking their hands and then cocktails were sent over from the barman and there food arrived promptly. Don't get me wrong I love the VIP treatment where I can get it but not at the expense of other paying guests--

My nephews pizza arrived, looked well good, but he said he would wait until the rest of the food arrived before starting. After 10 mins of waiting he dived in before it got cold. Meanwhile I can see our server floating around not paying us any attention at all. 
A full 19 mins passed and then my wifes pasta was brought to table by someone different again! We asked about the remaining two pastas and were told he would check. 2 mins after that my other nephews pasta arrived! Still no sign of mine!  As I sat there I saw a server walking around with a pasta, which turned out to be mine which I received 3 mins after the last pasta!

By this time my blood was boiling, even more so after watching the VIPs getting the superstar treatment. We just wanted our food and drink in a reasonable time. 

The pastas and pizza all tasted great, albeit we ate at different times. 

Our server never came to check on our food at all. She eventually came back to clear plates at which I started to give her a piece of my mind. Then the manager Mike showed up to take care of the problem(s) 
I explained to Mike what had gone on and he said he would take care of it. 
He sent over a digestif  for each of us and then some deserts arrived for sharing. All very nice. He came back over to tell us he was taking the cost of the four entrees off of our check (Nephews of course loved this because they were paying )

While getting money off is always good, we didn't come out to save money, we came to spend. If bar service had been good we would easily have had two more cocktails each plus some shared deserts, which is why we were there and why the restaurant is in business, to make money not give it away. 

I always say you can't judge a restaurant based upon one visit, but this was not our first and the other times we have been  there the place has been packed, this night was maybe 2/3 full. 

So to conclude, if anyone is still reading, while Mulherins is the new kid on the block in Fishtown and the place is usually busy, the cocktails and food is good, people remember bad experiences and talk about them more than good ones. 

Even after this bad experience I think we will be back for one last chance. As I said cocktails, food are very good and the mixologists are cool to watch and the restaurant is very cool inside. 
Mike certainly took care of us afterwards, but honestly, I (we) would rather have good service throughout the meal.
The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous.  The service is great.  But the brunch food is just ok :(

We tried the chocolate croissant, which had good flavor (high quality chocolate!) but was a bit stale.

The frittata was pretty flat and one-note.  It was considerably better with ketchup, but a bit disappointing.

The brunch tagliatelle was limp and had no chew.  The pancetta flavor was strong, but, again, it was flat and one-note.

We want to come back to try it for dinner.  The space is too gorgeous and the menu too enticing to not try again.

If the food disappoints again, I think I might have to conclude that this place is for people who care more about instagramming their food and ambiance than about eating good food.
Oh man.  I wanted to love this place.  Everyone I talked to about this place, loved this place.  I've heard so many rave reviews that I dragged by parents into the city from the burbs for my birthday dinner here.  Unfortunately, with one exception, my dinner here was a big disappointment.  

My evening started off with the server dumping an entire glass of ice water on the table in front of me, which waterfalled directly into my lap, so I had to spend my entire meal feeling like I peed my pants (shoutout to three-year-old Kelly!).  With a brief apology from the server, this was never mentioned again.

We started with the cheese plate, which was fine.  Five cheeses and three accouterments (honeycomb, fig, candied walnuts) with bread.  For dinner, I split the mushroom pasta (porcini cavatelli) and the double margherita.  

The pizza was awesome.  The crust was crispy with little burn spots adding extra flavor.  It had a good balance of ingredients with just the right amount of basil.  

The cavatelli tasted fine and the pasta itself was cooked well and had a good texture (three stars), but the dish was gritty and the mushrooms probably could have used a better scrub.

I ordered a coffee cocktail for dessert, which came out about five minutes behind everyone else's drink.  It turned out to be a cold martini instead of a hot coffee cocktail, it tasted good, the coffee flavor was great.

I would probably give it another chance, though probably only for the pizza, but eating an entire meal out at a restaurant covered in ice water will literally douse ice water on an experience, and I was disappointed.
Friends who live in the neighborhood made a reservation for us. With a week notice, they could only get a 10:30 pm slot on a Saturday. We figured if they were willing to wait until 10:30 to eat, it must be worth it.

Oh, man...it was SO worth the wait. We let friends choose the menu, as they were excited to have more guests to share the HUGE porterhouse. I am not a big steak eater, but I was willing to follow their suggestions.

We started with two vegetable dishes--a roasted cauliflower dish and Brussels sprouts. I'm a vegetable lover, and these were delicious. No need to cover the sprouts in bacon, as these were delicious with brown butter and pine nuts. There was also some fresh bread at the table that was excellent.

I skipped the pizza that the others shared. The Spicy Jawn had a lot of pepperoni, hot coppa, and other things I don't enjoy. They loved it. 

Then, the 24-oz, dry-aged porterhouse steak arrived. I didn't bother with the sauce (pesto?) on the side. This meat was incredibly tender and flavorful and delicious even when cooked medium rare. How do they do it? I was amazed. Four of us made short work of it and enjoyed every last morsel.

The potato, goat cheese, and eggplant gratin that came with it was also delicious. I will be dreaming of it and desperately attempting to re-create it at home.

Interesting to note: despite the fact that it is not a cheap meal, we enjoyed appetizers, pizza, and incredible steak plus cocktails and desserts for $65pp. For the quality of food, that was pretty impressive. And if quantity is important to you, I can say that we all walked away quite full.

Easily one of the best meals I've had in years.
service is good! everyone is friendly!  Food?... ok. way over priced, small portions especially since they encourage sharing,,    THEY HAVE A WAITING LIST FOR BAR STOOLS!!!!! DON'T get there earlier then your dinner reservations, and think you can easily get a drink.  not happening ,not allowed  ridiculous!! If and I mean IF we go back.  drink first at The EL across Street.           bottom line way overrated!
Everyone who's lived in Philly long enough knows that the city is a big foodie town, and there are very few things that would get us more excited than finding out that a new non-chain establishment had popped up in a non-Center City location, and has already been earning rave reviews since day one.

Well, I'm sorry to let everyone down, it didn't live up to its reputation.......WHO AM I KIDDING? It was as fabulous as I hoped it would be.

Came here last night with our party of 4 and was quickly seated. Make sure you make a resie! The place is quite spacious but judging by how crowded it was on a Tuesday night I can't imagine showing up here without a reservation on a Fri/Sat night.

What we ordered:
Pizzas- We got the Leslie Chow and Speck & Eggs. If you're into fluffy/chewy crust you would love the Neapolitan-styled pizzas here. I personally preferred the Leslie Chow just because I've never had pizza w/ so much radicchio on it and it was surprisingly good, its mild bitterness blended seamlessly with the mushrooms and the cheese...talk about umami!

Pasta- we ordered 3, the cappelletti, ravioli, and the cavatelli (see my pics for the ingredient details). All had the al dente bite I want in all my pasta and often don't get. The last time I had pasta this good in Philly was at Il Pittore (too bad it closed but apparently the main chef here used to cook there!) My personal fav was the crab ravioli because it had stronger flavors than the other two. You can't go wrong w/ any of the pasta dishes here though. Also the portions of these run on the smaller side, def not intended to be entree dishes.

Other entrees- we got the veal cheek from the Plates section and the hanger steak from the Grill section. No complaints with either, but I thought the veal cheek was a more interesting dish with the Roman gnocchi (unlike potato gnocchi this is made from semolina flour and has a texture similar to polenta but more firm, at least to me) which I never had before. The steak was fantastic as well, it's just personal preference that I don't gravitate towards steak dishes as much as I do w/ more rare proteins.

Service was attentive but not overbearing. Pricing is on the pricier side for Philly but we also ordered a lot food, so I thought it was still reasonable. I'm already looking forward to coming back here and trying out other items on the menu!
This is a great spot for date night with its dark woods and mood lighting. There was also quite the eclectic crowd out the night we went- older folks on a double date and boisterously reuniting, family dinner, other couples out for the evening, etc- I say this to make the point that I feel this place has something for everyone. Our overall impression? That everything was trying a bit too hard- the most simple thing we ordered, the pizza, was the hands-down winner, and I think if we were to return, it'd be just for that. 

Apps: 
-Roasted cauliflower: Well seasoned, well roasted, balanced by the olive puree and raisins 
-Octopus: Smokier than I was expecting but not an unpleasant surprise 

Mains: 
-Margherita pizza: This was the highlight of the meal for me- thin crust, wood fired, sauce was just perfect 
-Bigoli: Way too salty, and while I love octopus, these baby octopus were off-puttingly tender for me 
-Striped Bass: Not especially memorable 

Service was great, and again the atmosphere makes this a worthwhile stop, but I would stick to the simpler items on the menu.
People seem to love this place- my fam included. IDK, it was good, no major mishaps, but can't say it blew me away. Service was fantastic- from the Superman look-alike who brought us drinks while we waited, to the sweet server who kept water filled and cleared plates efficiently without making us feel rushed. The menu was full of tasty options perfect for sharing (my fave way to dine), just can't say anything blew me away.

BEV
*We arrived early to have a pre-dinner drink, but space is limited so we ended up standing. I didn't love the ones B or mom ordered, so went with an off-script negroni. The bartender recommended a fab new gin, Letherbee, out of Chicago. Would def seek it out again.
*The som was super knowledgeable, describing 3-4 bottles of wines based on our taste/price range. We all loved the one he suggested.

SMALL PLATES
*Stuffed squash blossom- special- stuffed with cheese and fried. Pretty good, though admittedly I'm not a fried squash blossom fan in general.
*Roasted cauliflower- generous portion and very tasty. The slightly salty olive and almond puree was a nice contrast for the sweet raisins
*Tomato salad- pretty basic, what you'd expect
*Eggplant- cast iron skilled filled with chunks of eggplant in a tomato sauce topped with gooey cheese. IDK, it was all things I loved and served nice and hot, but didn't blow me away. Wish it had a bit more spice to the sauce.

PIZZA
*Leslie Chow- really rich with mushrooms, plenty of taleggio cheese, and shredded radicchio that didn't really have much flavor (wish it would've been grilled up). Needed a bit of salt for me, but not bad.
*Speck and Egg- topped w/ sliced potato, gooey egg, crumbles of speck, and carmelized onion that added a nice sweetness. Fine, but needed a bit of salt and crushed red. 

PASTA
*Corzetti- new noodle for me- these small round, flat disks were topped with shredded goat meat. Didn't love this and didn't notice any mint
*Bigoli- thick, round, al dente squid ink noodles with a bit of baby octopus and some tomatoes. OK, but didn't love. 
*Cappelletti- this was my fave of the night- tiny noodle bundles with just a bit of ricotta filling served in a light sauce with garlic scapes
*Porcini cavatelli- pretty little noodles with mushrooms and rich cheese sauce. Reminded me a lot of the mushroom pizza in flavor

GRILL
*Hanger steak- I didn't try the steak, but the slices of potato were good. I stole some of the black olive tapenade that came with it to add to the pizza.

Overall, food was ok, but not a place I'd come back to anytime soon. Glad I was with a group since I was able to try a bite of a lot of things. And for me, that was enough. Not many dishes that I wanted more of.
I came here for brunch on a Saturday with high expectations given the stellar reviews, and I wasn't disappointed. The restaurant has multiple sections/rooms that are all unified by a most classy type of vintage decor, giving off a comfortable yet fancy and elegant ambiance. The service was also friendly yet professional (with a coat check which is always a huge plus), and the food was great too.

I had their famous Speck & Egg pizza, which was delicious (even though a bit salty to my taste tbh). It was pretty neat how when the waitress brought the pizza out, she offered to pop the egg yolk for us and proceeded to spread the yolk around the pizza. We also had a donut sandwich to go with the pizza, which was scrumptious and very filling. 

It's one of those places that you can go for a variety of purposes, whether you just want to enjoy a nicer brunch or celebrate a fancy occasion. Just be sure to make a reservation ahead of time!
As a former owner of a European style restaurant, I can say this might be the best pizza I have ever had. 

The dough was cooked perfectly in their brick oven, I actually thought it tasted like a perfectly toasted marshmallow if that makes sense. 

I had the meat pizza, a nice spice and went perfectly with the blood martini. 

The service was more than delightful. The staff took their turns in swarming us to make sure we were happy.  They sat my girlfriend and I in front of the amazing fireplace and we were lost in euphoria for an hour. 

Perfect pizza, perfect drinks, perfect atmosphere as perfect evening...will I be back?  Try to stop me!
Finally made it to Wm Mulherin's Sons, and instantly wanted everything on the menu. There's a great selection of small plates, pizzas, and pastas. We selected a meat, a pasta, and a pizza.  They were all delicious, but the favorite for me was the pizza.  It was the best I'd had in a long while, and definitely among the best in Philly. 

The interior here is cozy, with lots of little rooms. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Only complaint was a beer we ordered on tap came out pretty warm - perhaps it wasn't a popular choice and had been sitting in the line for a while. 

Overall, loved our first trip to Wm Mulherin's, and can't wait to come back!
This place is amazing. Food on fleek. Literally just went to get a tattoo of the spicy jawn on my upper thigh.
First of all anyone who reviews this negatively is not to be listened to, period. This place is amazing on every level. It's everything you wish every restaurant was in one place. The ambiance, the SERVICE, the drinks, (just sitting at the bar and watching how the drinks are made is amazing) the food is insanely good. They just have so much attention to detail from top to bottom. Beautiful decor, old school hip hop playing, setting a great upbeat vibe for all ages, the lighting, the fireplace, even the bathroom is amazing haha! We've eaten at a ton of places downtown, nothing comes even close. Also- don't write a review crying over how it "took long to wait for a table or a bar seat" don't be an idiot! This place is a work of art. Anything good is worth waiting for- Make a reservation in advance! It's not rocket science. Love sitting at the bar, bartenders are great, have awesome personalities and are true masters of their craft. The teamwork is evident in the staff, service at tables is incredible, they don't miss a beat. I think any diner wants consistency in a dining experience, and after 5 weeks in a row (we had to keep going back every week bc we are hooked) it was the same experience each time we went- warm, welcoming, relaxing, the bartenders and servers make you excited about the food, and food like this is exciting! I saw a few reviews with complaints of the "servers making you order more food" Again- Don't be an idiot! These servers are top notch professionals and they encourage you to try multiple items bc the food shareable and ITS DELICIOUS. If you get a pizza it will likely fill you up, though they are seriously good, they encourage you to get small plates and apps so you can try the menu...and enjoy your experience...because it's a restaurant, and they want you to try their food! Make a reservation and go! Great date place, special occasion or just a cocktail at the bar. You won't regret it!  (Unless you are an idiot as referred to in 2 prior situations listed above)
I don't see how people cannot love this place. It's fantastic and probably one of the best restaurants in the city. Extremely underrated! Everything from the atmosphere, service and food are perfect. We had 5:30 reservations but didn't arrive until 6:15 due to traffic. The staff were friendly enough to hold our table.

Upon arrival we were sat immediately by the window in the bar area. The place is dimly lit and has a romantic vibe. It was perfect considering it was date night for my wife and I. We started with the seafood mixto. We didn't expect much but it was delicious! The octopus was by far our favorite. The rock shrimp was also a nice touch. It was a perfect light starter. The acidity was great with just a touch of spice. For entrees my wife went with the scallops and I opted for the pork cheeks. I'm not exaggerating when I say these were the best cooked scallops we've ever had. They were that good! Cooked to perfection! The butternut squash was fantastic and whipped into something so light and airy. The mushrooms were equally as good. The vinaigrette cut through the richness and it was simply perfect! The plate while beautiful was a bit odd, it was a massive sized plate but with just the right amount of food. Now, my pork cheeks were equally as good. They were melt in your mouth and the word tender doesn't justify. The sauce was perfect and the cabbage was delicious. The cohesion of the dish is something I couldn't even imagine. The love city drafts and the montepulciano were amazing and priced fairly. As for pricing I think everything was fair, especially for the quality of food here. 

I can't believe it took us so long to get to WMS. We will surely be back for brunch and to try the pizzas. The staff and service were excellent! Solid 5 stars!
Came during pandemic times for outdoor dining in the fall. They have a nice setup with a wooden outdoor tent that blocks out some of the wind.

We shared a few apps and pizzas, and their pizza is one of my FAVORITES. If you like neopolitan style like I do, then their chewy, bubbly crust is perfect. The toppings are also wonderful - the Leslie chow and frank white are my favorites, the spicy jawn is a little too pepperoni/meat heavy for my liking. But honestly you can't go wrong.

I hadn't thought much about WM before, but after returning to it, I realize how much of a gem it is. I'll definitely be back.
Amazing good, great ambiance and delicious food.

Romantic / dark setting. Definitely one where some are using their phones for light. I loved the seating. It was a warm and cozy place. 

Unfortunately, we got a 5pm reservation which wasn't that great but because this restaurant is always busy, we had good, attentive service. 

Had a cocktail with hibiscus infused vodka, I forget the name but it was delicious with great flavor. Downside was that is was a TINY drink.

The food was amazing. I was hesitant to get the speck and egg because I wanted more food but ended up getting it and I don't regret it. This pizza was DELICIOUS and so much flavor. Almost tasted like a baked potato soup on a pizza. I also tasted the Spicy Jawn, good flavor but kind of simple. Lastly, I got the messinesi. Delicious pasta, homemade and full of flavor. Be sure to rub the pasta in the cream spread out on the plate. 

All in all, I recommend going! Great for a girls night or date and plenty of bars to go to afterwards if desired.
Came here for an anniversary date and was pleased with the service and seating despite COVID-19 restrictions. The amount of food is good - the pizza is fabulous. I usually don't order dessert, but I strongly recommend ordering dessert here.
If you want to be treated like the King or Queen of Fishtown, then Wm Mulherin's Sons is the place for you. 

My 5 star review is fueled by the incredible service that we received - attentive (but not overly attentive) servers who took care of our every need, a water glass that never went empty, never having to wait to long if we needed to ask for something, small plates and silverware that were refreshed after every few dishes with an acute eye for detail (making sure the knife and fork were just so), napkins that got folded while on a trip to the restroom, a Maître D' who went out of his way to check on us when our entree had take a while to come out and offer us dessert - on the house. We were floored by how well we were taken care of. 

And of course, I would be remiss not to mention the food, because that is the other main driver behind these 5 stars. Stuffed dates wrapped in speck. Brussels sprouts with shaved cheese and breadcrumbs. Hamachi crudo with grapefruit, pink peppercorn, pistachio and basil (heavenly.) A bowl of gnocchi with mushrooms and cream sauce to be savored. A pizza with (yes more) speck, an egg and potato. The most incredible pork steak special roasted to a crisp served with a chick pea sauce with ricotta. And then...the desserts. Olive oil cake with lemon curd and sorbet, a coffee flavored pot de creme with caramel and this pear crostada with anise ice cream that proved me wrong (I thought I would hate it - I loved it.) 

Wm Mulherin's Sons provides an overwhelmingly positive dining experience with their care, attention and quality people, food and atmosphere. We will - I hope, I hope - be back soon.
Came with a friend for brunch. We got parking as soon as we drove up. Very lucky. After we got to the hostess station, they were able to accommodate us for two people. That was beyond lucky.

I ordered the Grits or polenta dish. This was a spicy tomato sauce Grits with an egg on top. The description was way more appealing. Hold that thought. As the dish arrived, it was hot from the oven. Slightly spicy, tangy and ascetic in flavor. Mushroom and a poached egg.

Did I like my dish? It was just ok. Tomato sauce over Grits was not my for Tay. I had high hopes for this dish to be excellent.

Service was good. My friends over was steak. It was actually good. I liked it. Too bad for my dish.
What a disappointing experience. 
I just came here for dinner  (2/23) to celebrate a very special milestone. While the food was adequate, the service was very poor. 
From the time we were seated until the time we got our food was about 50 minutes, which seems like a very long time, though they were a bit busy this evening. 
The most disappointing part was that the poor service had little to do with the kitchen. We spent 10 minutes waiting to be acknowledged by the waiter, received our pizza well in advance of the appetizers, and spent at least 10 minutes waiting for our check to be picked up from the waiter. 

A member of our party got up to speak to the manager about the bad service. After speaking with the manager, the manager returned to the table to give us back our paid check, yet he  failing to apologize to the rest of the party for the inadequate service. In this instance, a simple "Gentlemen, I'm so sorry for the delay this evening, I hope you'll give us another chance" really would've gone a long way. 

Overall a highly subpar experience. Definately would not recommend.
"F*ck me up, fam" -girl at table next to me, digging into her dessert

And honestly, that's the motto for anything here. I asked my (very nice!) server on what to get, and she threw out a couple things...cue my indecisive panic, and I ordered Brussels sprouts and Spicy Jawn pizza.

The pizza...I'm salivating just thinking about it. Just spicy enough, and they don't skimp on the meat, either. It's not overly greasy and holds its shape pretty well - I was excited to eat the leftovers, if that's a sign.

To balance out my meal, I got the Brussels sprouts, which were incredible. Cooked in a brown butter, served with ricotta salata - I say this every time I order sprouts, but this is BY FAR the best one I've had. The vegetable is seasonal, though, but regardless of the veg, the combination of flavors is just incredible.

All of the pastas sound pretty freaking amazing as well, but I thought pizza and pasta in one night (by myself, no less) would be a little too much. But if you're with company...I'd do it. And I'd come back to do it!
Made a reservation for a small group of girlfriends nearly two full months in advance and became even more excited when Craig LaBan named it his best new restaurant in Philly for 2016 a few weeks later. Sad to write now that it did not live up to my high expectations.

To be sure, the food was excellent.  My friends and I opted to split a few different plates from each section of the menu, which I believe is the best way to proceed with this menu (though, given the relatively small portion sizes, you may need to order quite a bit to ensure you will all be satisfied). We loved every dish we tried: hamachi crudo, octopus, brussel sprouts, pappardelle, lamb & artichoke pizza, duck breast.  For dessert, my friends had the ice cream and pot de creme while I had an espresso-based cocktail that hit the spot.

The problems came with the atmosphere and service.  We may have just gotten unlucky, but we were seated at a table next to a large window coated with a ribbing that made the glare of all passing headlights (lots) about ten times worse than it otherwise would have been.  It was also rather chilly, and although a waiter turned on a heater under our table after he noticed my friend drape her coat over her shoulders, it did not help much and emitted a funky odor.

Our server tried very hard to be friendly and cheerful, but we were put off by several comments she made early on.  My friends arrived about ten minutes before our reservation time, and when they asked if they could order an appetizer while waiting for me, they were told that "the kitchen doesn't like to do it that way because food comes out as it is ready."  Instead, she brought them a plate of bread. Then, when I arrived five minutes after our reservation time, our server made a joke that "your friends even left you a little bit of bread!" -- presumably well-intentioned, but it actually just made me feel guilty for arriving a few minutes late (especially after I heard about the appetizer denial) and made my friends feel like she was insinuating that they'd eaten an entire loaf of bread when in reality they'd only collectively eaten a single slice out of three.  Although ordering appetizers before dinner is apparently not allowed because "the kitchen doesn't do it that way," our food actually did come out in a predictable order, leaving us to wonder what she meant by that.  Still not sure what the harm would have been in allowing my friends to share an appetizer while waiting for me.

I'm glad we tried it, but it's not high on my list of places to return at any point.  If/when I go back, it will be in hopes that my next experience corrects this fluke.
A world class meal. Start to finish - food and service beyond reproach. When you combine talent, knowledgeable wait staff, first class ingredients, and a beautiful setting - well that's worth 5 stars in my book. I could list all that we had, but really you can order anything on the menu and not go wrong. A splurge - and worth every penny. Watch out mark vetri!!
So a few months ago we made reservations here for my girlfriends birthday. She was very excited to try this spot. With the day almost upon us I asked a coworker how she liked the place. She suggested small plates to share and a pizza. This turned out to be the perfect recipe. 
Upon entering I loved the decor. The whole set up was really cool.  Fireplace, couches, dark, Really large photos, depictions of the devil.  I'm a real sucker for rustic things and reclaimed wood though. Also a heated vestibule goes a long way when you show up early. 

We were welcomed in and our coats taken. I absolutely love the look and feel of the place. The only thing that was a little annoying was how loud it was. This had nothing to do with the place or the music. It was just a loud crowd. I think also I'm being a stick in the mud with that complaint. 
So this is how we did it:
Some fancy drinks that I did not try so I cannot comment on. I stuck to sparkling water. 
Some Brussels sprout special that was excellent. 
Beet salad: best best salad I've had yet! I wanted another one immediately!
Speck and egg pizza: this was amazing. I'm torn between Stella's truffle and egg and this one for best pizza in Philadelphia. We took some home and it was just as god the next day. 
Messinesi: this was delicious and just the right portion since we were already stuffed but wanted to try more things! 
We finished off with a cheese plate for desert. May sound weird but it was her birthday and that's what she wanted! It was an excellent cheese plate. 
The service is great and our waiter was more than accommodating. I think if you sneezed with in second waiters would pop up on either side of you. One to bless you and one to offer you a tissue! 
Honestly when the check came it wasn't that severe. Just over $100. You get what you pay for and it was very enjoyable. Also it was her birthday and how could she not be worth it! 
So if you haven't you really must. Def the nicest place fishtown has.
The atmosphere was very pleasant, low key and upscale same time. The wide variety of drinks and wonderful food make the place really special. Will be back for sure.
I was very excited to stop by this place.  I was not greeted by the gentleman at the fron desk or the bartender.  Unfortunately, I stopped just shy of 11 and they would not allow me to order food.  I asked him to reconsider.  He simply said no. 

Very disappointed. Especially for my first time in the place.  No apologies or empathy.
I love love this place. A relatively new addition to Philly and it was my second time there. Every single dish i have tried, all we're good. Just simply delicious. Spicy Jawn is a great pizza with explosive flavors. The speck & egg pizza was good even for another meal (breakfast) - really a perfect breakfast pizza! Nevertheless, other entrees (pork shank, lamb steak, maccheroni) were great as well. I can't wait until I come back to try more of the menu!

The waiter we had both times were knowledgeable and very helpful. He systematically laid out the menu and explained in such clear details that I could imagine the food before seeing it!! Come here!!

-keep eatin.
Finally made my way here after scrounging OpenTable for available times, I snatched the first one I could see which wasn't available for 3 weeks, popular spot! 

Overall had a great dinner. Service was spectacular, our server has such a great way with people, is friendly but not fake, very easy going and described the items of the day to great detail and professionalism. I also had a question about two dishes she answered wonderfully, great great service no complaints. 

Cocktails are a bit pricey, closer to $12-14 end range, but they're pretty good. 
The food was very good, one dish was most definitely subpar to the others though. 
We started off with Octopus served in a pistachio pesto and cannellini beans. The octopus was very good, I loved the flavor of the pesto and cannelini beans but this was way over seasoned, it was insanely salty to a poitn where I felt like I exceeded my maximum daily sodium limit with this one dish alone. It was so so so so salty, i can't even begin to explain how salty it was.. so unfortunate because the other flavors were so so good!

For our entrees we shared the Pumpkin, fall sqaush mountain gorgonzola truffle burrata pizza  and the Porcini cavatelli pasta. Both of these were fabulous, but the pasta won the show. The texture of the pasta was perfection, the seasoning, the mushrooms, the cheese, no complaints, perfection. The pizza dough was so good! The squash and the truffled burrata paired amazingly.

Overall, despite the octopus, we'll be back. It's a great restaurant and I'd love to try some other dishes, but probably not the octopus next time around
tl;dr outdoor dining done right, offering farm-to-table offerings with an Italian bent

Restaurants across Philly are taking the plunge into outdoor dining. While admittedly some are fish out of water, Wm. Mulherin's Sons goes out of its way to amp up its outdoor experience. Half in the sun and half in the shade, the block of sidewalk against the north wall of the restaurant-hotel is dolled up with area rugs and a pop playlist. The space is smattered with two- and four-seater metal black tables and wooden-and-metal folding chairs, each separated from one another by many light-decorated plants. Opt for a table on the building side of the block to avoid the sun as best as possible.

My partner and I decided to brave the suffocating summer humidity to take a break from our homemade meals. Upon our waitress's recommendations we opted for the Whipped Sheep's Milk Ricotta, the Fried Soft Shell Crab, and the Leslie Chow pizza, complemented by the Birds, Bees & Italians and the I Dare Youse cocktails.

The ricotta itself tasted like a savory whipped cream with strong notes of mint, balanced out by the salty and olive oily Foccacia, which tasted particularly of grilled rosemary. The crab was battered in a light coat of cornmeal, sitting atop a zucchini slaw and incredibly flavorful garlic aioli. Finally, our pizza, while vegetarian, carried a  generous load of mushrooms with a balsamic-like drizzle. I was most pleasantly surprised that the crispy thin crust held up despite being loaded with toppings.

For just about $100, we shared a decently large meal and drinks -- a fair enough price by Philly standards. I've been meaning to give Wm. Mulherin's Sons a whirl for some time, but I've never quite followed through until now. Now, I'm kicking myself for not having gone earlier -- and I can't wait to get back.
Wonderful meal. Excellent service. Beautiful building. There are two separate kitchens with one specifically for the wood-fired pizzas. Therefore, food comes whenever it is ready rather than all together.

Our server let us know that the meals are tapas style and are typically shared. He suggested two dishes per person if you are getting pasta or pizza.

My friend and I shared a cheese plate and each got a pasta dish. The three-cheese plate we shared was perfect for a two-person appetizer. We got two glasses of wine each at around $15/glass.

My friend enjoyed the pancetta and asparagus pasta special while I devoured the porcini cavatelli. Delicious small cavateilli noodles with a creamy cheese and mushroom sauce. Yumm even for a typical mushroom-hater like myself.

Overall, fabulous meal. The shared cheese plate and individual pasta dishes (and four collective glasses of wine) left us sufficiently full. 

Our total bill ran over $100 which is my only downside to this meal. Had we ordered more tapas, as suggested, I think it would have been too much food and over our budget for a Tuesday night. We could have easily avoided this with our wine consumption, however.

If it wasn't way up in Fishtown I would definitely be here more often!
My first time there a couple weeks ago and everything had amazing flavor. We order a couple speciality cocktails and ended with an Negroni, which I think is top 3 Negronis I've had. All the food was one of the best as well. The octopus was the best I've had since I've eaten octopus in the Galapagos.
Wm Mulherin's Sons is awesome.  We like to sit at the bar (we are early folks, so it's usually easy to find a seat, but it does fill up quickly).  the service is fantastic.  The bartenders are knowledge and make great cocktails and are knowledgeable.  Good wine list.  We have sampled a lot of items of the small plates.  the Octopus was amazing.  The pizzas a great as well.  The dining room is also a great space.  This place is great formal around for cocktails, dinner, or just a bite.  One of our current favorites!
Mulherin's gets the job done. Dinner, Brunch, late night eats. It's all here. I stopped in most recently for a nightcap and the staff did not disappoint for a rainy Monday. As fall/winter approaches, I'm looking to try more boozy creme cocktails so I challenged the staff to have fun. Their knowledge is second to none. In no time, I had a boozy, yet fruity cocktail which I polished off while getting lessons in Late Harvest Rieslings and the newer bartender went to work on my next creme cocktail. This one was even heavier and was quite delicious.  Monday is a tough day in the Industry, but the Mulherin's team held it down right up to closing. An amazing nightcap and I will be back for more late drinks and especially once they light that fireplace.
Stopped here for Sunday brunch recently and left full, happy and eager to return! The wait was about 45 minutes and we ended up getting what i call the "forgotten table". A table in the back room by the fire oven, against the wall with barely any light. Honestly this table is in the dark and needs adequate lighting. Definitely not a place I'd ever want to sit again but I was hungry so ... BUT! There were two open two-top tables in the bar area next to the windows with so much light, unsure as to why we were put at the forgotten table....

Anyways as for food! We had the speck and egg pizza and an order of the salmon toast. Both were absolutely delicious, fresh and made with high quality ingredients. The pizza was full of flavor and a perfect brunch pizza. I really loved the smeared egg over the top. As for the salmon toast, one of the best salmon toasts I've had in a really long time! The crunchy bread, fresh salmon, and the oil drizzle they use - I could eat this everyday for breakfast! Unforuantely it was so dark at the table, I have no pictures to share. The service was quick and attentive as well, another perk.

Other than the crummy table, we had a good time here and enjoyed the food. I'd go back but i would never sit at that table again.
Food was good for the most part.  The seafood mixto and flank steak were well worth the price.

The octopus was overfried and tasted a little burnt.  The mushrooms were excellent.

The messinessi was good but a little chef boyardee-ish.  Good thing I happen to like chef boyardee.

However the francobolli comes in a portion that is enough to feed a guinea pig, not a full grown human being - so be wary when ordering if you're hungry.  It is definitely appetizer sized (actually the appetizers were bigger).  What little was there happened to be delicious.

Best deals are the pizzas in my opinion but there are better authentic Italian pizzas in Philly and jersey.  

Overall a bit overpriced for the food quality - which was a bit inconsistent.  Great atmosphere though with nice decor.
It took us a month and a half to get a reservation, and was well worth the wait! Such an incredible beautiful space, an old whiskey factory. We were a party of four, sitting in the dining room, a fire going in the fireplace, very cozy warm atmosphere. The wait staff was excellent, very attentive and knowledgeable. We tried many dishes, everything was delicious. Octopus, cauliflower with all olive and almond a Oli sauce, steak, our favorite was the Pasta with the shaved truffle from Italy. They get a shipment of these $350 truffles, and for $40 you can have 25 shavings on your pasta! It was delicious, and very original. We enjoyed a few cocktails, unique combinations and delicious! The location of this restaurant is in Kensington, so was a bit of a hike, but it was a wonderful fun night out! We will definitely be back!!
This place hit the nail on the head in all categories. 

The environment was perfectly executed. You have rustic exposed wood beams meets eclectic art. The layout was fun. There was a fireplace and plenty of natural light coming in prior to the sun setting. 

The service was spectacular. Our server made us feel welcomed and appreciated. We waited for nothing. We had great recommendations and good conversation.

Food and drinks far exceeded our expectations. We got a combination of pasta dishes, pizza, and a veal chop. Amongst appetizers and cocktails. I have to say that there was not a dish that missed the mark. The kitchen here knows what they are doing and the quality ingredients leave for a far above average experience. 

I personally find that the prices are beyond fair. I have paid far more for a much lower quality meal. Hats off to this establishment.
The best brunch in philly. Food was incredible!! My husband and I enjoyed a nice brunch here this morning to finish out our anniversary weekend. We shared the ricotta pancakes (oh my goodness, you guys u have to try how amazing these were!). I had an excellent frittata and my hubby had a delicious hanger steak and eggs dish. Everything was so goood!! The brunch drinks were delicious - my husband particularly enjoyed his la Bombay espresso liquor beverage. 
The service was excellent- very friendly staff. We appreciated that they brought out a donut and candle on the house for our anniversary. 

We will definitely be back. Great spot!
We didn't have reservations on a Saturday night but we got a spot at the bar. Drinks were great, bartenders friendly and helpful. We loved the margarita pizza. The outside garden dining area looks fun, next time we'll definitely book reservation for outside.
Wonderful service, excellent food and luxurious ambience. Our server was terrific, the Spicy Jawn pizza is a game changer. We will be back again and again. The Don Giorgio is the best summer cocktail ever, so fresh.
I was so impressed by this spot! At first, I thought it was too pricey. After tasting the food, it was completely worth it! The ambience and drinks are amazing too! The pizza tastes unique and the pasta was something I never expected! Such unique flavors. I will absolutely be returning!
Wow.  This place hits on all spots.  First the interior design is beautiful.  The entrance mural, tile work and light fixtures are really cool.  But who cares, unless the food and drinks are great.  The cocktails were all interesting and perfect presentation.  We had four different ones.  The one made with rye is smooth and strong.  The food was was really interesting and yummy.  Veal tartare toast was so good, from now on it's the only way to eat veal.  We also had the cauliflower and hamachi crudo.  Both had interesting twists on popular app dishes that we've had at other spots.  We also had the Vincenzo pizza.  Wow, i know pizza is being made at such a high level in philly now but this pie has to be near the top.  The crust was perfection.  The right amount of yeast bite, char from the oven and doughiness/crispness.  Awesome place and the check did not break the bank.
Food was okay, quality was good. Some on the menu are good - such as the pork belly carbonara was well prepared and creative in using cured egg yolk (like many Chinese dishes use salt egg yolk), some are just okay - like the striped bass was little overcooked and tasted too char on the skin. Portion was not as standard for this price, but I don't complain for that. 

The service was definitely NOT as expected. We made a reservation for 3  at 5:15pm and we arrived around 5pm. When we were taken to their garden for seating and the table arranged for us was small and under the direct sunlight. So we asked our host to arrange a 6-people table under the umbrella, and said we should be done before another party came if the table is reserved. BESIDES, at the time, there was another 6-people table sat by a party of three young ladies. No offense to these lovely ladies, they all are WHITE ladies. Our host came back said they cannot let us sit any of the 6-people tables because reservations. However, by the time when we left around 7:15pm, none of the parties for these 6-people tables came. ALL these tables were empty for the entire time. So I wonder is it because our group does not appear to be white?

When we sat down at our small table, our waiter came to run down the specials for us and let us know that they can only take all orders at once because whatever ordered not at the 1st order of your table will come very very late. Okay, weird but that's fine. Then the waiter really diligently reminded us many times while we were there that we only have until 7:15pm to enjoy the meal, because they needed to get ready for next reservation. Okay, I get that and we always finish before whatever the "allowable time" is. BUT REALLY? Do you need to constantly let your guests feel they need to "get out" at certain time? Besides, by the time we left, there were tons of other tables empty in the place.

I get it. All the hip places like this have an attitude. But people dine out for a relaxing experience and to have a good time. I've been to many places and all the good places share the same thing -
Let everyone, everyone no matter of your appearance your origin your whatever, feel well welcomed.
I came here with pretty high expectations considering the quantity of good reviews. We had reservations on a Thursday at around 7pm and it was extremely busy that night but were seated pretty quickly. Our table was very close to the others so it was difficult to conversate but we managed. 

We ordered a few drinks, the Strawberry Mansion and SGT. Pepper, both were just average and probably wouldn't order either again.

I asked the server what appetizers he would recommend and mentioned the Zucchini Blossom Tempura, it came as a pair about the size of a pickle, definitely not worth it considering the price, especially since the ricotta overpowered the truffle flavoring. The Crispy Octopus was probably the best thing that we had here, we ordered two. The Mafaldine Carbonara had a nice twist with the crispy pork belly, similar to how you would get crispy pork belly at an authentic Chinese restaurant. We ordered the Spicy Jawn pizza and it was decent, but it didn't WOW us.

Overall, we had a decent time here but probably won't be coming back and won't be recommending it to friends, there are better restaurants to go to for the price.
The current Hot Spot in Philadelphia and we now know why!! Sneaking in as the doors opened and snagged two perfectly comfortably seats at the bar to enjoy one of the finest and most sought after meals! Bartenders were top notch mixologist and very friendly!! Everything from appetizers to dessert just kept getting better! The service is amazing!!! Someone opened the bathroom door for me what what!!! With a little Musiq Soulchild in the background. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming and while you're getting exceptional service and a delicious meal, it's comfortable and not pretentious! You could be in a sports coat or in a flannel shirt with jeans and everyone treats you with respect! The food really is the star! Getting a seat is difficult so make reservations or be the first one in. 

Thank You Chef Chris Painter and friends!!
We finally made it to Wm Mulherin's after wanting to eat there since it opened. The love both by critics, rating apps, and friends seemed universal. Unfortunately, our experience did not live up to the hype.

We ordered the cheese plate, a pizza, a pasta, and the brick chicken. The cheese plate was very solid, with great bread and accompaniments. The pizza was solid as well, with a nice chew and great sauce. The pasta, a special of the night with fettuccine, butter, Parmesan, spring onion, and asparagus, was outstanding. 

The disappointing aspect was the brick chicken and the service. The brick chicken was extremely salty and that made it difficult to eat. But the low point was the service over the course of the whole night. Everyone that came to our table was friendly and well versed in the menu, but the spacing of the meal was terribly slow, to a point of being uncomfortable. It almost felt like they were keeping us there to order more booze. For a restaurant such as Mulherin's, where the menu basically tells you to order multiple courses for sharing, it was surprising how poorly timed the courses were brought out. For our 4 courses, it took 2.5 hours. In my eyes, for the nature of the food, that is unacceptable. 

If this rating and review were solely on the food, 4 stars. The poor timing of service knocks it down to 3.
Everything from the laid back feel, the lack of heat lamps(good thing), and offerings make this a unique restaurant. Everything should be split so depending on how hungry you are, two people could split 2-3 of their pizzas, pastas, small plates, or entrees. Delicious wine choices and the pork chop special was the best pork I've ever eaten. Will be returning once we try a few more places on our radar.
Very loud and very tight quarters for the 2 tops. Got 2 snacks and the duck and halibut. They were good but by no means we're either of us blown away or that impressed. The best part was probably the homemade sourdough bread and they only spared 2 small pieces. As we were taking in other table's orders it was clear that pizza was the way to go. Most tables stuck with the pizza and pasta. Unlike us, they probably didn't leave there feeling ripped off. Can't see myself returning any time soon.
