This was definitely the best cheesesteak we had on our cheesesteak tour in Philly.

Came here after reading all the yelp reviews and currently they're only doing orders online which was fine by me. Place the order and then called them to make sure they got the order. It didn't take them very long to make the sandwich.

The staff were super nice, the shop is a teeny little hole in the wall place with no seating. So they only do takeout there's nowhere to sit and do dine in. 

We got the wit whiz and that was absolutely amazing! The flavor was on point, there was a lot of steak in the sandwich, and the ingredients tasted fresh. The bun was quite good as well. Definitely really like this one.
Not going to lie, we were originally planning on going to John's Roast Pork, but it isn't open on Sundays. It worked out to our benefit - it's no wonder that Woodrow's makes Bon Appetit's "short list" of best Philly cheesesteak spots. The game changer honestly might be the homemade(!!) cheese wiz. Everything else on their menu sounds delicious as well, I'm already looking forward to going back. 

TL;DR Go to Woodrow's. Your taste buds will thank you.
I've strolled by Woodrow's South Street storefront multiple times - and even stopped in once to peek at the menu.  However, a chef friend's glowing recommendation finally got a sandwich in my face - and boy am I glad for it.  So here I am passing on the gospel of good eats.

Décor and dining area is no-frills basic: an eat-in bar ledge and about four two-seater tables.

Dinner for two:
* Woodrow's Whiz Wit $11: Shaved ribeye, truffle whiz, cherry pepper mayo, caramelized onion
* Cubano $10: Roast pork, prosciutto cotto, gruyere, dijonnaise, pickle
* Hand Cut Fries $4
* Truffle Whiz Dip $1.50 

Yup, slightly pricey for food - but break it down with me:
* Fries + dip hurt at $5.50 (that's half a sandwich!!!). It was good, but skip it. 
* Whiz Wit ($11) costs a touch more compared to nearby Jim's and Ishkabibbles ($9) - but well worth it. Hot diggity that was the best cheesesteak I've ever had!  Oh, and the best cubano I've ever had too!

Woodrow's is truly a hidden gem - no glitz, no neon lights, no loud music, no facades, just wicked good sandwiches.  No hard crusts or soggy/chewy bread - just a beautifully crisp outer crust, yielding to soft crumb, then the fireworks of flavor once you hit the fillings ... ohhh yeah.

Don't be fooled by the simple storefront, decor, and menu like I was ... give it a try! I almost want to keep Woodrow's under the radar so it doesn't sprout  lines around the block! 

4.5!
Woodrow's Whiz Wit is the Shi-- can I say that on Yelp? 
I've been a long time fan of Dalessandro's but now I got a new fave in town -- WOODROW'S! Truffle whiz cheese! How can you not. Seriously one of the best cheesesteaks of my life. AND they offer contactless pick up, you just order online on their website, so easy. MUST. GO.

UPDATE: GET THE COFFEE BBQ BRISKET SANDWICH! And eat it fresh!!! The shoestring fries add a nice crunch to the moist, fatty brisket, and the sauce kicks it up a notch!
DO YOU REMEMBER THE FRIES AT HOT DIGGITY?

Woodrow's has the same. exact. fries. Thick and fresh cut and served super hot. 

Like the rest of the Yelpy crew, I was so bummed to see Hot Diggity go, but I believe Woodrow's is a solid replacement as a neighborhood sandwich shop. I loved my chicken basil on brioche. Zack was underwhelmed with the pork, but we both agreed we'd be back. 

P.S. Hey Woodrow's, how about some flavored aolis for the fries? Garlic rosemary? Ohh yeee.
The ultimate Boutique Cheesesteak. Woodrow's is the cheesesteak you get when you want something outside of the traditional philly. Parking at Woodrow's can be a bit of a pain considering you pretty much have to find a spot parallel parking or you are out of luck. I will say that outdoors is a bit dodgy; a lot of bums, and I'm pretty sure I got a contact high off of all the weed I smelled in the area. On the inside, it's a small restaurant with a few tables to sit, but the first thing I noticed that stood out in a great way was how you order and pay; on a screen. No need to talk to anyone; you do it all yourself, all your customizations, and then swipe your credit card on the screen, similar to what they have at Wawa. There was one confusing question when ordering our cheesesteak, because it asks a negative question. 

This cheesesteak is very saucy and cheesy, which I love. I couldn't really taste any truffle, if I did, it was very subtle, however I did taste a tremendous amount of the cherry pepper mayo. The onions were precisely diced, and perfectly caramelized. The roll is soft, the meat is ribboned, and overall it's just fantastic. It's $12, above the average price of a cheesesteak you can get elsewhere, having said that, it's not your average cheesesteak. It's fresh, made to order when you order it.

The menu is big, and had a lot of options on it that make me want to come back, and I will. My friend and I argued about whether or not this is a "Philly" cheesesteak, but to me, this is the ultimate high class Philly cheesesteak.

Food (A-), Pricing (D), Atmosphere (B+), Service (B+)
This place is awesome! Probably one of the best selection of classic sandwiches done to perfection. Party of 4 split a cheesesteak, cubano, roasted pork and the short rib. Each one was delicious. First time there but won me over! Nice job guys!
This Whiz Wit is a pretty special sandwich. It's packed with flavor. The truffle whiz is pretty amazing and makes the sandwich. Very tender and juicy beef. 

In my city cheesesteak top 10 it's probably 4th. I gotta give a little more props to the places that do amazing sandwiches without kicking the cheese up a notch.

So what's my top 10 cheesesteaks in the city? I thought you'd never ask. 

1. Angelo's 
2. John's 
3. Dalessandro's
4. Woodrow's
5. Philip's 
6. Tony Luke's 
7. Max's 
8. Joe's
9. Jim's 
10. Steve's 

Honorable mentions: Gooey Louie's, Ishkabibble's, Pat's
Woodrow's cheesesteak has been on my radar for a while but I would always end up getting a cheesesteak closer to home. Being stuck home during the pandemic gave me the perfect opportunity to order a cheesesteak from further away. I ordered a cheesesteak with truffle cheese sauce. It arrived quickly and was still warm. After one bite of this chesesteak I was in food heaven. The truffle cheese sauce is awesome. I devoured that thick juicy cheesesteak like I was a starving man who hadn't eaten in days. Then I licked the juice and truffle sauce off of every finger. This is my new favorite cheesesteak. Where has truffle cheese sauce been my whole life?
Great phillycheesesteak sandwich. Great staff, very simple menu but very tasty food. The sandwich is huge plenty for one or two.
From cheesesteaks, to roast pork, to the amazing recipes that spots like Paesano's and George's put together, South Philly is an area that is very known for it's sandwiches. So when I first read about Woodrow' moving into the former spot of my beloved Hot Diggity, I didn't think it would have much of a significant impact in elevating South Philly's sandwich game. 

But with tricks like adding truffle whiz to a cheesesteak, elevating grilled cheese with prosciutto and an herb parmesan crust, and using a trio of beef, lamb, and veal for a meatball sub; Woodrow's manages to find some significant ways to add their own stamp to South Philly greatness. And I instantly learned that with the couple of visits that I had.

For my first visit I grabbed their take on the classic cheesesteak; and with the aforementioned truffle whiz, and some cherry pepper mayo, my soul was instantly singing its praise. I also grabbed their Belgian style fries which channeled back instant memories of the one's that Hot Diggity used to have, even if the truffle whiz that I decided to add managed to push overkill a bit. On my second visit I was instantly drawn to their Not Just For Breakfast Sandwich since I'm a lover of all things breakfast sandwich. Their take of the classic egg, meat, and cheese elevates it ten fold w/ a pretzel croissant, chive cream cheese, and your choice of either bacon or prosciutto.

Add in other sandwiches like their Cajun mahi w/ mango puree and chipotle mayo, and their house roasted turkey with bacon jam and herb mayo, and you have one serious shop that the sandwich gods smile upon!
One of the best dining experiences. When there was a problem with our meatball sub, the owner, Kevin, immediately went to work to rectify the situation - replacing the food with another item and even refunding the price difference as well as personally serving the food to us with a ton of extras (fries, cheese whiz, Maine Root sodas).  Truly the definition of excellent customer service. 

Now, for the food. I was blown away by the flavor of the Woodrow Whiz Wit, which was filled with chopped ribeye that was flavorful and juicy on it's own. But when paired with the delicious housemade truffle cheese whiz and grilled onions atop a soft roll - definitely one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly. I'm partial to the chopped steak and the flavor and consistency is similar to the famous Dalessandro's, but the truffle cheese whiz puts it on top. In addition, the thick cut, proper chips/fries are excellent - crispy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside, perfectly paired with malt vinegar make it a great side.

We'll definitely be returning!

Enjoy!
I came here for a real Philly cheese steak to make up for my last trip to Philly where I was disappointed by popular chain (scroll down my other reviews).

Thankfully, Woodrow's did not disappoint. The cheese steak was excellent. The bread was flawless. The meat was cooked perfectly along with the fixin's. The fries were great as well. My only complaint is that the portions were so big that they almost ruined my appetite for dinner.

Definitely check them out.
Still one of my favorite cheesesteak places in Philly! Tried 10+ different places in the area, and this one is definitely one of the top choices.

We've ordered the Woodrow's Whiz Wit (shaved ribeye, truffle whiz, cherry pepper mayo, caramelized onion), although it looks like they have other sandwich options--Cubano, meatball sub, and the BBQ brisket just to name a few. What makes this place a little more unique is their cheese whiz, which has truffle oil added to it. The overall quality of the sandwich is superb--the meat is cooked just right with the whiz paired nicely to give you that unique taste. Onions are perfectly caramelized. Nothing is overly salty. All of these delicious flavors combined makes for a perfect cheesesteak.

The self-order screens made ordering and paying a breeze. There hasn't ever been a long line in my experience. The place has some tables, but not too many. As for big groups, I think it would be tougher to get situated. If you are ever in Philly and are having trouble deciding on a cheesesteak spot, you MUST try this place. You will not regret it!
I couldn't come to Philly and NOT have a cheesesteak here.  My only regret was not ordering more to go...

Interior can be cramped as there's not a whole lot of seating so plan accordingly!  

One thing I liked is the fact you can order everything on a touch screen.  If you know what you want then it's just a few button presses and boom just pay and sit tight!

What we ordered:
1) Woodrow's Whiz Wit - $12 as of 7/2019
This was awesome.  They make their own cheese wiz which is infused with truffle oil which really gives this a unique rich taste.  There was great wiz coverage and the meat was well seasoned.  

2) Shrimp Po' Boy - $11 as of 7/2019
This was also really good with very fresh shrimp that meshed well with the remoulade, marinated tomatoes, romaine, pickles and chives.  A bit messy though!

If you're a fan of cheesesteaks and are in the area then definitely drop by this place.  If you're more of a traditionalist however then you may not appreciate the creative liberties they made with their custom wiz sauce.
We ordered from Woodrow's because the BF was craving a cheesesteak, and we read that they had a good one (in the top 3 according to a recent Bon Appetit article, if you go by that kind of thing). 

Amazing. Here's why: 

1. Their menu is GREAT - I ordered the cubano, but easily could have gone with the meatball sub, the hoagie, or one of their other sandwiches. Lots of great options! 

2. Food was friggin' incredible. The BF loved the cheesesteak (although admitted that it was "elevated" - truffle whiz, etc.). Not dry at all, tasty. My cubano was delicious. 

3. Fries? BEST. DELIVERY. FRIES. EVER. Seriously. They arrived crispy, not greasy, slightly salty. Cooked perfectly. Skin on, which I like. We ordered 2, but just split 1 (good portion). 

4. Not that we ordered them, but... they have some good sounding salads, too. Always nice to have that option in case I'm not feeling the need to indulge. 

5. OK, the sandwiches were pricey - BUT they were huge. Easily 2+ servings for me. 

Honestly, no complaints whatsoever, and we're already looking forward to trying other things on the menu!
All I gotta say is get the cheesesteak........ absolutely amazing. One of the best I've ever had. The truffle whiz sets it over the top. 

Fries were just average..... need something different to make them a little better. Definitely not a sit down place. Seating is very crowded, a little uncomfortable (especially on a hot day like when I went). If the place had some better ambiance and seating capacity/space, it'd be great.
Unreal sandwich place. The moment I walked in I knew it was going to be good based off the smell of the food. Excellent rendition of the roast pork sandwich. High quality food all around - I will definitely be back!
Woodrow's is a newcomer to South Street, but I think they're going to be among the ranks of the best sandwich shops in the city in no time.

Unfortunately, they ran out of cheesesteaks when we went near closing time. But fortunately, the two sandwiches we did get were AMAZING.

The Italian hoagie was one of the best I've ever had (and I grew up in Brooklyn). Seriously, there was just something about how fresh all the ingredients were. And at only $11, it's a gigantic sandwich. If you don't mind a cold sandwich, I honestly can't think of anything better.

Also tried the Coffee BBQ Brisket, which was amazing. Crunchy fried jalapenos, and just the perfect amount of smokiness and sweetness.

You walk in, place your order on a tablet, then pay. Super simple. Seating inside, and they have a back yard with two picnic tables.
There's no doubt that Philly is a sandwich town. With two legendary sandwiches in the Cheesesteak and the Roast Pork sandwich it's hard to argue. That being said it's not an easy to make your mark in this city. I walked into woodrow's on the recommendation of a friend, skeptical to say the least (I've probably passed the place about 20 times on drunken stumble to grab a steak from Jim's). I immediately went for the cheesesteak, classic, whiz wit, no mayo (comes on the sandwich) Threw some cherry peppers on for good measure. I figured if they didn't get this right, well, I knew what to expect for the rest of the menu. Took my first bite and I knew. I knew that Woodrow's had supplanted the number one spot on my cheesesteak list. The truffle oil in the wiz is game changing. Thin cut ribeye shavings..melts in your mouth. Fresh bread to catch all the greasy goodness. I finished the sandwich wanting another. Needless to say I will be back to try the rest of the hoagies on this tremendous menu. Ok well maybe after one or two more cheesesteaks.
Next on our cheesesteak tour is Woodrow's. A lot of people have never heard of this place, but good thing I watch a lot of YouTube. This was my favorite (most people in my group) sandwich of the whole trip. It's not your traditional sandwich but you must try the Woodrow's whiz wit. Shaved ribeye, truffle wiz, cherry pepper mayo and fried onions. This sandwich is like a gourmet cheesesteak. The spoiled boy in me is a huge truffle fan so I had to try. It was so good. Best sandwich and something you might not know, but must go.
I am on a quest to find the best cheesesteak in philly.

My first stop was Woodrow's. It's an intimate spot that makes amazing food and simplifies the ordering process.

My girlfriend and I walk in and ordered through the kiosk system. Our order was :

Cheesesteak- with homemade wiz with truffle oil- one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The steak was seasoned and hot, the cherry pepper mayo was tasty.

Fries- hand cut fries hot and crispy.
2 waters 

Overall I have to say this was a very pleasant 1st stop on my cheesesteak tour.

The employees are very nice and we got our food quickly.

Do yourself a favor and get o Woodrow's asap!!!!
The menu seems to have a lot of tasty options. My girlfriend and I tried their cheesesteak and coffee bbq brisket. I was interested in the truffle wiz but the flavor of the truffle didn't stand out, so $12 for this cheesesteak seems overpriced. The coffee bbq brisket was dry and the pork seemed underseasoned. 

The staff was friendly and the dine in area was clean and provided a good view of South St. We will probably come again and try their other sandwiches.
Get the woodrow whiz wit!  Delicious cheesesteak and shaved ribeye with truffle whiz, caramelized onion and cherry pepper mayo. Their whiz is amazing!! It is made in house with a blend of American, cheddar and provolone with truffle oil. You can't go wrong with anything truffle. The cheery pepper mayo added a nice kick without being too heavy and mayo focused. Ugh the meat was so tender and delicious. The bread was so soft yet nicely toasted on the outside. It has a good filling to bread ratio. Overall delicious, I wish I was eating it right now.
For eating on South Street, this is the best you'll get in steaks. It's a bit different than other places in that they minimize customization. I didn't have a chance to get mushrooms on my steak, at least with COVID and online-only ordering. Maybe in person they have more options, so I will retain an open mind.
The kid and I both agreed the truffle "wiz" is top of the class. It's really a gourmet melted cheese sauce that accentuates the sandwich just right. It's not the biggest sandwich out there, but it eats bigger than it looks. The beef is good quality but you do pay for the South Street location and upscale orientation. Is it worth a few bucks more than a comparable sandwich at other places? Is it worth the same price as, say, Leo's outside town? (A half at Leo's is almost as big as a full here.) I guess it depends how addicted you are to that cheese sauce. I won't blame you if you are. The only cure is more wiz!
Let me tell you guys a story. I ate a Cheesesteak from Woodrow's and it blew my mind. End of story. 

I'd seen this place on top ten lists and videos on YouTube and this and that, and I decided that I had to try it. Not because people said it was amazing (which they did), but because they said it was unique. 

See, at the time of this review, I'm 34 years old, born and raised in Philly. I've had all the cheesesteaks. Tony Luke's, John's, Chinks, Chubby's, Steve's, Dalessandro's, whatever. So, whenever I hear someone say "You gotta try this Cheesesteak!" I'll typically say "No I don't." because (to me) there's not much more you can do with cheese, a roll, and some steak meat. 

But shiiiiiiit! Their own homemade Truffle wiz and a little cherry pepper mayonnaise completely flipped the script. It's like nothing I've ever tasted in my life. 

About four years ago, I moved out of Philly and into Jenkintown. I tried Woodrow's for the first time in April of this year. It's now September, and I've made the drive through all that traffic on 76 and center city to get Woodrow's at least five times since then, but my family only knows about three of those trips. Lol it's worth all the gas money and screaming at idiots on the road to get my hands on this food.

Last thing before I go: over the summer, my cousin suggested we try the Cubano, and I genuinely may like it even more than the cheesesteak. Ridiculous.
The best cheesesteak I've ever had! The whiz to meat ratio is perfect, the bread is soft yet sturdy, and the caramelized onions are cooked just enough. Without truffle flavoring the homemade whiz sauce would still be amazing. I suspect even a cheesesteak traditionalist would love this, although I could be wrong. I can't wait to return and try more sandwiches!
I moved to Philly about 8 months ago and never even thought about getting a Philly cheese steak. As far as I knew, they were all just crappy meat and cheese wiz (which is basically plastic cheese from a can) thrown on some bread that I can't even eat anyway. BUT when my friends came by for a visit, they wanted their Philly cheese steaks! I don't even remember how we decided on this place, but we all stepped out into the beautiful spring day and went for a walk to Woodrow's. 

Once we arrived, we all crowded around one of their touch screen machines to order. This already made me happy because I stress out when I have to order at the counter. Is there someone behind me? I need to hurry up! I don't know what to get. What are your drink options? Oh god, it's just too much. 

Thankfully, all we needed to do was press a few buttons and our food (for all 6 of us) was hot and ready in under 15 minutes. We all got fries and then 4 of us got the Woodrow's Whiz Wit, 1 got a grilled cheese and 1 got a Falafel Beet L.T. Bonus info: they have gluten free bread!!!

So how was my first Philly cheese steak? Come a little closer and I'll tell you....closer...closer.....it was FUCKING DELICIOUS. Those fries were also the shit. Not shit. THE shit. You understand me. But seriously though. The meat was juicy and very flavorful, the bread was so good that I would honestly have just eaten it completely plain, which basically NEVER happens with gluten free bread, the fries were super hot, super crispy and super yummy and the cheese...the cheese was..I can't even. I would bathe in that cheese if you let me. 

Woodrow's? 5 stars hands down.
Okay, that was one of the best short rib sandwiches I've had in a while.  Was it "mind blowing"?  Probably not- but it was DAMN good and I honestly could have made room for a second because I was still craving it after the fact.  The combination of caramelized onions, cheddar and a perfect, not-too-sour horseradish sauce all wrapped up neatly in a fresh roll made it so worth the $10.50.  The fresh cut fries were boardwalk style-a little too big and potato-ey for my liking and not that crunchy, but still salty enough.  I ordered through TryCaviar, and though the delivery came twenty minutes earlier than expected, we only received 1 order of fries as opposed to 2- could have been the restaurant, could have been the courier- not a big deal, though.  I will say the menu is unfortunately way too small, but I'll definitely order from here again to maybe try the meatball or get the short rib again.
We ate there on Sunday. We tried the pulled pork sandwich it was in a container under the counter and they heated it up and it didn't look too fresh and it was so salty we could barely eat it.  I wouldn't get it again. Not sure why they salted it so much. The fries tasted too much like the peanut oil they were fried in. We wont be back.
If I had not gone to John's Roast Pork, I would safely say Woodrow's makes the 2nd best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. But John's does it one better for consistency sake. However, Woodrow's gets a ton of credit for their take on a cheesesteak.

Unlike most cheesesteak joints in Philadelphia, Woodrow's takes it to another level. They use a cherry truffle into their cheese and it makes it taste absolutely delicious. Bite after bite this thing just got better and better. I mean, this is a crazy good cheesesteak that they should just keep to themselves and shut out Pat's and Geno's, because those two do not have a leg to stand on compared to Tony Luke's, John's Roast Pork, and now Woodrow's.

I also loved the cashier. She was super chill, but brutally honest. She allowed me to try the truffle cheese before buying the steak to see if I would like it. Props to her for making me a believer and giving me a chance to try something so crazy, but so unique and delicious.

I only have two minor complaints. The sandwich is a bit on the small side considering the price, and the roll is a bit on the softer side. Other than that they make a killer steak that simply leaves me wanting more.

Job well done Woodrow's.
Woodrow's is my new favorite Philadelphia sandwich shop. The cheesesteak wit wiz was amazing and by far the best cheesesteak I've ever had. The truffle whiz was delicious! The Thanksgiving turkey sandwich was better than any holiday dish I've had on Thanksgiving. This is not your typical sandwich shop...it's way better. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
This review is a little late, but totally necessary. 

I mean honestly, just look at that picture of cheesy perfection. The tender shaved ribeye, to-die-for truffle whiz, cherry pepper mayo and caramelized onions just melt together in every bite - absolutely a king of cheesesteaks. Even the bread was perfect in that it was thin enough to let the fillings shine and somehow still hold all of it in (and trust me, it was LOADED) without getting soggy or falling apart.

Note: They're doing online ordering only for takeout in observance of COVID and everything, so make sure to factor that into your plans for your next visit.

Standing. Ovation. Woodrow's. 
Can't wait to stop by again the next time we're in town!
WOW. I mean seriously wow. We got takeout from Woodrow's yesterday and it was just out of this world good. Sure, we've had the cheesesteak from here before and it's always been delicious, but last night I ordered THE BEST ITALIAN HOAGIE I HAVE EVER HAD! From the delicious hoagie roll to the arugula, the meat, the cheese, the cherry peppers, that damn herb mayo...I was truly blown away. It was delicious, it was fresh, and it was huge! I ended up eating the other half for breakfast this morning. We also ordered fries and a side of the truffle wiz because how could you not? 

I think I have been converted and will settle for nothing less than this perfection of a sandwich. Keep up the good work, Woodrow's...I'll be back!
Great sandwiches. Great French fries. Great employees. Not so great review.
The food is good but the ambiance is brutal. They were blaring music louder than bars I go to at night making it impossible for conversation. I mean it was thumping. I kept thinking if I cant stand this how can the employees? Also they had issues with the machines you order on so the whole thing kind of gave me a headache.

That all being said - the sandwiches were made well and were good, I just would never eat inside there again. More of a to-go place IMHO!
I am in love with their truffle cheese wiz but I wanted to branch out and get the shrimp po' boy. Well guess what? You can get the cheese wiz on the side!! 

And dip everything in it...

So I dipped my shrimp po' boy in it. Don't get me
wrong, this sammich is ridiculous on its own - think well seasoned, snappy plump shrimp nestled
among crisp ribbons of lettuce and juicy tomatoes, enrobed in creamy remoulade sauce and stuffed between warm toasted sesame bread. So i guess in the end I got so caught up enjoying the sammich as is, that I was left with 55% of my truffle wiz still in its little container. 

At that point I may or may not have gotten up outta my seat, grabbed a spoon, and not so inconspicuously devoured the remainder of that heavenly truffle sauce au naturale...
slid by woodrow's recently after reading rave reviews on yelp. i can ALWAYS go for a good sandwich. so, i stopped by just as they were opening for the day and had my heart set on the turkey club special before i even got there. i decided to pair that with an order of their hand cut fries and truffle whiz sauce. 

when i walked in i was greeted by a young lady and gentleman who were obviously just beginning their day. they seemed friendly enough. my order was taken quickly and the food was prepared quickly as well. the restaurant itself is small and cozy. u have a sidewalk view of south street which is cool. one thing i did NOT like though was the small chairs. totally uncomfortable. i hate chairs with arms in restaurants. im a big guy so they just dont work for me at all. anyway, on to the food. the sandwich was a pretty good size. the bread was a very soft whole grain roll. the sandwich consisted of turkey, cheese, mayo and their cranberry bacon jelly i guess it is. it was pretty tasty. but the real delight was the fries. omg, best fries ive had in a long time. these things were piping hot, crispy on the outside and so soft and tasty on the inside. a jumbo order of those alone would be awesome. the sandwich was good but the fries were better. 

i must admit though, almost $16 for a sandwich and fries is steep imo. and thats without a drink. the price and the chairs made it hard for me to give more than three stars. i know its south street and they hammer tourists etc but i just feel like thats a bit much for a turkey club and fries without even getting a beverage. i still plan to go back to try more of the menu but for now, A-OK.
Must hit sandwich spot in the city. Under the radar, but I believe their cheesesteak rivals most big names you hear about in the city. Even their other sandwiches are delicious - I had an Italian hoagie and tried the tomato mozzarella sandwich - both of which were no joke. 

Great spot to eat in or just simply do takeout.
It's a good quick sandwich shop. We ordered a salad and philly cheese steaks. They catered to those who are gluten free with a gluten free roll. There was a felafel sandwich for the vegetarian option too.
Super good sammies! Two of us shared the Woodrow's Wit Wiz and the Cuban. For the Woodrow's cheesesteak, I couldn't really tell that it had truffle cheese and cherry pepper mayo, but it was good nonetheless! The Cuban was also good, I felt that it needed more zing, so I added yellow mustard. There weren't many pickles in it for me, but I'm a big pickle fan! There was a good amount of the pulled pork, but barely any of the other deli meat.

Logistics of January+COVID: so Woodrow's has only online ordering, you can't go into the shop. We walked there before we ordered, I should have ordered during our walk. Our sammies cooled on our walk back, but we made sure to put them horizontally, so one side of the sandwich wouldn't be soggy. When I got home, I put the broiler on to warm them and crisp the bread up, definitely recommend!
Words cannot express how amazing this place is... they provided sandwiches for my groomsmen on my wedding day while we were getting shaves at Blokes Barbershop. The sandwiches were delivered 15 minutes early, and the tray provided more than enough food for 8 of us, as the manager assured me. This was the first time I tried their sandwiches, and I was blown away!

I got the cheesesteaks, the roasted pork, and the chicken cutlet sliders. Each sandwich was amazing in its own way. The cheesesteak was one of the tastiest I've had, and it was partly because of the seasoning on the meat, and the truffle cheese whiz... it's a magical combination. The pork sandwich was as good as it gets. The chicken cutlets were thick and tender. The sauce on the chicken sliders was so tasty.  And the potato salad and french fries sides were amazing! All of the guys really enjoyed the food. I am so grateful for this place making my day that much more perfect. I will be back!
The steak was ok not all that. It was extremely oily and I didn't notice the truffle cheese. I'll skip this place if I want a good cheesesteak. The fries was good.
Last weekend I drove by Philly to try a cheesesteak sandwich from on my #6 place and counting. Came upon Woodrows Sandwich shop after seeing it on a YouTube video calling it the most professionally made sandwich. It absolutely lived up to the name. Woodrow's cheesesteak sandwich is amazing. What a flavor bomb with the steak and the Truffle cheese wiz smothered all together. A burst of flavor after every bite. I also did order their roast pork sandwich to eat for lunch the next day. Very unique sandwich and amazing flavor as well. The Parmesan cheese gives it an additional burst of flavor along with the provolone cheese, Broccoli Rabe and the roast pork. Woodrows is definitely on the top of my list of best Cheesesteak sandwiches and I can honestly say for roast port as well.
Food was decent but man, it has a very smoky flavor to it.  I wasn't used to that.  At least they take credit cards which makes it one level better than Pat's where I used to go.  Carmelized onions were good too.

French fries were actually far better than Pat's but wow that Cajun spice is strong.  Good thing I got a beverage too.  But it was so strong even when I covered it in ketchup.  I had to go next door and get a 20oz bottle of Coke Zero to finally get that out of my throat.

I'm not complaining, but just mentioning it in case you want to try it.  It is really strong.

Anyway.... at least unlike Tony Luke's they have no aversion to your putting ketchup on the steak sandwich.  

So if you are nearby, it's not bad.... but that smoky flavor wasn't something I was a fan of....  it's just me though.  It was fine otherwise.  Like most food I get on South Street, it's more often miss than hit.
Classic Philly cheesesteak was a 10/10. Bread crunchy on outside and soft inside. Served in legit 2 min during lunch time on a Tuesday. Would eat again... and again
Whenever I visit Philly I can't miss this place. Granted my experience with Philly cheesesteaks are limited, I just don't wanna take any chances and miss their Whiz Wit with extra truffle cheese.

I visited Philly solo back in 2019, had my mind blown, and ordered another one to take back to NY. Raved about it to my wife, and promised to take her.

Well, two years later, finally visited again this past weekend, and to my surprise they were able to deliver to our hotel. The people working at Woodrow's were super nice, very helpful when I asked about my order status, and most importantly, the cheesesteak was as good as I remembered. My only regret was not ordering another one to take back to NY lol.
I am normally not a tribal guy when it comes to food. I think people should just eat food however they want not just based on tradition. That being said, I always like my cheesesteaks with just cheese and onions so I was skeptical with this in house mayo but I was pleasantly surprised. 

The mayo added a nice kick of heat that went really well with the in house wiz they make. I never thought wiz could be"gourmet", but this was certainly as close to that as possible!

Also they were really nice, I came with some people visiting philly and it was pretty close to close but they were really friendly and let us finish eating while they locked up and didn't pressure us to leave or anything even though if they did it would have been justified!
Heeeeeeeyyy Yelpers,

All I wanted yesterday was a delicious CHEESESTEAK without the hassle of a long drive. If you review my post, you'll see that I search for some of the best steaks in the City of Philadelphia. I never thought cheesesteaks got better than Max's or Dalessandro's Steaks; I was wrong. PLEASE DON'T SMACK ME.......LOL Anyways, I had to share with YOU my favorite cheesesteak thus far that left me wanting more. Here we go...

Woodrow's Whiz Wit
shaved ribeye, truffle whiz, cherry pepper mayo, caramelized onions

I give this steak a 5-Star!!! Very flavorful and loaded with finely chopped (shaved ribeye) steak with an amazing twist, Cherry Pepper Mayo. WOW! It isn't spicy at all. If you're looking for "spicy," order the Cajun Fries with it to give you the Ultimate Satisfaction!!!!  

Note to Owner: If your rolls were a bit better (because rolls make a cheesesteak) I would've given this an off the chart rating; 5++++++++++++++++++

Yelpers: Try one (two or three) and drop a like and follow!!!!!

Signing Out, 

Food Junkie J
This cheesesteak BLEW MY MIND!!! 5-Stars hands down. Just look at these pictures! Gooey cheese, chipotle mayo, and look at those f****** onions. 

My GOD bless this place. I'm from Baltimore and I'm so glad my partner recommended this spot! 

Thank you Woodrow's!
Believe it or not, my first cheesesteak EVER. Truffle cheese? Definitely not the same as going to Pat's or Geno's, but this was GOOD. The bread was literally perfect, slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It had velvety, melty truffle cheese - not from a can -  and perfectly cooked ribeye. Quite the experience for my first Philly cheesesteak. I wish we had had the time to try another place for me to compare. The rain ruined our plans on this short trip to Philly, but I'm sure I'll be back.
I'm not an expert on Philly cheesesteaks because frankly, I don't see the huge appeal. I generally don't enjoy the grease and the mess but when in Philly, I feel like I have to get at least one. Thus, I tried a place known to be less-traditional and apparently that's exactly what this non-Philly cheesesteak lover needed! I LOVED my Philly cheesesteak here. It felt so much cleaner and lots of savory flavors in their cheese sauce. I would definitely come back next time I'm in philly!
I'm only giving it a two star because the cook was the rudest person I ever encountered. I came in at 630 I get it they close by 7 and we were aware of that. It was almost liked I fucked up his whole day by walking in at this time. Customers after that came in were treated the same way. 

Lock the doors if you don't want people coming in 30 minutes before closing.

Cheesesteak was ok.. go to Angelo's down the street.. much better.
While Philly is known for cheesesteaks and the Whiz Wit delivers: complete with truffle cheese whiz (which adds an earthy depth of flavor) that accentuates the fatty goodness of the ribeye, the pork sandwich was one of the best I've ever tasted. 

Both sandwiches must have an au jus added, after one bite, steaming hot juice spills out the end (and if you're not careful, onto your pants). That juiciness gives the sandwich so much flavor and makes it stand out among others. For the pork, the slightly bitter broccoli rabe, the rich shredded cheese and the red pepper flakes create a beautiful complement to the well seasoned pork. Loved it. Fries were decent- not the crispest I've had, but a good complement to the flavorful sandwiches. 

Deco, self-ordering on a computer system with pictures of all the things on their menu and kickass sammies make this place so worth it.
When I first moved to Philly, I liked to ask each of my Uber/Lyft drivers for their favorite cheesesteak recommendations. I quickly learned how personal a question this is. 

There is this random fable I recall from my childhood about a little woodland deer who was hesitant about crossing the river...she first asked Squirrel if it was safe. Squirrel said "Don't even think about it! You're gonna drown." So Deer hesitated. Then asked Horse, who said "Aw dude, the water will come up to your ankles." Then Deer was conflicted and confused. 

Then she smelled truffle cheese wiz wafting over from the other side of the river, from a little shop in the woods called Woodrow's. She thought, "Truffle cheese wiz does not a classic cheesesteak make! This is blasphemy." But poor Deer was so hungry, she held her head high and braved the river current to the other side. Lo and behold, she survived! Was not a cakewalk like Horse had suggested, but she did not drown like Squirrel had warned. 

And in that moment Deer learned that trying to take advice from a myriad of disparate opinions would leave her at an impasse; but jumping in river herself can lead to wonderful discoveries like the fact that unconventional truffle cheese whiz is absolutely delicious. 

(as to why a deer is a carnivore...that is another story)
This place was amazing! The fries with Cajun seasoning were super deliciously fried and seasoned. The cheesesteak with wiz cheese was actually really good too! The bread was nice and soft but toasted just right. I'd def come back if I'm in Philly again.
Best sandwiches in Philly! Incredible cheese steak with a heaping serving of meet and cheese. Bread is incredibly soft and holds up well.
A quaint little sandwich place on south st. They don't do walk ins right now so it's best to order for pickup before coming here and you can do that online.

The woodrow's wit wiz is splendid. Finely chopped beef with onions fused together with their truffle wiz. The truffle wiz is delicious especially if you get yourself a side of one. A hit of earthiness in splendid cheese goodness. It also goes great with the fries. 

The only thing I feel was slightly lacking were the onions and cherry pepper. The onions seemed a little sparse for me and the cherry pepper almost nonexistent. Having some more of that would of made that sandwich amazing.

One sandwich will fill you to the brim. Some napkins would be nice too because you will be in for some messy deliciousness. They have a great variety of sandwiches, each seems to be amazing and well worth the price! Certainly can't wait to try their other options.
The Honey* honey mustard & onion pretzel fried chicken, pepper jack cheese, honey mustard, pickle- Flavor of this was definitely on point! Woodrow's Whiz Wit* shaved ribeye, truffle whiz, and added pizza sauce - Truffle wiz with the shaved ribeye was really good for a cheesesteak with wiz!! Truffle Whiz Fries- the truffle wiz is pretty much good with anything!!
Overall 5 would definitely go back as they have a lot of other interesting sandwiches on the menu!
YUM!  Went with a group & tried a little bit of everything.  Definite favorites - the roast pork, the eggplant/tomato/mozz & the meatballs.  Everything was really well-seasoned & tasty.  Fries were amazing.  I'm already looking forward to the next time I can eat here!
Amazing meatball sub - so good that I called back after my first few bites to let the owner know! My boyfriend got the short rib sandwich and loved it as well
Came here during the Philly Free Street. Didn't expect much when we walked in...but wow. The sandwich were awesome. I had the short rib it was delis. The flavor and The quality of the ingredients is really worth the price. I will come back again to try other items on the menu.
I've been here a few times. It's not bad. The chef can put some good flavors together. 
but I always find myself wishing they had something a bit more on the simple side like a really good egg and cheese or a great chicken cheese steak. I work from home a lot so I'm not always looking for a sandwich with every fancy thing under the sun on it. Ive worked in food for many years and learned that some of the simplest sandwiches are the hardest to make. 
Anyhow, few months back I asked for an egg and cheese without the sauces and they told me no. 
Today I went and didn't get a hello from the girl for a few minutes... no one was there, she was just packing a bag. I was finally  greeted and asked for a chicken sandwich with cheese and  onions on a sub roll. I nicely said that even just a plain chicken sandwich would be fine (knowing that their chicken seasoning is really good). 
She's asked the guy cooking and he said "no we don't do those types of sandwiches"
I get it, Woodrow's doesn't want to be the ishkabibbles of south street.  but today, someone else got my business not them. 
 not really a Nieghborhood kind of place who treat the locals well
This place is incredible. I can't say I've had everything on the menu, but probably at least 3/4 of it. I try to get something different every time I go. It's hard not to get repeats when you're obsessed with the Bacon Cran Jam on the House Roasted Turkey, like I am. I have never had anything from here that I didn't like. The hours are a little wonky, I wish they were open later, but I think they're still getting their staff squared away and it's certainly not enough of a problem to take away any stars. If my biggest problem is that I wish I could eat it all the time, I don't think that's a problem at all.

My personal favorite is the House Roasted Turkey with an honorable mention to the Whiz Wit, which is my boyfriend says is the best cheesesteak in Philly. I told him that it's an amazing sandwich, but I think using truffle wiz and cherry pepper mayo is cheating. Either way, the sandwiches are like Pokémon in that you've gotta catch 'em all.
This place is killing it, everything is so damn good.  I've been working through their menu, and have yet to find anything that's not amazing.  

I'm Cuban, and their Cuban sandwich is dead on point flavor wise.  The cheese steak is amazing with the truffle whiz.  The "Not so" breakfast sandwich is amazing.  Their fries are the best on South St, hands down.
Best cheesesteaks in my opinion, they specialize in sandwiches. Small place but great service and great food!!!
One of the best cheesesteak places in philly. They don't make the common mistake of overcooking the meat and the whiz was delicious. My only complaint would be they need to add more whiz.
Making an update after previously trying that truffle whiz whit. DO NO SLEEP ON THE OTHER SANDWICHES HERE. I know that most of the yelp pictures and reviews are raving about the truffle whiz whit, which was admittedly good, but I had the coffee brisket and shrimp Po boy here and I would say that it was almost better, honestly to die for. 

The coffee brisket comes with fried jalapeño sticks (I think that's what it was) and a healthy, heaping mound of mouth watering delicious brisket for a little over $10. Really it's a steal of a sandwich on a great value meal. I've had good BBQ and I'll say that they really know how to do good brisket; it was fatty, meaty, and distinctly flavorful. Also the bread was perfect soaking in all those meat juices. 

The shrimp po boy was amazing - the real MVP of this sandwich was the toasted sesame bread that almost tastes like a buttery garlic bread. The vegetables and shrimp were delicious on top of this amazing bread base for the sandwich. 

I'll repeat, this place is so worth it as a sandwich joint and I haven't yet seen it super crowded despite its hipsterish vibe on south st. that usually tends to appeal to the typical yelper lol. Try it out, I'd recommend going with some friends and splitting some sandwiches to maximize the different sandwiches you can try.
I didnt really care for this $12 cheesesteak. It was on the more expensive side and they did not fill it up with meat or cheese. Id rather have cleavers or dalessandros.
I'm not a huge fan of truffles so the whiz just wasn't to my taste.  The other aspects of the cheese steak were really good but if you don't like truffle oil taste then I would avoid this place because it is the only cheese whiz option.
Woodrow's Whiz Wit - (shaved ribeye, housemade truffle whiz, cherry pepper mayo, caramelized onions). First cheesesteak of my visit to Philly this time and it set the bar high. You can taste the quality of all of the individual ingredients. The ribeye is shaved very thinly, so it's thinner, softer, and more tender than the meat in most cheesesteaks. The whiz on my steak that day looked and tasted more like a sauce than cheese -- it was orange, thin, and drippy, but it was full on flavor and it was dispersed evenly throughout the cheesesteak. The bread was fresh and soft with a perfect mild chew -- it was my favorite roll of all the cheesesteaks I've tried.

A standout full flavor cheesesteak, less traditional, would recommend.
My cheesesteak preference: sliced beef (not chopped!), whiz, banana peppers, and onions. 

Loved the Woodrow's cheesesteak! It's really not that hard to get a cheesesteak in Philly (or a good cheesesteak), but to standout and be really good - I think Woodrow's has my vote. 

The truffle whiz made me want to re-visit. The beef slices are still intact and not chopped like most other places, and the cheesesteak in general was not overly salty like most other places. The bread was soft but also with a slight, mild chew, loved the texture play. 

Really enjoyed this cheesesteak (even though ver minimal modification is allowed - because you won't need it). Loved the confidence and loved the food!
After being in the city for a couple months, this place had popped up in quite a few discussions revolving around cheesesteaks so I had to try it out. Located in a really hip/punk like neighborhood (South St./Queen Village), it is relatively easy to miss as the exterior is not super large. The inside of the restaurant had a very cool and young vibe. 

When you walk in, you order at the front on a touch screen panel, where you can see all the menu items before ordering. The worker there was very nice and helped us through the process. We just ordered the classic whiz whit, and I asked for a side of cherry peppers to go with the cheesesteak. 

As maybe my 5th different cheesesteak that I've had in the city, I have to say that this place elevates the classic greasy cheesesteak by really giving it a new-age spin. They have house-made truffle whiz. My friend and I were skeptical at first but the whiz did indeed taste very truffle-y but not in a way that overpowered the meat. I generally like the steak to be carved in longer ribbons, and not too frayed and the rib-eye did not disappoint. 

Definitely a good place to get an elevated sandwich, and will be returning in the future to try their other options!
I have been dying to try Woodrow's ever since I found about their unique way of making cheesesteaks. After careful consideration, I am happy to say that this is one of the best steaks in the city and must-have for tourists. 

It's far from a classic steak, where Woodrow's uses cherry-pepper mayo wiz to coat the meat. It sounds a bit strange, and may turn OG Philly residents away. But after that first bite, I was in heaven. The mayo is delicious and the chopped rib-eye is incredibly flavorful. From top to bottom, Woodrow's checks all the boxes. 

Amongst the hype of South Street, I would seriously consider checking Woodrow's out. They're not a traditional cheesesteak shop, and they recommend to not change how they serve the steak. So go with what these guys are saying and give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
I walked 2 miles to find this place.  You are greated with a nice welcome shout.  Immediately ordered the Philly cheese steak sandwich which is called the Woodrows whiz wit.  Make sure you order it with the truffle whiz.  If your paying with a credit card go to the machine, only bug them if your paying cash.  What can I say.  The sandwich is oozing and wet.  Very nice portion and tasted wonderful. I say check it out.
This place was amazing!! Got the special, which was a turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce and bacon, so FREAKING good.  The bread was on point as well.  The staff was super friendly and helpful in making my decision. Definitely going back!
My wife and I visited Woodrow's for lunch this past 4th of July and had the Woodrow's Whiz Wit (their version of a cheesesteak) and a side of Cajun Fries. The cheesesteak was filled with tender chopped meaty steak and chunks of lightly crisp diced onions. The melty cheese wiz was the best part of the sandwich and filled with rich truffle flavor. Unfortunately the bread was not very soft but the sandwich as a whole was tasty. The side of fries was savory and filling with a nice kick from the Cajun seasoning.
Girlfriend and I took the 2 hour road trip to Philly today to try out the best cheesesteak spots. Woodrow's was our second stop and boy did it not disappoint. Located in a nice little town area with lots of stores reminded me of areas like chinatown and little Italy in Manhattan.

We ordered the classic cheesesteak with whiz and onions, without any extra stuff in the options menu. The meat is chopped up to small pieces unlike most of the other places but it works really well because the cheese just gets into every bite making it really juicy. The bread was perfect. Not too soft and slightly crispy. When you get your cheesesteak you can just say that it's an official, legit cheesesteak by just looking at it because it's open and overflowing with meat and cheese. The other cheesesteaks we had the bread was either hiding the meat or the meat just didn't look appealing as presented.

The staff are very friendly and it makes you feel like you're in a family owned business where it's personal. They took about 10 minutes to serve our steak.

Overall out of the 3 spots we went to, my girlfriend and I agreed that this was the best cheesesteak we had. It was also the most expensive, but I would definitely pay the price for another one when I'm back down here. highly recommend Woodrow's!
In a city littered with sandwich shops, cheesesteaks, pork rolls, to me, this is one of the top sandwich places in Philly.

Located off South street, went a few times with various colleagues.  It's a small and unassuming shop that you might miss if you aren't paying attention.  Go up to the kiosk, scroll through the items and make your choices between classics.  I've had the chicken sandwich (the honey), pork and brocolli rabe, and I've also tried the crab meat special, plus the house cut fries are great! Everything is phenomenal.  shut up and take my $$$ cause I plan on trying everything off the menu eventually.
We are out of towners and researched the best cheesesteaks and ended up here. We were not disappointed! The homemade cheesewhiz with truffle was outstanding! TIP: Order on their website first. You can't walk up or call in an order due to COVID (at the time of this review at least)
SO GOOD WE WENT TWICE....within 2 hours

This was the only thing that saved my trip to Philly. After going to the Magic Gardens a couple blocks down, my friends and I stopped by this shop for a bite (thankfully it was open on Easter Sunday). I ordered the Cuban sandwich, which was good on its own but my friend ordered the Woodrow's Wiz Wit and oHmahGaWd.

This is what I EXPECT a Philly Cheesesteak to taste like. Juicy, dripping steak on a delicious soft toasted bun. Truffle whiz....to die for..

And then we went back for another....craving another one right now (*Q *)
Been trying different cheesesteak places all throughout Philly and stumbled across Woodrow's sandwich shop on Yelp. I have also seen Woodrow's on many lists for top cheesesteaks in Philly.

Ordered online through their website and my food was ready in about 15 mins or so. I tried the cheesesteak and the Italian hero. 

The cheesesteak was rich and a bit heavy, but it had good flavor. The truffule whiz and the cherry pepper mayo give it a zing. The Italian hero was flavorful, but also was a bit heavy, probably because of the herb mayo added. Both sandwiches were a good size portion.
After the arrival of my new Nephew at Penn Hospital, we fed dad with Woodrow's! 
It's a short walk, and it felt great after a long night. 

The place is tight but situated well enough that it doesn't feel claustrophobic. 
Two screens are available for ordering if you're paying with a card, or you can order to the manager if you want to pay cash.  

My dad opted for the Tomato Mozz with added chicken ($3upcharge). He liked the ingredients but though the roll was disappointing and that overall the sandwich was pretty small. 

My brother in law liked his cheese steak! That was a good size. 

I got the gf bread for a meatball sub! I absolutely loved it! So fast and easy.
A little soggy but what's to expect with gf dough and gravy and cheese! 

We sat out back at the two tables with other friendly guests. Gender neutral bathroom! 

Overall, we will be back!
This place is amazing!  Over the years I've eaten more than my fair share of hoagies and sandwiches, and I can honestly say this place is special!  The menu is amazing, everything is made with fresh ingredients and you can tell the owner really cares about the product he's putting out.  Yesterday I had the best Cuban sandwich I've ever tasted, I've also tried the meatball, short rib and chicken sandwiches and they were all delicious.  I don't review businesses often enough but in this case I couldn't resist, keep up the good work Woodrow's!
Two of my friends had the short ribs with onions which was good sandwich I had the  horseradish sauce the side...no cheese  My husband had the meatball sandwich.  I had a small bite which was very taste.  Great place for take out, or eat in.  Only open until 8pm
Looking around for a cheesesteak/sandwich place with great ingredients and awesome flavor? Skip the hour long lines (as of now) and check out Woodrow's.

Made to order on the spot, friendly service, reasonably priced with no pretense. Tourists and suckers go for the 3-4 letter guys blindly. Check it out, you won't be disappointed and you won't be just another face rushed out into the street. Good eats!
Pork sandwich was awesome, meatball sandwich was awesome. I'm probably gonna try everything on the menu now. I think I just found my new favorite lunch spot. Hit this place up!
It ends right here...right now. The cheesesteak debate that is. Woodrow's has it in the form of its Woodrow's Wit. It's your basic shaved rib eye steak but the truffle whiz is where it's at and it's unlike anything I've ever had. It's messy and dripping in glorious truffle whiz goodness. It's got to be the best enhancement to the cheesesteak ever concocted.
For desk lunch, I ordered the tomato soup (tangy and warm!) and the Cajun mahi-mahi burger.  Both were healthy, moderate portions (we can do it, America!), but the burger actually underwhelmed--there was not enough mahi-mahi to be filling as a meal.  The green fixings were good though.  Overall, the food was flavorful and fun, and I'm willing to give this place another shot--the grilled cheese and French toast sandwiches are too tempting.
I literally just finished my meal that I got delivered by GrubHub from Woodrow's..

I ordered the Cajun Mahi Mahi sandwich and fries with truffle Whiz and my co-worker ordered a short-rib sandwich.  Let me just say, before I enter a food coma, WOW!!!!

Everything was incredible.  My sandwich has to be healthy because it's fish, right?  Guess what?  I don't care either way, so go ahead and judge me!  

The fries, which I only ordered to try the truffle Whiz, could have stood alone by themselves because they were so good.  But...they didn't, the truffle Whiz was included on each and every bite because I am a fat slob and wouldn't have it any other way.

Checking out the photos on Yelp, I was originally inclined to order a meatball sub, but something (mainly my waste size) guided me towards the Mahi Mahi sandwich and I have no regrets!

Till we eat again!
walked by this place and saw this new place so decided to give it a shot. got the pork with broccoli rabe sandwich and my girlfriend got the mahi sandwich. both were pretty good, and I noticed that my pork sandwich wasn't as greesy as the other places I've tried. The meat was delicious and the rabe was only slightly bitter. the fries are cut steak style like they have at five guys. overall a great place for lunch, and I will definitely return to try other things on the menu
Ordering is very easy, they use a kiosk really similar to Wawa. 

The cheesesteak here can hold its own. The meat is well seasoned and they have a housemade whiz. Bread is not your Amoroso hearth baked bread, but is fair. I wish the steak was cut in ribbons. The chunks are really small and almost minced. All of it was really good though.

Love the fries. Their cajun seasoning is really special. It's definitely not just Old Bay. Pay the extra .25 and give it a try.
The fries, the breakfast sandwich, and the pork brocoli rabe are all delicious. I would have more of a list, but I've been here only 2 times so far - however, I would say that this probably going to be my Federal Donuts for sandwiches from here on out.
Up until coming here, I had been very "meh" towards cheesesteaks. They were good, but the best 3 roast pork I'd had were better than the best cheesesteak I previously had. That's all changed because Woodrow's is finally doing the cheesesteak justice. The other cheesesteak  places should be embarrased...compared to Woodrow's it's as if they aren't even trying and they're just getting by on the reputation of the Philly Cheesesteak rather than trying to make something that actually tastes good. After my first bite  of Woodrow's whiz whit, I thought wow, this is actually seasoned and isn't just bland rubbery beef covered in bland cheese whiz, who would've thought food could be seasoned??? Woodrow's cheesteak absolutely murders all other cheesesteaks, it's no comparison really. The beef is heavily seasoned, the cherry pepper mayo gives a nice kick, and the truffle cheese whiz actually tastes cheesy and flavorful instead of serving as a moist cover up to dry beef as seen on other cheesesteaks. This is not just the best cheesesteak I've had, it's some of the best food I've ever eaten.
Tried this place out because of all the reviews! It lived up to the hype! The shrimp po boy was awesome!
Awesome place for cheesesteak! Bread was soft enough, meat was flavorful and juicy. Served smokin hot!
We saw this sandwich shop walking by on the street. Everything was delicious, especially the mahi sandwich and French toast sandwich. Would definitely recommend!!
So good!! Went to the aquarium and hopped over the bridge to this little gem! Affordable, delicious, everything I wanted, a steak filled with cheese and literally drips when u eat it! Be careful the cajun fries are Spicy!!!!
OMG! The best sandwich I have ever had! I'm not a sandwich person, but sometimes I'm not having a choice.. And today I'm glad I didn't! The turkey sandwich was incredible, so fresh and the combination of sweet, salt and crisp was perfect! Totally recommend!!
Nestled in a part of town riddled with sneaker and jewelry stores there is a delicious sandwich shop. I strongly recommend giving this place a try. The short ribs sandwich and the house cut fries were amazing!!
