Hey everyone, if you're new to town or looking for a gay club. DO NOT GO HERE. It use to be gay. It used be fun. It used to have really good music and be openly unapologetically gay. No more! Now it's overrun by straight folks and bachelorette parties. When you go here you're not sure if the person you're hitting on is queer or not. Fun for us. 

Also, a new fun thing they decided to introduce! A dress code. They won't tell us exactly what it is, but it sure is pretty anti black so far. Right now, I do know you're not allowed to wear track pants and adidas? Really c'mon now. You're not fancy woody's. Stop trying to be. You're just making the gayborhood more inaccessible than it already was. Thanks 

Also, it's expensive as hell to go upstairs. $10 cover to upstairs for fairly mediocre music. No thanks! If you need more proof check out the article below. 
http://www.phillymag.com/g-philly/2016/09/22/racism-woodys-dress-code/

TLDR: IT'S NOT A QUEER/GAY CLUB AND IT'S RACIST #boycottwoodys
Woody's, once Philadelphia's premiere (and first?) gay bar, has not stood the test of time very well at all. 

This used to be our playground - growing up in Philly, it was the place to see and be seen for we gay men. Everywhere else had their niche, but paled in comparison to the almighty Woody's. Every night was a specific theme night in the main dance area - whether it was country, disco, club, latino, teeny-boppers, etc.

The ground-floor bar was renovated into a wide open space a few years ago, and certainly is nice in the summer when they can fully open their fronting glass doors/windows. The upstairs contains two dance areas, an all-out large one, and a more classy lounge-type smaller one. So far so good, I count the renovations as a great improvement. 

But Woody's quit serving their delicious food a while back after Bill Wood sold it (thankfully Bill created 'Knock', a dinner bar to serve his food). Also, Woody's more/less kicked out the cool Friday/Sunday night line dancers, which always used to draw huge crowds. And further, the dance areas now cost $10 to get into on weekends - seriously?!!

With the past decade of hordes of people moving back into the City, Woody's has become infested by amateur, new city dwelling straight couples and puking bachelorettes. Ugh - who wants to see straight couples making out in our gay bars? Not I or other gay guys! The bachelorettes would best be served moving over to the Toasted Walnut! 

Just as Evita sings - love don't live here anymore - the gay ol' times are all but gone from Woody's, including Woody himself.
Ah, Woody's. Recommended by our Lyft driver for one of the top Gay bars/clubs in Philly! I'm so glad we took her word for it because my friends & I had a great time. Located in the Gayborhood of downtown Philly, get ready for some fun. Regardless if you're preference, everyone is welcomed here. It was a mixed crowd! The dancing, music, and atmosphere was great.  

You walk up to the door and of course, security is going to check your ID & make sure you're not packing. Then you pay a cover charge. On Saturday night when we went, it was $10. . then Sunday it was $5. They take cash and card!

When you walk in, you see the main bar. It's surrounded by different tvs that are show music videos. Then you go towards the stairs and at this time, the Rosebar was open. I was annoyed at the Rosebar (even if it's not officially apart of Woodys) because they only had one bartender. .anyway. There was a small club with all white and different shade bulbs that set a "cute" mood. Then when you go upstairs there's a main floor. This area has lots of flashing lights and lasers! So cool. I really felt like a I was in the Yeah video by Usher Lol. Then there's a room for hiphop and .. they had a pole. so won't say I got on it .. but. . ANYWAY again. Each room has a bar so you can't go thirsty. Every room has a bomb DJ, so you won't be bored. 

Loved this place and will def be back. Staff and people attending were friendly. Security was all around the building too! Highly recommend!
Well slap my ass and call me Shirley...I am surprised to say that the best dancing in all of Philadelphia can be found at Woody's. And I (at least up until last Saturday night,) was not one to be found shaking what my mama gave me on the dancefloor.

Aside from the fact that you have to pay a cover to get onto the dance floor up on the second level, I had a smashingly good time. Everyone there was so nice and it was great to go to a place with my friends and not get harassed by drunken men trying to play grab ass. Sure, the drinks were pricey and nobody was offering to buy them for us (another bummer, because free booze is the one nice thing about going to those wacky hetero bars) but who cares - we danced the night away to some of my favorite '80s songs and watched boys gone wild, Philly style.

We also laughed ourselves silly at the shirtless bartenders...honestly, that may have been the highlight of my evening (that and the fact that no less than three different men asked us if we were from "America's Next Top Model." I think it's time to get a new cultural reference, guys). Shirtless, hairless man-boys serving me drinks? Pure comedy gold.
OK, first of all, I am not gay - I am a straight, married, corporate chick with a young kid and a pug dog - and I LOVE WOODY's.

I come by myself on Wednesday Nights for the best cheap Italian food around - and an Arnold Palmer.

The gay community is alive & well at Woody's and the DJs have the tunes pumpin' - but I go early and have a quiet little dinner.  Usually I get the fabulous Chicken Francese or Marsala.  They serve the meals with fresh bread, a plate of Olive Oil and a roasted long-hot pepper.

The crabmeat salad - appetizer or entree size (I get the small one and it's still huge) is fresh and tasty.  The pasta is al dente.

And... the eye candy is a bonus - even for a straight-chick like me.
This place is no longer the venerable gay bar that it was when it was owned by Mr. Woods. The current owners have transformed it into a Chuck-E-Cheese for obnoxious bachelorette parties.
Now that I know Woody's has some of the best bar snacks in Midtown, an extra star is warranted. The first stop of our Gay Bar Crawl on Tuesday met us with Austin, the hunky and personable bartender, and Tommy D, the friendly house chef. Tommy hooked us up with four huge plates of food to try, including house-made potato chips, delicious chicken tenders, four different types of spring rolls (each with a tasty dipping sauce) and calamari. 

The bites gave us the fuel we needed to power through a four bar crawl. Word is, Woody's serves a mean brunch and bloody Mary, so you know I'll be back. The cheesesteak spring rolls are calling my name!
After a nearly unanimous vote from our group, me, my girlfriend, and our 20 person group of friends, boyfriends, and girlfriends walked to Woody's. Most of us were happy with the decision, but many did not want to go dancing upstairs and were set on staying at the downstairs bar area. When we got there, was no line even though we arrived 11:00 on a Saturday night. The bouncers at the front door were friendly and greeted us respectfully.

We started downstairs as we were sober, intended to keep it that way. The bartender was attentive and nice, but the bar was expensive; a rum and coke for my girlfriend plus a Yuengling for me came to $13. I also saw my friend's Corona was $6. This is all before tip. Our massive group was split into pieces, with the group of 4 that I came with huddled in a corner. A staff member approached us and asked if we wanted to go upstairs. We all awkwardly declined as it was $10 a head and we weren't in a dancing mood (we never actually are). The staff member asked if we were ever upstairs before and we all shook our heads. He said, "give it a shot then" and gave the 5 of us wristbands for free entry upstairs. Telling the rest of our clearly not "very important people" friends that we were going upstairs for a bit, we headed up.

There are two dance floors upstairs. The smaller one had more hip-hop songs with poles to dance on, while the bigger one had an elevated dancefloor with an amazing club light display and fog machine. Dancing requires alcohol though, so we got some shots from one of the shirtless bartenders in the boxer briefs. We started with shots of "Grape Gatorade" at $10 each and then "Waffle Shots," which the bartender respectfully asked us what was in it and then made it for us (rather than telling us to order something else). I also wondered if the upstairs bars were more expensive, making our wristbands a form of bait and switch, but we had much more fun upstairs and stayed there nearly the entire time.

We had a blast dancing, and several of our friends trickled upstairs to dance with us. Everyone upstairs was having a great time; I even elbowed a girl in the face and after apologizing for my out of control dancing elbows, her and her boyfriend laughed it off. The crowd was fun, but as others have posted, it was 40% girls and 60% guys (40% which were straight like 90% of our group). Ignoring the 4th grade math problem I shamefully posed, if I was gay and looking for an exclusive gay club, I would be disappointed. 

My only complaints are the bathrooms, which are unisex. In theory, they were meant for gay men and women to pee together, but as I stated earlier, girls actually have to share the bathroom with drunk straight guys too. Also, we tried going back downstairs around 1:30am but rude bouncers told us to go the other way. When we came to the "other way," a ruder bouncer yelled to go the "other way out." What Dumb and Dumber actually meant was, "follow the exit signs out of the building," which I determined after asking Dumber some critical thinking questions. This is done to prevent crowds flowing back downstairs, but if I was drunker, I'd have no idea how to get out. Also, Woody's is expensive. We spent about $135 for 7 shots, 2 rum and cokes, and a beer. 

tl;dr Woody's is a fun time dancing with a good crowd mixed with heterosexual and homosexual guys and gals. It's also expensive, so pre-game first!
Woody's a crazy venue full of hidden nooks and crannies, yet quite manageable during off-hours. Go one-on-one with bartender Austin, and he might surprise you; he mixed me a rather fine Manhattan with Maker's Mark. Dark, with a hint of mischief, and a ton of booze. (No regrets.) What took me so long to visit?

Their best kept secret? They've got a slamming kitchen: try their calamari, I guarantee it'll go well with your drink of the evening.
My first visit to Woody's was an adventure of monumental proportions.  A friend had been asking me to go for the longest time and I finally gave in to his insistent requests.  It was simultaneously strange, terrifying, and intriguing.  I can confidently say, I spent a week here one night.  

To my untrained, heterosexual eye, it was almost too cliché to be real.  Here in this giant space was everything that I had ever heard about gay bars.  An amalgamation of sweaty stereotypes threatening to derail my first foray into the world of the unabashedly gay.  Bartenders bedecked in nothing but tight jeans and red suspenders pouring drinks of unimaginable strength.  A dance floor swollen with dudes, grinding provocatively to ear-shattering house music, a cloud of perspiration hanging heavy over the festivities.  Creepy old guys lurking in the shadows, heads perpetually on a swivel to check out each and every posterior that passed their line of sight, blatant in their refusal to hide their intentions.  

My first instinct was to run away.  It was sensory overload to the max.  The Birdcage was fun, light-hearted, and colorful.  Woody's was dark, aggressive, and threatening.  Once again, Hollywood had lied to me.

However, at the urging of my friend, I stood tall, eased in, and decided to ride strong into the Bacchanalian storm before me.  When in Rome, as they say.  We got after it in true Party Monster style.  

The last thing I remember, before waking up two hours late for work the next morning, was downing a Tequila shot with a middle-aged man who purred that I reminded him of his dead boyfriend, grabbing my friend, and running out into the street, overcome by fits of hysterical laughter.  

My headache was brutal, but I was glad that I had ignored my ill-founded reservations and given Woody's a chance to shine.  I've been back a couple of times since, but it never again lived up to the original hype.

Friends I spoke to after that first night acted as if I had miraculously survived a safari in some distant, primal country where beauty and danger constantly vie for one's attentions.  

Hands over mouths, audible gasps, eyes wide with surprise, they'd all say, "You went to Woody's?!?!?  And you're ok?", as if they half-expected me to be missing an arm.

And I was ok.  In fact, I had never been better.
So I'm visiting Philly for the first time in years. Woodys  has been totally remodeled and has become a snobbish upscale bar instead of the great neighborhood bar it used to be. Who ever heard of a gay bar that doesn't open until 7 pm. The upstairs bar opens at 10 yet they close at 2.
Bartenders are clueless. I usually am a very generous tipper but when a bartender closes me out immediately after I order my first drink I take that as an insult and feel unwelcome. He told me that they don't allow you to keep a tab open and must close you out although the night before I kept a tab open for a few drinks instead of closing after each drink. This place will always make money because it is a tourist trap. I feel bad that the this is the best Philly has to offer the gay community.
So then at 8:34 they informed me that they were taking all of the chairs away because they were going to get busy and needed the room. Whaaaat!! I spent good money to sit in this chair. Never ever coming back. So many better cities wher it's not all about profit.
My experience last night (on my birthday, for that matter) was actually disturbing, and as a gay man, I can unfortunately no longer consider Woody's a safe space, nor a place that I feel comfortable around "my" people, since the amount of hetero women who have been infiltrating the bar over the past few years has reached an all time high.

Here is what happened last night:  I paid $10 to go upstairs to dance, and I'll usually head to the bathroom in the first hallway before going to the dance floor.  That bathroom is very small (2 stalls, one urinal, but very little space otherwise.  I opened the door and it was strangely, uncomfortable packed with guys, and I couldn't even open the door all the way.  So, I figured I would wait against the wall in the hallway until a few guys came out.  Woody's often has 1 or 2 guys standing in that hallway who act as "hall monitors," trying to prevent people from hovering and crowding the hallway to ensure the flow of people is smooth, which is fine, but last night as soon as I leaned against the wall to wait for the bathroom, the monitor guy, who looked kind of like Kevin Hart, leaned in towards me and YELLED at me, and told me to "get out of the hallway!"  I was taken aback, as I know he watched and saw me open the door to see it crowded full of guys waiting to use a toilet/urinal. I tried explaining to him that I couldn't go into the bathroom because it was full--I wouldn't fit in there.  

"Excuse me, ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME? GET IN THE BATHROOM OR GET OUT OF HERE!!"  That was his response.  Actually a little scared at this point, I open the door and squeeze myself into the bathroom, to find that there are about 7 guys huddled together like sardines, because that hall monitor forced them all in there too.  We spent the next 10 minutes commiserating about the awful hall monitor, and about how Woody's is just going downhill in general.  When it was finally my turn to use the toilet in a stall, I couldn't even close the door because there were too many guys in the bathroom and there were literally guys standing in my stall while I tried to pee.  

That was ridiculous...I felt like I was treated like an animal last night.  To the Woody's management, if you ever see this: I'm so disappointed in you.  Hiring angry (and probably, straight) men who treat your patrons like complete sh*t.  We go to Woody's because we don't feel comfortable going to straight bars, and some of us have nowhere else to go.  I can't go back to Woody's after this (and other reasons). This isn't a real gay bar anymore.
Woodys has a bad rep for the unresponsive bartenders and their crappy bouncers. It's been going on for as long as I can remember hence the reason why my 1 time experience there was enough. 

On the night of the Pulse For Orlando event, the Philadelphia Police had the Gayborhood blocked off so we could party and raise money for a great cause. Woodys had the sidewalk and street in front of their establishment blocked off. My Lyft driver, not able to get me to Tabu dropped me off on the corner where Woodys is. No issues walking to my destination. As I was walking through the blocked off section of the street I got stopped very rudely and aggressively by one of the African American male bouncers. He demanded I show my I.D. and made me hand over my purse so he could go through it. Mind you I told him I'm just walking through so I can get to another location. He didn't care. He was rude, aggressive and condescending and tossed my purse back at me. 

As a gay African American female you come expect that kind of treatment from Philly PD not another member of your own community and at an establishment that serves the LGBT community. Just another reason why I will never patronize Woodys ever again.
I honestly think it would be impossible not to have fun at this bar! Even the name is enough to make you smile.

This was the last stop on our Center City bar crawl and it was a phenomenal way to end the night. My favorite part was definitely the abundance of amazingly attractive men that had no sexual interest in me. Still totally worth it, I must say. The music is great, the drinks are strong, and everyone is breaking it down. 

My only complaint about this spot is the price! There was an extra $10 cover to go upstairs to the main dance floor. That's a bit ridiculous, in my opinion, especially when you consider what you have to pay for drinks in the first place. My friend and I got cherry bomb shots for $11 a piece. Absurd.

Still, I would definitely come here after having a few at a more affordable bar. There are not many places in the immediate area that really let loose and get crazy on the dance floor!
Yelp should remove the category "gay bar" from this listing. This place long was the epicenter of gay life in Philly. It is no longer and it's morphing into a Center City version of the Delaware Avenue clubs. Kissing another man on the dance floor lead to reprimands from security. If you want a gay bar that actually respects gay people, go elsewhere.
Over priced drinks, conceited bartenders who swear they have better things to do, racist security, latin nights and weekends way too packed, bad if you have public anxiety.
Is this a gay bar or a bar that just uses rainbow flags in the gayborhood?  As a tourist I was not sure after being inside!!!

I visit Philly every year and this last time I went to Woody's on a Friday night and I have to say it was not what I expected.  First of all, why are there so many straight women?  Isn't it suppose to be a bar for gay men?  Almost half of the customers were straight women.  Of course everyone should be welcome, but I don't go to gay bars to be around a bunch of straight girls.  At that point I will go to a neighborhood bar and spend less money.  I have never been to a city like Philly where the "gay bars" are so saturated with female customers.  Depletes the purpose.  And if you aren't sure whether or not to believe me, check out the photos.  Most are of girls or taken by girls at Woody's.  That should have been a red flag for me right away.  Not really what I expect from a bar for gay men.

I then waited 30 minutes fighting my way to the bar to only leave NOT served.  The bartender kept serving other customers who were coming up to the counter after me, and some even pushed me out of the way (I'm only 5'4 so I'm easily pushed aside).  I tried to directly say something to the bartender but he ignored me.  I did this for about 30 minutes.  I guess the people he knew by name were more important than a new customer?  I tried to tell one of the doormen, they told me I had to go back and wait.  Sorry, 30 minutes was long enough.  I left.

Maybe if you're a Philly local and enjoy a bar with lots of different type of people and can actually get served you will enjoy Woody's, but as a tourist who enjoys bar hopping in gay neighborhoods I have to say this was a terrible experience.  The other bars I went to in Center City were way better.
Well, this used to be the best gay bar/club in the city, but those days are gone. On any given Friday or Saturday night, there are hoards more straight women and now straight men then there are gay ones. I've been coming here since 2013, and in the last year or so Woody's has basically become a typical straight bar/club that just happens to have rainbow flags outside it. The gay guys who made this place great over the years have basically abandoned it for Tavern and (still) Voyuer. Now they charge a $10 cover just to get in the door, where as before you only had to pay to go upstairs. 

If you want to go to an actual gay club and dance, don't go here because the amount of straight women who act like they own the place will ruin it for you.
This used to be a good bar/club, but the new owners got too greedy and turned it into an overpacked straight-girl-central money making machine.  The bouncers and staff are unnecessarily strict, rude, and racist.

I live in the neighborhood and get really annoyed at how they practically take over the entire corner of 13th and Walnut on weekend nights and will yell at you if you try to walk on the sidewalk - which I thought was a public space for, you know, walking...

I used to love coming here but after a few disappointing experiences, I have no desire to return. All I can say to both the business owners and their customers is, good luck!
I recently moved to Philly and have been loving it. I had family in town for my birthday last weekend and everyone wanted to go dancing. We ended up at Woody's and had a blast. However, I left my debit card at the bar upstairs (I forgot to close my tab) and this is where the 1 star comes to play. I called 2 times and left messages describing what happened and how to reach me. I emailed 5 separate times and stopped in the bar twice to ask if they had the card. I was told the manager would have to deal with it but he was not in till 9pm and he suggested I email (which I had 5 times). The card was left on Saturday night, it's now Thursday and I've not heard from ANYONE at Woody's. I find this extremely rude and unprofessional. Since common courtesy seems to no longer exist, I've now had to cancel my card and order a new one. Thanks for nothing Woody's!
I met up with some old friends who told me this is one of the best and the oldest gay clubs in Philly and I disagree after my  first and only visit. It felt more like a straight club  and the gays are being outcast. I have visit  UK, Canada ,New York ,Atlanta , DC when you go into a gay club That's what the management and the owners is advertising. This particular club is geared to the  straight  community but advertises in Philadelphia gay newspaper and on gay social sites I am totally confused.   I am not psychic miss Cleo or psychic miss Sylvia Browne ...
Woodys has a huge identity crisis. It used to be a fun gay club, but slowly has changed to a much-less-fun straight bar that happens to be in the gayborhood.  C'est la vie. 

It's well over 50% straight girls on weekends, and while some are great, many are very young, entitled and wasted beyond belief.  I was puked on 2x in one night, had an entire drink spilled on me by a very tipsy girl and my butt was grabbed by a random drunk bride-to-be. (No. just no).   I would estimate that upstairs is now ~80% straight girls and frat boys trying to score with them. The bartenders are for the most part straight, and they clearly no longer cater to the gay crowd (except for rainbow flags flying out in front). 
I'm all for inclusion, but these 21 year old entitleds need to go. Call me old (now that I'm over 30) but I miss the days when gay bars had gay guys in them. 

Someone please let me know when this is a gay bar again.
Please do yourself a favor and never ever come here. Garbage garbage. Come here if you love people being rude to you, man-handling you in the name of "safety" and generally being jerks. Terrible music. Terrible dance floor. Terrible "service".
Tonight I went to Woody's for probably my 5th or 6th time and experienced the most glorious moment of my life. In the midst of their typical Saturday night dance party upstairs, the DJ turned on Lady Gaga's Bad Romance and literally every single gay guy there - from one's you would assume were straight to the super queens - broke out simultaneously into both song and booty-shaking dance. 

Enough said.


(PS - they make the strongest drinks in the city, hands-down)
Not a fan.  Lots of straight women, not a lot of respect for different folks who don't fit into the gayborhood box or women coming along with those men.
I recently visited Woody's a few times, not in my official capacity with HHS but as a customer. I was so disappointed. The doormen were obnoxious, actually rude, and egos beyond imagination; they seated me, every time at a table that wobbled a lot, three different tables on three separate visits, each time tipping a minimum of $5 for the seating. Because of the pandemic, you had to be seated at tables, not at the bar, although they were right against the bar. Each time the table wobbled, spilling the expensive, overpriced cosmopolitans. Service was slow, and the server was friendly, never said his name, served drinks with no Bev naps and took forever to clean up spills caused from the wobbling table as he sat the drinks down. I moved my glasses and Powerbeats Pro to the bar I was right against to prevent them from being bathed in my drink spillage.
Sure enough, on the last visit, they were gone. I second-guessed I left them in the car, glasses fog from masks and the power beats pro with over the ear clips are effected by the removal of your mask; however they are in my photos. I only had two drinks each visit, so I wasn't drunk, but both the $800.00 Nike prescription glasses and the $250.00 Powerbeats were gone when I left. I checked the car, and when they weren't there, I went back, and it was just after 11. I knocked, and I was told through a crack in the door to fill out an online form for lost and found, not being let in to get them. Still today, there is no sign of them, and I have heard nothing from them. The drink tasted good, but the environment and service made them not worth it. I still tipped the server well since they were there, and I always take care of service people, especially during a pandemic. I was required to order food, pandemic rule so I did, and it was only fair and served with no napkin. When leaving the third time, I told the doormen, next time, maybe you can seat me at a table that doesn't wobble, and the two of them looked at each other and made a face, not saying anything. I would have expected my tips would at least result in an apology. There is obviously no management here and no sense of responsibility. I travel a good bit, and in other cities, the LGBT establishments have more class than the others, definitely not here! The lack of having my glasses and Powerbeats returned, or at least hearing from them, is disappointing. There was a bartender behind the bar where I sat them, I was right next to the service bar, and the place was not busy, but to hear nothing from management, like we checked the video or anything, tells me stealing from the customer is not only that they don't care but its how they do business.
I went to Woodys tonight with Two friends (one Caucasian and one black). I am also black. We ordered two orders of wings from Aleksander our bartender. One of his coworkers mentioned to him that today is 50cent wings day. I ordered two orders of wings and a couple drinks. At the end of the night I asked for the tab. I noticed that I was charged full price for two ordered of wings. I mentioned it to Aleksander that the wings are 50cents. He immediately got defensive and said no they are not!! I pointed to the tv monitor where it clearly advertised that wings are 50 cents on Monday's and Tuesdays. He then replied with "well how many wings did you have?" I told him I don't know I ordered two ordered of wings. However many wings are in each order is what I had. He said "well I can't help you and I'm gonna charge you the full amount." I immediately looked at my friends and another stranger who was next to me who said "he's tryna rob you!". I know I wasn't crazy. Aleksander was very standoff-ish at the fact that I called him out on his discrepancy. He then called another bartender who intervened and asked the problem. I explained the situation and Aleksander interjected saying he wouldn't help me because I wouldn't tell him how many wings I had and he claimed I was being aggressive. I am a half black half Asian male who weighs 115 pounds. How could I be aggressive to a strongly built male who is almost 2 times my weight? I then repeated my original statement that I had two orders of wings and I don't know how many wings were in each basket. I would think that the workers would know how many wings are served in each basket of wings.  It seems none of the bartenders knew it was 50 cent wings. The new guy was actually very helpful after I showed him the monitor where it says 50 cent wings.  He eventually honored the 50 cent and charged me for the two basket of wings that I ordered. All this could have been avoided if Aleksander was a much more customer oriented bartender. I am a flight attendant and I know how to de-escalate situations. But I noticed Aleksander was never too receptive of his colored customers from the beginning. Please give Aleksander some more training on ethics and being more receptive to colored clients and to be less stereotypical. He will bring your company down if he keeps treating minorities this way.
Apparently they have a dress code on Friday's and Saturday's because my low crotch sweats didn't make the cut. My hotel was near so I was able to change and return. This is honestly a way to keep minorities from patronizing a business. Not a good first impression for me.
I was really impressed with the diversity in this establishment. The first level is a bar and low key hang out spot. And then the upstairs level has two separate dance floors and rooms that play two different genres of music. 

The Saturday night we attended, one room was hip hop and some top 40, while the other room was more like remixed and electronic/dance/top 40. The main dance floor had a better DJ but I'm not into dance music, so we stayed in the smaller dance floor with the hip hop DJ who was decent. There are bars in each room. Only downfall, you have to pay $10 to go upstairs. 

There is a diverse crowd that comes to this place which I really liked. It's not pretentious like the clubs we are used to in Washington DC. The security guards seemed cool and minded their own business. I didn't see any of them seeking trouble or conflict. They just hung out and enjoyed the music.

The drinks are standard priced and kinda watered down. Bartenders aren't the friendliest.

Bathrooms are disgusting on the second floor. Plain awful.

Cool spot.
Used to always visit this spot, always lovely bartenders and great people watching. Love going to the upstairs to dance also. However, last night was a totally different experience. I went in around 8pm with a gentleman friend. We ordered drinks and exchanged pleasantries with the accommodating bartender. Soon we realized it smelled of a mix of old
Vomit and a port-a-potty. We mentioned it to the bartender and he tried his best to joke with us and say "yeah you aren't the first person to tell me that tonight" I ordered a draft and my friend ordered a bottled beer which we had to take outside to drink. I was sick to my stomach from the interior smell. I don't know how the bartenders work there under such awful conditions. As a service industry employee for over 20 years this disturbed me. WILL NOT EVER RETURN
During my yearlong residence in the city of brotherly love, I have sought out my nightlife adventures elsewhere. Being from NYC, theirs something quite disappointing about having clubs and bars close at 2am. I mean where I'm from that's when the party is in full swing. 

However, this past weekend I decided to give it a go. After reading some reviews on Woody's it seemed like just the place to spread my wings. 

We got there before 11. No cover charge to get in and no wait either- yay!! We mellowed out with a drink on the first floor, as I surprised him with the fact that this was in fact a notorious gay club within the Gayborhood.  He made sure to not let go of my hand for a while LOL . Within 20 minutes or so I see a long line forming for those trying to get upstairs. That line alone suggested it was well worth the $10 they were charging for entry.  

So we decide to check it out. OMG... So glad we did. For starters it was a lot cooler up there on an uncomfortably warm night... Drinks were noticeably stronger as well.  Plus they have smoke machines and stripper poles. Double win!! By the end of the night my shy guy was ready to take a go on one of those poles and enjoy the twirling lights all on his own. Definitely a night I won't soon forget. Thanks Woody's!!!
$10 cover CASH ONLY 

Came here on a Saturday night with some friends. What a fun time!!! I love that Woody's has all the types of music you could look for when you're out in the city. EDM, rock, hip hop, or R&B ... Woody's has got you covered! Everyone was super friendly and e v e r y o n e participates in dancing. If you love dancing, you will have a blast here. Yes, it is a gay bar but anyone can come here for a good time. 

My only complaints about this place are that the room upstairs has REALLY loud music (am I getting old?). I could not stand to stay in that room for longer than 10 minutes. We spent the majority of our time downstairs in the smaller room where they were playing hip hop & R&B oldies. The lights were really bright in that room for some reason but they were dimmed later on that night. It gets REALLY packed but I loved the vibes here. Would totally recommend for a fun night out.
BARTENDERS SCAMMED ME DO NOT GO HERE!!!

Visited the bar over the weekend with some friends and purchased 1 drink downstairs. The bartender swiped my card and then intentionally handed me a receipt with someone else's identical-looking bank card. They kept my card behind the bar and DRAINED MY ENTIRE ACCOUNT within seconds. 

I didn't realize the card mixup until the next day. The bank informed me this was not the first time Woody's staff have scammed their straight female patrons. There have been a number of similar cases in the past year, which leads investigators to believe this was an orchestrated effort within the bar's management.

What started out as a fun Saturday night in Philly ended with a headache of a Sunday morning cancelling cards, calling the police and filing several claims. 

If you want to avoid potential identity theft and a total depletion of your funds, PLEASE avoid this bar. Not worth your time or money (not that you'd have any $ left after you hand your card over to criminals)
Was there last night (Saturday) with my friend who was visiting from Ireland. He was grabbed by a man by the head who dragged him into the bathroom. When the guy sails, "Suck on this", dragging my friends head down. He managed to get his head free & said, "Suck on this" & head headbutted him. A scuffle broke out & my friend was kicked out. When we asked why he was being kicked out, for nearly being raped he was told by security that the other guy was a regular. That is so wrong. Come on Woodys you may have did yourselves up, but this aggressive behavior seems to still be about. If ye want to be RAPED, go to Woodys, should be your ad
Completely rude staff and utterly bad service. 

We had the misfortune of tumbling into this place one Saturday on a relatively busy night, with good times on our minds. But it was crowded with hardly any space to move. The night had other plans.

The first bad sign was that the bar wouldn't allow us to pay for drinks by using a card, which meant we had to forage for $35 among us in bills to pay for the drinks. But the main let down was how apathetic and rude the staff was. 

My friend, a girl, got asked to leave for some unjustified reason: I tried to bounce her into some guy I wanted her to flirt with, she missed his target area and landed on the floor instead. I picked her up. We all laughed -- haha, what good times are made of, but then comes swooping down mother b****, the rude security who informed my friend that "baby girl you gotta leave, you're too drunk." We naturally protested, because none of us were drunk and the circumstances had a hilarious explanation. Lady diva security told me, in my adorable pleading for my friend, to shut the [expletive] up -- and became despicably arrogant, surprising us and breaking our good mood. Is it okay to curse at patrons? Of course, we all decided to leave. The experience was bitter because the place had no character to it. 

Fortunately, just across the street to the right is a MUCH better gay club, (4 dance floors!) which we would nearly have missed out on if we weren't ejected from Woody's by gangsta security staff. So the one star in this review is in honor of the good surprises that can come from a bad experience at a trashy gay club known as Woody's.
BARTENDERS STEAL YOUR CREDIT CARD & COMMIT IDENTITY THEFT !!!!!!!!

I was just here with my friends Saturday night and she was the victim of  pre-planned, orchestrated credit card theft. Philadelphia police are now involved and say she was targeted as a straight female. 

The staff knowingly gave her an identical credit card back with her bill that was not hers. She did not notice right away, only to wake up the next morning to have her ENTIRE SAVINGS ACCOUNT DEPLETED. Absolutely horrible that an establishment is taking advantage of their customers to commit this crime. This has resulted in police action and the bar / management has yet to comment on their CRIMINAL employees. 

AVOID AT ALL COSTS unless you want to pursue an identity theft case. Or you can pay in cash and SUPPORT CRIMINALS. 

forced to give one star per Yelp or else this would clearly be in the negatives , so lets account that for the ample britney spears they played that night...
Woody's is a fun time and located right in the city center area.

The downstairs is spacious (90's rock music on the day we come), while the upstairs had two rooms (one was hip hop and the other was EDM).

It's a gay bar but it's so big that it feels just like a big club with themed rooms.

I believe there's a "chill bar" off the main floor but we didn't make time for it. No big deal.

Just pay the $10 entry fee and dance your heart out!
Beware... I have spent over 3 hours on the phone now and have to then head to the DMV and Bank to replace/cancel everything that was stolen along with my wallet from Woodys last night. I chose to post, because I was with multiple friends who said the same thing happened to them or acquaintances within the past year - so there is clearly a pattern and possibly even a setup or "ring" of some sort going on. Dancers and drinkers beware
On February 28, 2019 at appropriately 10:30pm. I had the worst experiences this place. I identify as a 47 year old Black-Gay-Male how is a professional dancer which have visited many places in the world. Last night after attending a theater show in Philadelphia me and my friend (how is a black male lawyer) wanted to grab a quick drink. We went to Woody's but what we found was an extremely unwelcoming place. The doorman spoke to us in such a demeaning manner & very RACISTS. The most disheartening about this experience is that the doorman was also a person of color. First, there was not a crowd of people at the door. Doorman ask us to walk around behind the ropes, and insistent to see our ID, and proceeded to frisk us and look into our bags. After I noticed that the white girl he let in just before us, he never ask her to walk around behind the ropes nor frisk her nor look into her purse. I ask way don't you pat her down. He said; "I don't a sexual harassment allegations". I said: "I could say the same for me". He said "yes you could, but I want let you in". After all if this we grudgingly went in, because my friend was meeting other friends (By the way; who also experienced bigotry). I never felt so adamant to write a negative review until now. This place is RACIST, RACIST, RACIST.
I encourage that any one who do not tolerate this kind of injustice should BOYCOTT this place! I WILL NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE... STAY AWAY!!!!!
-Signed Black World Professional
Their country western dancing upstairs it's pathetic! 

Parking around the location is horrible! Cabs are scarce and public transportation is unreliable! If you illegally parked your car will be there towed or cited by the Philadelphia parking Authority which is ruthless!

You see a lot of straight bachelorette parties occurring here--The bachelorettes once they're sloppy drunk are obnoxious! 

The crowd is very cliquish and mediocre--you won't see many gym rats or physically fit people at this bar! Lots of ParTy guys-- ugh! 

When I was there the bar only accepted cash. There was an ATM but it charges expensive user fees! 

The crowd is somewhat diverse in ethnic make up-- yet, "the white boys" are the gatekeepers--this divides the bar! 

The drinks are "ok"--but you see the same faces in this bar that you do and all the other bars in the area!
Woody's is a fun bar to hit up in the "gayborhood" of Philly. The drinks are strong, the bar is two stories (the upstairs being more of the dance/club part) and the crowd is diverse. The only negative I can say about Woody's is the service. Every time I've been there the bartenders have seemed like they are allergic to making money. I say this because they don't really make their way around the circular bar often enough to ensure that the patrons are able to get a drink. I've been to Woody's with colleagues and friends and each time getting a drink has been a challenge. So I recommend going to Woody's if you wanna dance and have friend with friends, but expect to wait awhile to get a drink.
I don't like when people steal things from me, whether it's my yoga poses, jokes, or foreskin. Speaking of foreskin, some rabbi took mine away on the eighth day of my life, so I came to the City of Brotherly Love to get some back. I figured I should go somewhere that is a sausage fest, so we all gallivanted to Woody's. 

The line to get in was as long as a BBC but there were plenty of dimes to check out in the meantime.

This place got LIT! The music gets as loud as a hooker who you don't pay and run away from. 

I think the drinks were like $8 each? I don't know because some dude paid for mine. I liked being on the other side this time. He was trying to talk more, but then I said, "Hey, I'm going to find my friends, but I'll be right back!" gh

Dancing here is fun.

We took an Uber back home and thankfully my friend didn't throw up. That fucking simp drank too much alcohol.
For such an iconic place like woodys who stands for lgbtq rights given that it's a staple in the gayborhood, it's sad to see how downhill it's gotten. I've witnessed their bouncer call a patron a f*****. Couldn't believe my ears that someone who would work at a place where gay people go to be safe would spew such hateful and demeaning words. Won't ever go back.
I've been coming here for ages -- frequently when I lived here a few years ago, and at least once each and every time I've subsequently visited Philadelphia as a tourist.

On my most recent visit, I was sitting there with a friend, getting him drunk to celebrate his birthday, and they were playing a rather extended version of David Bowie's "Rebel Rebel" which magically turned into Daft Punk's "Rollin' & Scratchin'" and me, being the sentimental retard that I am, seriously I almost began crying, I had to fight back tears... First things first, a few years ago Daft Punk's sophomore album Discovery (from which this song does not come) got me through some hard times -- I remember myself going up to this very same DJ booth and screaming during some god awful Madonna or Britney Spears crap  "PLAY DAFT PUNK!" Secondly, a few years before this Daft Punk's debut album Homework (from which this song does come) got me through some even rougher times... So, basically, the circle was completed -- and boy was it blisteringly loud -- ah, beautiful coincidence and catharsis.

What was I talking about? Oh yeah, I remember -- Woody's, the stink-hole that I adore so much... Downstairs it's pretty much always tragic, and every time I'm upstairs I'm always astonished how the floor hasn't caved in, you can literally feel soft spots through the carpets and when the dance-floor's packed there have been multiple instances where I could swear I felt the floor swaying ever-so-slightly... And more than a few times the bartenders have given me free drinks... And there are really awesome dirt-cheap Happy Hours... And boy oh boy I've spotted some major hotties here-and-there.

It's the kind of place where groups of gays and lesbians and transgenders and even surprising amounts of heterosexuals meet up to hangout and get drunk together -- I've always found the crowd very non-judgmental and laid-back... Basically, I wish this heck hole were a lot closer to my apartment or at least in the same city!
I must say I'm chagrined at the amount of heterosexual females writing reviews.

First, the bar is neighborhoody and quite friendly.  Lots of regulars hang out there, including myself, and the happy hour prices ($3 well drinks) are probably the best in the Gayborhood.  

Second, unlike a lot of the niche bars, Woody's tends to have a diverse, mixed crowd of different races, ages, sizes, shapes, outlooks, experiences, and pocketbooks.  It's why I find it to be the best gay bar here in the city.

The bartenders are all top notch, and if they're just adequate they're great to simply look at.  The gentlemen now running the kitchen, Tommy D., has revamped the menu and has done a fantastic job of it.

I'd simply say that in any gay bar, or bar for that instance, people have bad days, including staff, and that sometimes a bad vibe just comes in with certain customers.  I always give a place a second chance, and I'd urge anyone to do so if they were not satisfied the first time around.

Also, they have probably the best daytime bartender I've met in all my days.
BEWARE: I know several people who've had wallets, handbags and phones stolen. That tells you the type of people that go here. Stay away!
Yet another bad experience! I presented an out of state ID which had no magnetic strip. The rocket scientist/ MENSA member at the door kept still trying to swipe it. He then told me he was going to go with his gut and deny me entry. Yet my friend that I was with walked in without being carded and later on discovered that he didn't have his wallet upon exit of the club and that he had left it at the restaurant we had previously had dinner at. Grossly inconsistent!
Woody's is a staple of Gayboorhood nightlife. The downstairs bar is great for happy hour with some of the best prices in the neighborhood. And when the weather is warm, the glass walls retract transforming the usually dark bar into a neat indoor/outdoor space. 

On weekends, the downstairs bar gets packed and is always a good time, but the club upstairs can be hit or miss. I mostly only bother paying the cover to go upstairs on special occasions - like Halloween or Pride.
I'm 37 and I felt like I was old as shit there. I also don't drink and being around everyone walking around throwing up and spilling their drinks was a mess. The place was dirty the bathrooms were gross.The music was hirable. Felt like a straight rave party for young drunk children. There was no room to move around. The bouncers were rude. I will never go here again. And would not recommend this place to anyone.
I wouldn't have felt right about staying at Sisters all night without letting my wingman have his place in the limelight. So we headed to Woody's an hour before they shut down the dance floor, and sadly we both regretted it. At the last venue we'd both had options on the field and here it was a snobby desert. DJ was fine, spinning tunes without issues while we danced with less enthusiasm. Everyone on the dance floor had their own thing going on-- a mating dance against the wall, a handful of other hags interspersed through the crowd. I tried distancing myself to keep from handicapping my friend, but the stand-offishness continued for him. We ended up protecting each other from an overly pushy bi boy who reeked of desperation and greasy food until the music stopped and the lights came on. Womp womp, dance floor cover wasn't worth it that late in the night.
First time I went to Woody's was when MSTRKRFT was spinning and it was a cool place with shirtless  bartenders.  The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th time I went with my gay friend and it was a cool place with shirtless bartenders.  

Drinks are expensive.  The company, fun.  Potential to meet everyone in the gayborhood, high.  

The first floor is where you go to get drinks and mingle, but if you like to dance your rear-end off, the second floor is THE PLACE to be.  Everyone is uber-friendly and loves dancing.  Downside is that  you have to pay cover to get onto the dance floor.  I kinda just move with the ebb and flow of the place.  Chill out on the first floor, then move up to the 2nd floor bar outside of the dance floor area and chat it up with new friends and finally, pay cover to get onto the dance floor.  Afterwards, everyone heads over to the Midtown diner.  

An all around good time that I can only do about once a month (if even) because too much fun in one night = hangovers the next day.
Not that I've been to loads and loads of them in my life, but Woody's seems to be a gay bar with training wheels. It's got the tee-hee factor with the name, plus dance parties several nights a week with hordes of young, sweaty twenty-somethings grindin' up on the dance floor to Lady Gaga's latest and greatest. 

Personally, I have to be feeling pretty good to not mind being closely surrounded on all sides while in a bar. That is absolutely unavoidable at Woody's on a busy night, so if you're squeamish about tight crowds like me, plan to drink heavily. Drinks are a bit pricey for the size but they're strong so they get points there. 

Go in a group, have some fun, dance it up, but don't expect to be blown away. Well, maybe.
This place used to be a great spot to chill with my gay boyssss.

Now, its a bunch of d-bag heteros, f@g hags and annoying bachelorette party cornball chicks taking up space.

They have a bouncer?!  WTF

The music is still decent and the dance floor can get crowded.

Hey gurlzzz, don't touch my goods unless you're looking to buy.
I always thought Woody's was just the downstairs - I love me some techno and some lights so I was looking forward to coming here to show the GF's bestie a good time around Philly ... but also to get my groove on.

Little did I know - they have an upstairs - and it is banging! A light wall - fog machine - great music - what more do you need? 

I can see myself coming back with just the GF any night just to dance dance dance! I don't know where else you can get great music, great atmosphere for $0 cover.
IMO if dancing makes you feel good you'll love Woody's top floor.
The best sound system in the city is Silk City, but the best no-douchey, no judgement, and overall great time award goes to Woody's. Go on the weekends for the best DJs. Cash only to get upstairs. Pregame.
Who in their right mind pays $20 to just get into a bar at 11:00pm? Probably would have been fun, but not paying that much to just get in. Never thought I would love to a day where straight bars are cheaper and more fun than gay bars.
I prefer Woody's around Happy Hour. The bartenders are cool and I always have great conversations with friends when it is less crowded. I've been a patron of Woody's since 1998. My first time in a gay bar with some friends I worked with in Jersey. A very sexy 33 year old man approached my 18 year old self on the dance floor and proceeded to dance with me. He was hot  by my inexperience. We danced very close and there was a bit of groping. He asked me to come home with him. I said I have to go back with my friends to Jersey. He offered to drive me home the next day. He just wanted to get off. I was like no, but here's my number. There were a few courtesy calls, but he wanted one thing that night. No big deal. 

Woody's has always been a love-hate with me. When planning to go out, I try to go somewhere because I think it tired and played out. After circling the gayborhood, I always end up at Woody's to end the night. Now, under new ownership, Woody's is still the place to be on Wednesdays for the 18 and up crowd upstairs and the chicken hawks downstairs. Thursday is the latin night if you like it a spicy! Friday is your Midtown Village alternative if you do not wish to trek it up to Shampoo for Shaft Fridays. 

Also, now they serve brunch in the cafe which is a nice cozy place for your gay friends to chat about last night's debauchery! So, go Woody's now Go! This establishment will always be a part of every gay in the tri-state area! Long Live Woody's!
Would put negative stars if possible.. my experience at this bar was that bad. My girlfriend and I were about to enter, I was showing my ID to the bouncer and the other bouncer proceeds to ask my NOT PREGNANT gf if she's pregnant. Extremely offensive and something a man should know better than ever saying. We asked his name and he refused to give it as did the other 2 bouncers. We tried to enter and they denied us entrance. Never will spend money at this establishment again and we suggest other people follow suit until this is rectified. No woman should be made to feel the way this man made her feel tonight.
Woody's. It's a very special place. Located in the gayborhood, it's one of philly's main gay bars/clubs. During the weekend, don't expect to be able to move on the main floor. My suggestion is to head back to the Rosewood Room. This is a second bar around the corner that tends to be much less crowded. My friends and I would often come here while we were waiting for the top floor to open. 

Oh yes, did I mention that woody's has a 10$ cover for it's dance floor? However, if you're willing to wait until 1:30, then they waive the cover for the second-floor dance floor and you get to go for FREE! As a college student, I'm not ashamed to say that I often eagerly counted down the minutes to make it upstairs. )just note this only leaves you half an hour, as woody's closes at 2am, as mandated by PA state law. 

When you finally make it up the stairs and hear the music blasting, you'll just be like YAAAAAAAAS. if you're into hip hop, then turn right into the smaller dance room. But if you're like me, follow the voice of Rihanna/Kesha/Brittany/Robyn and behold the whole reason to come to woody's.

The music is amazing. I haven't ever been to a club that comes anywhere close. On top of that, there's great effects. Lights, smoke--everything in time to the music. So many great memories here. I've been here with gay friends, straight girl friends, even a straight guy friend came (hmmm...that's a different story). Anyway, there's a good number of straight couples, but they're in the minority. If you go, you will have a good time. It's not glamorous. This is Philly after all. But it's the best option, and I was happy about it

Not a world-class club. But uniquely philly. Check it out!
ABSLOUTLEY VILE.  If the reviews from all the hetero women don't put you off, the stench of re-used grease to fry food mixing with the stench of the bathrooms will.  Woody's used to be fun - now it's full of drunk straight women who spill drinks and love to go to a gay bar "for a laugh" or even worse - a bachelorette party.  That - mixed with the pickpockets and meth whores is a bad, bad mix.  Stay away.
Here are my issues with a bar that has been a staple of the Philly scene for so many years.

1) Cash only policy is very 1990's; accept credit cards already
2) The DJs play very little relevant music; instead they play almost exclusively hip-hop music to a predominately white and latino crowd that doesn't want to here hip-hop (I am speaking only about the Friday/Saturday nights)
3) Overpriced well drinks are cheaper in most NYC bars; be prepared for a real rip off on the drinks.  I assume this is how they want to re-coup their renovation expenses.

The sad thing is, Woodys is one of the few options for gays in Philly.  It offers much more square footage than most other bars but 'space' is about the only highlight of the place.  This is what happens when one developer owns the majority of the properties - price fixing and just plain ignorance of what customers want.  

For reference, I am basing this review in comparison to similar bars in NYC, Chicago and Dallas - all places I have lived and experienced first hand.  Philadelphia ranks last and it shouldn't.

I will give credit to the two positives I see about the bar:
1) overall friendly wait-staff/bartenders
2) the recent renovation is a very nice improvement

But the cost of the drinks, the generally lousy music and their inability to upgrade their POS machines to the 21st century and accept credit cards is why this bar ranks so low for me.
Meh.  They're still the biggun in Philly.  And you're probably thinking that NYC clubs have spoiled me.  Not so.  

I was going to Woody's and Philly bars well before ones in big cities.  Woody's just isn't my thing.  Even back in the day when they had mostly a gay crowd I didn't like them.  

I've always found them to be overpriced with bad dj's.  They're just outdated.  And now it's more of a mixed crowd and I like it less.  I'm all about mixed crowds...but we have to have some things that are mostly just for our community.
My friends and I came here to celebrate pride and they wouldn't let my friend in because they claimed her ID was fake when it wasn't!! This was her first time celebrating pride since coming out and she was very excited but was denied. They refused to scan her ID and when we asked to speak to a manager they said they were the manager and couldn't do anything about it. This was very upsetting and ruined the night. Woodys needs to have a better system in place when it comes to things like this. Totally not okay!!
Woody's was always the best place in town for a good drink and a great conversation. It was always comfortable and (if not absolutely packed with wall to wall people) you could find a place to sit. However, it did need to be updated. The bar is over thirty years old. Therefore, the renovations were needed. Unfortunately, my excitement to see the new renovations quickly diminished upon entering for the first time since the remodel. 

First of all, I believe this is a gay bar. What is up with the free beer signs on the wall? It cheapens the entire room. I think the Philadelphia crowd is a little more sophisticated and would appreciate a different decor. However, if it is no longer a gay bar then I stand corrected.

The new owners of Woody's did open up the space which was a good idea. However, since they changed the upstairs bar to a mini dance floor, they removed seats for customers to comfortably sit and have a good conversation. In addition, they failed to create more seating in the downstairs main bar. Are the new owners STUPID? Since when do you take a successful bar that could use additional bar space and seats, and do the complete opposite? I guess the one good thing is it will be easier to leave the new Woody's when you can't get a seat because it no longer needs to be packed for all the seats to be taken. It will also be easier to get to the front door since they opened the place up. 

If the new design for Woody's was not the owner's idea, then the person who came up with the new look should be fired. If you hired someone to design the renovations, get your money back. It did not think a designer could do worse than Bobby Trendy the interior designer from the Anna Nicole Show. However, the new owners of Woody's proved it is possible. If it was the new owner's idea, then cut your losses and sell the bar back to Bill Wood. Maybe he can save it before you run the business into the ground.

To make a long story short, this place sucks.

PS. New owners of Woody's - You could not spend money on renovating the bathrooms? After thirty plus years, the bathrooms smell like piss. They smell worse than the second floor men's room at the Bike Stop. At least the Bike Stop has an excuse because it is a biker bar.
Yelp should really remove "Woody's" as a gay bar, from its searches. Now, it is full of drunk straight girls and college bros trying to sleep with them.  If you're looking for a genuine gay bar, you should go elsewhere.
Bad experience with the bouncers and kiosk desk. We arrived at around 930 with a group of 5 who all went into the bar after having our ID's checked at the front. My friend left for a few minutes to drop something off at her car after asking the bouncer if it was okay to leave and com back which he confirmed yes, it was fine. Then- when she tried to come back, they wanted to charge a cover fee because it was now 10:01 and would not let her in even though our whole party was already inside. It's dumb that he wouldn't have warned before she left and they were very rude! 

Dance floor and ambiance are nice but the drinks are waaayyy too expensive to be worth it.
Woody's is Philadelphia's generic gay bar. Strong drinks, shirtless bartenders, booty poppin', Single Ladies on heavy rotation, ect....

Its always cool to stop in at Woody's on a random occasion. There is usually a large crowd after 11pm and weekends are always packed. If you're on the prowl... chances are that the other 60% of the people there are too. Some times its a little over whelming how 'friendly' guys can be, but its to be expected. The upstairs its a great layout, there is an enormous dance floor with two bars on opposite sides. The lighting on the dance floor is really intense, especially at 1:45am and a few drinks under your belt. There is also plenty of seating to sit a few songs out and refuel.

I've been regularly going to the dance party called Snacks. Its easily one of the best dance nights I've been to in the city. The night starts out with drinks specials and ends with everyone dancing to great music until last call. From my experiences, it seems like the clientele is usually younger. Probably some kids with fake IDs floating around.

Woody's is a fun place for everyone and is very welcoming. Yes, if you're looking for trouble at Woody's you'll probably find it.
Woody's is probably the largest gay bar in Philly: it's got three or four different rooms and gets pretty packed at night (you won't miss it with all the people hanging out on the sidewalk). My boyfriend and I went there both nights that we were in town, and had a pretty good time. Lots of friendly people (though a slightly older crowd than at other places) and relatively cheap drinks: always a good combination. They have computers upstairs with free internet access (which I always find a bit weird in a bar... why would one want to come here to spend time online), and I was given a friendly reminder by some random dude at the bar not to give in to the temptation to check my email... "social suicide!", said he. There's also a dance floor upstairs, though you have to pay to get there on the weekend (wtf?!). Good place to mingle with the locals while getting your drink on.
This place has really deteriorated since its heyday.  It used to be a place where gay people of any age could gather and feel comfortable.   Now, you better be under 30 and prepared for a bunch of shrieking straight girls and their boyfriends who do not watch where they are going and walk or dance right into you while bad music is played.   And the bartenders ignore you if they are not your friend already.   This place no longer deserves the reputation it once had as the center of gay nightlife.  In fact, I'd barely even call it a gay bar anymore.
Since the renovation, I would no longer call Woody's a gay bar. I would call it gay-esque. The bar downstairs is great. The large beer selection makes it acceptable for straight men to make a trip to the gayborhood. You also have the option of really strong drinks. Almost too strong. Shh. I didn't say that. 

The upstairs bar has no taps anymore, but is now a dance floor, and it was really fun on a Thursday night. There were a lot of straight people, hence why I think Woody's is now more straight friendly. 

I haven't been to the main dance floor yet or tried the food, but maybe soon. 

Also, make sure you go to the downstairs bathroom. The hand dryers are amazing. Seriously.
btw---does not accept credit cards--- but okay so, i am not gay.......but we decided to check woodys out because there was a DJ that we wanted to see---and it was a girls night---so what could be any better than a gay bar? haha......also it was a lame tuesday night...but by the time we left there, the dance floor was going crazy!! Service was pretty fast for drinks yay.....and everyone was cool and was all about having a good time ! I will definitely be back at some point. Im going to have to try their food asap.....karen f is making me hungry.
Dropped off two tourists friends who wanted to dance... It was 10:30 on Thursday and we were coming from dinner... They showed their INTERNATIONAL drivers license and copy of passport (whoever is used to travelling knows is not safe to carry the actual passport), and the bouncer just told them: No, you cant get in. They called me to pick them up and just go home, but I decided to go to the bouncer and ask him why was he denying them access... He said: Its the law!... I replied: what law?... He mumbled some law and then said, basically, I can deny entrance because they are drunk!!!... I said, they are not drunk because one of them does not drink and the other had just one drink at dinner... Then he said that I may be stupid... 1. Since when Woodys became a place of arrogance and intolerance being a landmark for LGBT community???... 2. Since when a bouncer makes a discriminatory and disrespectful assessment on the spot and brings up a so called law to deny access based on his ignorant perception???... 3. Since when a bouncer has the right to call a client stupid???... Anyhow, not going there ever again and will do everything in my power to prevent friends to do so... The change with new ownership is clear but sad at the same time... Ridiculous however you look at it!!!
Woody's stopped being appealing when I turned 22. 

The craziest night at Woody's tends to be Wednesday - College Night! The Under-21's enter through a side door that leads directly upstairs to the dance floor - which is usually PACKED. I mean sweaty, bumpy, crazy packed. And not just packed with queer kids - there are usually a lot of straight kids too. It's impossible to get a drink, it's impossible to not get spilled on, and it's impossible to find a spot on the dance floor. On the one hand, it's an ego-booster because you're guaranteed to get hit on 5 or 6 times in a night (just because there are so many people there!) ....on the other hand, you may not wanna get hit on by the people you get hit on, and in a sweaty crazy-crowded room there's not too much you can do about it. Go with a big group of friends! Friends make it fun, and friends can be bodyguards too. 

If you are 21 (I was very excited to finally turn 21!) you get to cross the dance floor and go down the other staircase that leads to the bar downstairs. But sadly, the bar's not that much fun. Usually pretty empty, or even if it's full, not too friendly. 

Overall, I have three things to say about Wednsday at Woody's: I wish it were gayer, I wish it were less like a frat party, and I wish it were less sketchy. (Although when I'm over 21 and surrounded by sweaty college kids, I feel pretty sketchy myself!)
Idiot Door Man!

While visiting Philadelphia this past week we made the obligatory stop at Woody's.  When entering I was asked to produce my ID, being nearly 50 I was honoured.  I showed my British Columbia, Canada's driver's licence. Let me start by stating I'm a US citizen who lives as a Permanent Resident in Canada.  With great scrutiny the doorman poured over it and said "do you have your passport with you?"  I asked why and he told me he's allowed to ask for additional identification.  I produced my US Government issued NEXUS card.  "What's this?" "It's a NEXUS card? It's issued by US Customs and Border Protection to US & Canadian citizens who are identified as low risk travelers. It identifies my gender, DOB, and has a photo.  It allows me to travel back and forth across the border without hindrance."  "That's not an acceptable form of ID" I was told.  So then I produced my US Passport Card (credit card sized RF'd used for land and sea crossings).  "What's this?"  I said "It's my passport." I said.  "This isn't a passport" said the door man. "Are you kidding me? You've asked me for ID I've given you 3 pieces of Government issued IDs (two issued by Uncle Sam) and you're still not convinced I am who I am oh and I'm nearly 50."

Woody's Management - Try educating your staff on acceptable forms of Government Issued ID's.  Furthermore try and train them on customer service while you're at it. 

Inside I found the club filled with teenagers lots of parties of girls and their overly effeminate gay friends.   I was amazed at how this place went downhill.  We did one pass through of the bar and left.
Woodys is always  bettter when you are with a gay or ( two) .

I've been here quite a few times over the past decade and can say that the service is very much based on who ya wit! 

I live for battle dancing with a queen or two, pretty solid beers and drinks.

Anytime some says woodys I say le-go ( as long as our gays are in tow)
The staff (except the bartenders) are ignorant and awful. Security takes advantage of their power. I was physically assaulted for following someone that walked out an exit and then I was told it wasn't an exit. DON'T TOUCH CUSTOMERS!! Didn't realize i had to make it clear?? I apologized and explained that I was just following someone that JUST left that same exit and she was such a fucking bitch. And another employee let me leave (thank god for him) Another instance in the same night, my boyfriend and I were looking for our coats. They were on a ledge where the customers are supposed to leave their coats (there was a curtain behind that). When we were leaving we found that our coats were pushed over the ledge and behind the curtain. For LITERALLY ONE (1) SECOND my boyfriend jumped up on the ledge to find our coats that were pushed behind the curtain and then got screamed at for trying to find our own coats. I get that at a bar/club you're not supposed to climb on things, but when things aren't visible in sight and behind a curtain it's kind of hard to find those things. I honestly think they are racist and homophobic but that's just my opinion. It's not my fault you're 35 years old and and bouncer at a "gay" bar.
The bartenders here are the WORST!!!  If this bar is the best that Philadelphia can do, then it's time to find another city.  Avoid this overhyped dump at all costs.

You Have Been Warned!
Pretty ok place! I was a bit disappointed we could not go upstairs because of the cover, but we enjoyed our time downstairs. It's a big place and there are multiple rooms, and there was one with a DJ! The DJ played ok tunes, it was mainly hip-hop.Our group had a good time, but there was nothing exceptional.
This bar is supposedly gay bar but you guys have straight male security guards following lesbians into the bathroom .  Your male security guards are very creepy and rapey. You guys need to make sure it is safe for females at your establishment . You guys need more female security, especially in the bathroom area . If you don't believe me, check your cameras . Next time I will contact the police and file for sexual harassment .
So a little transparency here... when my husband and I walked into this bar.. we had no idea it was a gay bar. Just happen to stumble into it as this was like our 4th or 5th location of the night.. But we LOVED it! There was a little bit of a line when we first got there... and we were there pretty early on a Saturday Night.. i think around 9. IDs checked and got a little pat down.. and then went inside.

Ambience inside was a chill type vibe. Clean and very open, like even if it were crowded, I wouldn't feel too cramped. Dark but with good lighting. Enough to be able to see the menu. Music was great and not too loud. You can still hold a conversation or enjoy the music and dance or sing along. We sat at the bar and they had a number of beers on tap, lots of options for hard liquor to make cocktails and also bar food like chicken tenders, hot dogs, tator tots etc, enough to get your munchies on to soak up all the alcohol. Word has it the food is AWESOME, so go check it out. 

So the funny thing that I enjoyed the most about this bar was the music and the music videos that were playing on TVs at the bar. It brought me back to the 90s when TRL request Live was the thing on MTV and you watched all your favorite music videos! I could sit there all night just sippin some drinks and watching the music videos lol. Great place to chill but also lots of room for dancing too! Great crowd of people and even greater bartenders to be with at this place! Will definitely be back!
I wasn't impressed with the new change in cover. People (we all) already spend a lot of money here and having to pay a more just to get in isn't necessary and it is taking advantage of your customers. Furthermore, you can even notice the significantly decreased number of people since the management started implementing the cover. I am having friends coming into town to visit over the next few weeks and now I know we are not going here!
Serbian bartender is the rudest person I've ever met, asking me questions such as "how much did you pay for this drink? It's on special" and "if I go to your workplace and complain, I get things for free? That's what you want? A free drink?" when I was questioning him about the amount of booze in my drink (my 100% sober friend who had just got there couldn't taste any alcohol). Intolerable. Dance floor upstairs is packed and the music is terrible. Also, the restrooms are ridiculously small.
Something about Woody's makes my ADD go off.  For some reason, I can't stay here for more than a half hour.

I can't quite put my finger on it.  After all, Woody's is an awesome bar.  It's right smack dab in the middle of the 13th St strip, and all roads seem to lead there.  It was renovated back in 2011, and the dingy old Woody's of the past has been replaced with a modern (but rustic) space, with lots of woods and red brick and flat-screen TVs playing Kylie videos on endless repeat.

The drinks are certainly amazing.  It's mostly a beer bar nowadays, but their gin and sodas are the strongest in Philadelphia.  The bartenders are some of the friendliest dudes in town -- all smiles, all the time.  Cash only, but the prices are very reasonable.

Even the food is first-rate.  Woody's hot sandwiches are delicious (especially the roast beef and meatball subs) -- although they're a total mess to eat.  But if you're looking for greasy goodness to sop up the booze, you can't go wrong.

Oh, I think I figured out that mystery ADD trigger... After the critical 30 min mark, I always notice how unpleasantly cruisy it is.  Sometimes I just want to sit back with friends *without* being leered at by geriatric men in too-tight tank-tops.  (Keep that shizz on Grindr, please.)

That said, I'll be back to Woody's for sure.  It's an institution!
Woody's has one of the best dancefloors in the city, and the recent change of ownership has brought a new energy to the place.  There is a friendly vibe, and you can really find anything  you want.  The pub and main bars are for drinking and chatting, or you can Yelp at one of the computers upstairs in the cyber bar!  For picky drinkers, stick with the lower level bars - the more "veteran" bartenders work down there - they know how to make anything!  Plus you can order yummy bar food too - we all know what happens after a few strong drinks on an empty stomach!

As far as the dance bar goes, there is a latin night, country/western night, and 18+ night.  Fridays and Saturdays are packed with locals and tourists alike, and HOT strippers!

Enjoy!
I had a great time 
Here with my gay AND straight friends
Good music-good drinks
As said by many reviewers below, the bouncers in this place are inept bullies and not fit to be dealing with customers. I was standing yesterday on the sidewalk, not a client of them but a resident of Philadelphia, *outside* the little fence they erect on their whim to spillover onto the sidewalk, when one of the bullies approached me and asked me to move onto the street - as in, where the cars drive. I had been here before but had no intention of going in - the stench of vomit is distinctive. I was waiting for a friend to come out. 
The other bouncer appears and yelps "my man what's the problem", gesticulating towards me.  more incredulous than anything else I tell him, genuinely, there IS no problem because I'm standing on the public sidewalk, the one people walk on every day. He replies that I have to move because Woody's owns (sic) the sidewalk ... !?!? up until the end of the locale? I try to explain to him that he was being ridiculous, that the city owns the sidewalk, which is public by definition, and he insists that the club owns that space. He was getting increasingly agitated as his bullying sidekick egged him on from behind telling him to tell me to go right onto the street. I left as they sniggered and mumbled to each other.
This is borderline illegal behaviour, and I'm not even referring to the bullying.
Prior to last Friday night (4.8.16), my wife and I had been to Woody's on a couple of occasions to go line dancing, and both times, we had a positive experience. 
This time was a little different, as we'd be bringing people with us, one of whom had never before been to a gay club. 
Well, I have to say - it definitely, much like our previous visits, we were not disappointed. 

I'll start with the DJs not only did they play great music, but they were very much in control of their floor and enforced dance etiquette, something that is severely lacking in too many line dance places.

The layout - the main floor is relatively small, but the overall configuration provides lots of - I'll say - foul territory so that if you want to try and practice the moves off to the side, where you have a bit more room, you can do that comfortably. And while there are relatively few stools and tables, that's fine. There is plenty of other seating around. 

The people - this was the best part, in my opinion. Perhaps it's the fact that we were there in a line dance night, or because it was relatively early, but it all added up to an atmosphere that was pretty chill and very welcoming. It didn't hurt that the ladies I brought with me are all very good dancers, something that didn't escape the notice of the DJS and the other patrons. It created a nice little bond between our group and the rest of the crowd. 

Other - As I mentioned before, for our one friend, it was the first time she had ever been to a gay establishment, and Woody's provided a great introduction and was the perfect example of what a nice night out should be. It was even nice that there is a very good way of telling when line dancing ends and - whatever follows it begins, so we knew exactly to move on to the next part of our evening. 
We'll be back again, and we'll bring some more first-timers...
$30 and attitude for 2 beers and 2 shots at happy hour. Maybe....if they took credit card and had air conditioning. But they don't. I won't go back.
A little overwhelming when I first arrived.... But was quickly told that if I paid $10 for the upstairs section I could get in free across the street @ Vouyer Night Club. Waited in a short line and paid the $10. The upstairs area was the place to be. Crowded but just enough space to move around. The music was excellent a little bit of 90's mixed in with today's Hip Hop/ R&B. I got a Ciroc mixed drink for $12. I was a little skeptical because of the price but it comes in a large cup. Definitely will visit this place again!
Would you like a dance party with the perfect blend of dance music, hype atmosphere, and strong drinks? Would you like to actually dance with strangers and not be groped? 

I loved this place, it really took me by surprise. Some miscellaneous things: individual bathrooms are fairly clean, there is a downstairs area to chill without cover, the cover for the upstairs dance party is $10, bartenders are shirtless (yum), and its mainly gay men but they are all so sweet. I can't wait to go back.
Whenever I'm at Woody's it always seems to be either a pleasantly awkward experience or a pleasantly awkward experience that I'm too drunk to remember.

The downstairs bar seems to pull a slightly older, less dance-y crowd on busy nights. Of course, this comes with men old enough to be my grandfather doing their fair share of ass-grabbing and eye-making at the younger patrons. Upstairs can get packed but usually not intolerable, since the dance floor pulls a large crowd. I've never had a problem getting a drink at any of the bars here -- the bartenders are always on top of their game. The drinks are the strongest I've ever had -- which can be both good and bad. I certainly feel like I'm getting my money's worth, since I've paid between $7 and $8 for a well drink here. Certainly not easy on the wallet -- also, they only take cash, like our friend Tavern on Camac. Thankfully, they have an ATM that might very well need a hand crank to operate it downstairs for your convenience.

The dance floor is really only packed on Wednesdays and weekend nights. Wednesdays are "college night" so the dance floor is filled with 18-20 year olds and the men who love them. It's no shock that you have to be drunk before you get to the dance floor -- underage kids drink before they get there, and the 21+ crowd makes sure they're good and liquored-up before they leave the bar area. It's really the only way to tollerate the crowd.

The go-go boys are nice eye-candy, but have that "oh come on now" quality to them...awkward dancing, stuffed thongs and most of them are clearly straight and cringing at the naive drunk guys trying to take them home. A bit skeevy, too - I once experienced a go-go dancer in the crowded bathroom offer a flash of his junk to anyone willing to tip him $20...I know you gotta' make that money, boo, but really?!

My suggestion is get drunk someplace cheaper first, then go so plastered you won't care who's dancing with you. 

Also, I've never eaten at the restaurant. Quite frankly, the last thing I want to think about while eating is the debauchery that goes on elsewhere in the building.
Who knew Woody's had a fabulous brunch?!!

After enjoying some tasty bar snacks at a recent bar crawl...blake f and I decided to check out brunch on Sunday...and were NOT disappointed.  The homemade bloody mary's were some of the best I've had, perfect amount of spiciness, countered by the coolness of cucumber vodka...I'm hooked!

We had a veggie frittata and the french toast.  The frittata was light and fluffy with fresh spinach and roasted tomatoes, DELICIOUS!  The french toast was floating in yummy grand marnier infused maple syrup and was SOOO good.  Both entrees came with thin sliced breakfast potatoes and fresh fruit.  A TON of food for a great price.  

Thanks Tommy D. for cooking up a mean brunch!
Out of the comfort zone but a great place to have some fun.  This is not a place myself and my wife would normally frequent but as it has some of the best dancing and thats what she wanted to do.  Friday night the drinks were flowing and she wanted to dance.  Yelp said this was the best place and they weren't wrong.  Good crowd.  Great DJ.  Lots of fun.
This is the place "everyone" goes to just because "everyone" goes there. That said, I have had a few drinks here over the years but lately the place seems to be on a decline. The remodel is nice making the space more open and pub-like but it is pretty dark. On my last visit I had a bourbon and ginger - it was mostly ginger ale.

The bartender was more interested in his cell phone and then his what I suspect was girlfriend by the attention he paid to her.  

Back in the day Woody's was a great place with strong rinks, decent bar staff who could remember what you drank and a mixed crowd. The Weiss brothers "magic" seems to have destroyed that.
I went to Woody's last night and was denied entry because my real ID was accused of being a fake (even though I had been there the night before and gotten in with the exact same ID). The reason why my ID appeared fake was because previously at Voyeur (a sister company of Woody's) they thought my ID was fake and bent it so severely that my ID is permanently bent. At Woody's, they told me the lamination bubbled when they bent it, which is a sign of a fake. It probably bubbles because it was literally bent in half at Voyeur! However, at least at Voyeur, they eventually went to scan my ID and let me in for free. At Woody's, they refused to scan it or accept the other forms of ID I had on me. Why I would have a fake that has the "not 21 until" line on it makes no sense, and typically fake IDs list you as being several years over 21, whereas I am 22 so that is obviously what my ID says. I was able to tell them my address, name, etc. multiple times. I had credit cards, my student ID, my social security card, and a picture of my passport on me, but none of those were good enough. The bouncer (and apparently manager??) said I had to physically bring my passport if I wanted to be let in. So I did! I went all the way back home and brought my passport (which probably wasn't worth it but it was Pride and I wanted to celebrate!). I was able to skip the line but I still had to pay the $15 cover. Thanks for basically ruining our night and forcing me to have to pay for a new ID when my current one doesn't expire for several more years! I don't know why an ID from an adjacent state (Ohio) causes so many problems at only these two bars - I am never accused of having a fake anywhere else. Get it together!
Meh.  

When I first moved here, this was my regular spot...because, I mean, is Woody's...where else would I go?  In the nine months since, I have moved on to better things.  ICandy has better/cheaper drinks, friendlier bartenders, and just as good of a dancefloor.  Westbury has a better/cheaper beer selection.

Haven't been here in a few months now.  With so many better bars in the area, there's just no reason to go here.
Gay line dancing. A lot of lesbian groups, too. Had the feeling of a college pickup bar.They had the window panes out on a cold evening. We had the same experience as Kurt H. with the tables being taken away "in case it got busy"  The drinks are strong and tasty. For the downstairs area, they give the general impression that they want you to come, spend some money, then move along to another place.
I finally decided to go to woodys this weekend! So I came here on a Saturday night with some friends! The music to start with is REALLY good! I love the songs selections and downstairs there was two DJ's with two different styles which was pretty cool! Then we went upstairs to dance, there was a 10 dollars cover charge so I was hoping it is THAT good. Really good music and even if you're sober you would dance to it!
I have rarely felt more girlish delight in my life than when I stuffed a single down some sweaty gyrating man's boxer-briefs, giggled, then ran away to dance to Gaga.

Bring cash.
"We're Gonna Party (Unironically) Like It's 199(0)"

The name alone - Woody's - is your first clue. Like other entertainment venues of its ilk, Woody's lives and thrives unashamedly in the era of T.G.I. Friday's bar-with-an apostrophe 's'. So, don't be surprised when you step through the lavish rainbow sails and find yourself inside what is every lick an early 90s lolly. 

Upon entry I noticed that all heads were fixated 'video bar'-style on each of four corners, where teeny 19"-ish monitors treated the crowd to an unambitious and wholly undiscoverable "club" music mix that frankly is only known to these very type of TV monitors, and only in gay bars. (Of the Kristine W. variety, only even less well known.) Twenty years of personal research confirms this.

Next up: The bold appearance of that indescribably specific lesbian hairstyle. It was everywhere, showing its shagged self on head after head after strong-shouldered, feathery lady-head. 

An hour in: the music videos stopped, and out popped that Sony INSERT A DVD blue screen that made the moment feel ... so unsmooth. Like having to stop your make-out session to change the CD. Soon enough however some fresh-faced bartender rushed beyond the EMPLOYEES ONLY door (where of course I was leaning) ... and within moments the screens were alight with another weird, unheard-of popstress video. We were back in business.

Two hours in: a neck ringed in puka shells (?!); a dude with a shirt that said "Bay Area" (that would sort of be like a shirt that said "Tri-State Area" or "Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington MSA"); and an ambitious older gentleman who kept appearing wherever I happened to be.

Three hours in: a moment's canoodle. It was innocent, y'all.

The only thing missing was a bit of C&C Music Factory. Everybody, everybody -- that would have made my hallucination complete.

When you go, seek out the dark and handsome bartender with that romance-novel cover look -- he's a doll, and he mixed me several perfect (and strrrong) drinks. At $10 a pop (I went top shelf), I was most appreciative.

Now, before I disappoint: I cannot report on the dance floor. I understand it's a critical part of the Woody's experience; I just wasn't feelin' the beat. And anyway, let's count our blessings: because middle-aged trolls such as myself have NO BUSINESS appearing on or around dance floors - or frankly, on or around any scene that begins one or more hours after Denny's Early Bird Special. I leave this important task to younger generations. 

Kids of 2010: I bestow upon you all that made the early 90s great: my storied glow stick, ripped jeans, and beautiful freedom ring necklace in all the colors of the titanium rainbow. Get out there and make me proud.
