World Cafe Live is an awesome music venue located in University City. The sound quality is excellent and the artists who play here are all unique. Because of their partnership with the radio station WXPN, the musical acts are held to a certain caliber and perhaps not as well known to the masses.  

All shows are general admission and buying tickets in person will save you in fees although their tickets seem to be fairly reasonably priced, comparatively speaking. If you're an XPN member for around $4-$6 a month you'll save even more on tickets! 

I've attended many shows here upstairs which is longer, more narrow space, and where they hold the radio station's weekly 'Free at Noon' broadcast. If you're not familiar with this, they offer a limited number of FREE tickets to various performances that are broadcasted live from the venue almost every Friday at noon. Tickets are available on the website. These shows are awesome and again....FREE! 

I've also attended many shows and kids' dancing events downstairs which is a much larger space with a wide stage, a handicap accessible section, a balcony, and has a large bar at the back. Tasty bites, pretty great brews (bottles and drafts) and cocktails are available during shows. More reasonably priced than most bigger name venues too. Although this space is larger than upstairs it's still very intimate and a truly great place to see a show! Shorter folks get there early for a spot upfront. 

Many neat murals line in the walls in this more artsy venue. 

Overall the space including the restrooms are very clean and very well maintained. 

Staff is always friendly and helpful. 

Lot parking prices are remarkably lower than most in the city, but I personally usually Uber it here. WCL is also easy to get to via public transportation. 

They also host wedding, Bat/Bar-Mitzvahs and other events here, but the cost is pretty pricey.

If you have a chance to see a show here...GO! It's a refreshing music scene experience.
My brother played a show downstairs at WCL and I have never been to a better venue to see him.  The sound and stage were great.  We went right for the bar and found they had a small but decent selection of beer.  It was a little pricier than I expected, but not out of this world.  The bartender was super friendly.

WCL is perfect for music lovers of all ages.  If you are young and need to be up front to dance and get crazy, there is room for you.  If you have seen enough bands at this point and just want to enjoy the show from your table while eating dinner, there is room for you.  If you don't want to bother with the crowds and want to just hang out in your seat in the balcony, there is room for you.  There is no reason not to see a show here.  Even the parking was a breeze.

I look forward to many more shows here in the future.
I have this theory. 

The theory is, that in any given nuclear family, there is a finite amount of talent, to be had. The fact that my sister is a genius and good at everything supports this. Consider Matt and Kevin Dillon, Sylvester and Frank Stallone and Eddie and Charlie Murphy , and you understand what I'm saying. Sure, you get the occasional anomaly like the Williams sisters or the Mannings' but for every family like that, there is one with zero talent, like Ashley and Jessica Simpson. 

My theory doesn't bode well, for our friend Michael W. I recently went to World Cafe Live to see Brian Aglira And Michael's brother Scott play a show, and they were fantastic. From southern Rock cover tunes, to blues to original material on a number of different instruments, these guys were musically on point. 

Seems Ive forgiven WCL, for a previous transgression against me. Years ago, in the early aughts, a younger, more streamlined version of myself, tried to get a job here, when it first opened. Needless to say, I wasn't cool enough to score employment at such a hip establishment, so I hightailed it out of the city, never to return. 

Until now... 

My loss. WCL is a wonderful music venue. Very intimate with great acoustics. You have to love a venue, where you can see the stage from the bar, or be able to have pork chops brought to you as you rock out. 

I didn't eat anything , but it looked good and smelled better and I made a note to come back for a meal , in the near future. The beer selections didn't wow me, but this wasn't the reason i came anyway. 

I recommend both seeing a show at WCL and checking out Scott and Brian, whether they are playing together or solo (your best bet would be in the West Chester area). And don't feel too bad for our buddy Michael. If my theory of family talent is correct, Michael may not be able to sing Happy Birthday, but Scott must not be able to string a comprehensive sentence together to save his life.
This review is for the Victory Beer Dinner on 11/17/09.

I purchased tickets to this event on the recommendation of a friend who attended one of Victory's prior beer dinners.  My friend and I arrived slightly before the start time and we were instructed to sit anywhere.  The two tops were all taken so we nabbed a four top and prayed for no whammies.  Luckily, the musician of the evening and his buddy asked to join us, so we were in good company.

The first course was crab and arugula, and I expected a salad with some crab meat on top.  What we got was a bowl full of crab in a delicious lemon wine sauce, and a smattering of arugula in the center.  It was a very promising start to the meal.  The Helios Ale, which was introduced that night, was the perfect pairing.  Actually, all of the beers were perfectly paired with their courses, to be honest.

Next up was prosciutto wrapped shrimp over jicama slaw.  Total letdown.  I was expecting the shrimp to be warm and the slaw to be room temp to cool, but everything was chilled and it made for a slimy texture.  The sauces on top of the dish looked like tubes of ketchup and mustard (they were actually barbecue sauce and gouda aioli), and the overall effect was not appetizing.  I focused on the beer during this round, Moonglow Weizenbock.

The third course was a very generous filet mignon with lobster mash and grilled asparagus.  This hunk of meat was no joke, and I ate less than half to conserve some room for the final two courses.  No complaints with this dish, which was served with Victory's Festbier.

There was a very timely break at this point, which gave our new musician friend some time to catch up on the courses that he missed while entertaining the crowd.  The conversation was flowing in all directions; most likely do to the happy buzz from beers that ranged from 5.6% to 8.7% ABV.  

For the fourth course: carmelized scallops and roasted sweet potatoes.  This was easily my favorite of the night.  I'm very choosy about scallops and tend to either love them or leave them, but these were right on the money.  They were perfectly prepared and the yammies were surprisingly complimentary.  Who knew?!  Baltic Thunder was the pairing.

At this point, I was ready to haul ass straight to bed but there was still another round left.  We were introduced to the brand new Yakima Twilight beer, which went along with a molten chocolate cake that was okay but dismissible.  

Throughout the evening, service was fantastic and the event flowed seamlessly.  The chef made appearances to talk about the menu and a very gracious Victory rep thanked the crowd for attending.  I'd require little to no convincing to attend another event like this... although I will need some major cardio sessions to counteract the damage.
I LOVE World Cafe Live as an event space, so I'm keeping my rating at a four... but if I was rating the food I had the other night at an event, I'd probably go with a three- or even two-star rating.  

Sweet potato fries were limp and had some sort of sugary coating that I thought made them way too sweet. The spicy dipping sauce was pretty nice, but not enough to counter the sweetness of the fries. 

I ordered a sesame-crusted ahi tuna salad with wonton strips, cashews and sesame ginger vinaigrette. I expected a lush, healthy-looking salad. Sadly, I missed the part that said the romaine would be grilled. My salad looked pretty lame with a couple shrunken stalks of lettuce and two hunks of tuna, plus a smattering of toppings rolling around the plate. The taste was on par with the appearance. A little soy on the side to dip the tuna or some kind of wasabi sauce could have made it better, but I was definitely disappointed. 

I'm going back for another event this weekend, and I probably won't be going in hungry.
Still Love World Cafe Live!  I attended a show in the downstairs space and the acoustics are still fantastic!  The service from the staff has remained consistently good!  

I always feel confident when I purchase tickets for a show because I know it will be a great experience!
I went here a few weeks ago to see Son Volt. I entered from the street side/basement area so I saw the panoply of records that was put together as a display on the wall of the entranceway. Since I purchased my tickets last minute I had to go upstairs and pick them up. Once I managed that I had a chance to look around. The space is well decorated with radio and music paraphernalia. The upstairs lounge looked like it would be cool to hang out and catch a show.

I made my way downstairs to the main venue. The downstairs area was well decorated and tastefully lighted. After being in some real music dives(cough cough, Starlight, cough cough) it was nice to be somewhere that was clean. The bar was also very nice and had a nice wood top. I ended up just getting some water, since I was feeling a tad verklempt. The waitress didn't bat an eye and promptly served me water. I left a nice tip for her, which also helped me get water promptly the rest of the night. That's a good lesson to learn for the younger Yelpers. If you tip well initially, you'll get good service later on. 

The sound was pretty good, though they did have some problems early on in the show balancing the instruments with the vocalist. Later on things improved and the rest of the show sounded good. The crowd was a good mix of ages, but everyone seemed to be there for the music, ie. No chatty posers. However that seemed to be confined to the back area where I was standing. I heard from some guys that were up closer to the stage that there were some "Gee I've heard of these guys, I'll go so I can say I went and saw Son Volt" type of people yakking away during the show.  

The bathrooms were immaculate. That doesn't seem like a big deal until you've been to the the Starlight or other venues where they have Trainspotting type bathrooms.

The people running the show were very nice and helpful as to getting tickets, taking your tickets and directing you to where you need to go. No sulking, no sullen faces, no ignoring you, no combativeness or frisking. 

In summary: Good music, good sound, good bar service, reasonably priced tickets. I'll be back.
Brief review:
There's so much happening every night at World Cafe Live "WCL". So, go, and you'll have fun, fun, fun! 
End of review!

More extensive review:
I've been at World Cafe Live "WCL" couple times, over the years, to catch few great bands. 
I couldn't resist but go to a belly dance spectacular with ANIMUS back in 2014. It was my first event at WCL, and it was spectacular. Last Friday, I attended the10th anniversary tribute to Amy Winehouse:Back to Black. Needless to say ... just marvelous.
- Cost: You'll get your entertainment tickets for a steal. Tickets usually run between $8-$22.
- Ambiance: Terrific, lively and sophisticated.
- Service: Friendly and kinda attentive.
- Location: Conveniently located on Walnut Street,  just one block from 30th Street Station, and easily accessible by SEPTA. 
- Parking: Limited street parking, and three parking lots are available.
- Layout: Multi-level venue. Upstairs (full service lunch & dinner café) and Downstairs (music hall with limited bar food).
Pro Tip: If you are planning to sit back and eat, consider mezzanine seating rather than standing general admission. 
- Tickets: Upstairs reservation and/or downstairs advance purchase is highly recommended as some performances tend to sold out.
- Food: O.K! Considerably. You have to try the eggplant fries. 

Fun music spot.
Four Yelps.
Overall I'm going to have to drop World Cafe down a few notches. While I still get an uncanny amount of enjoyment out of it, and look forward to seeing Chairlift play Free At Noon on Friday, overall I just find the flow between upstairs and down to be a little too inconsistent.

It definitely brings in a good share of touring bands, and it has a good amount of love for the locals. But I just feel that there are times where it doesn't bring in enough diversity with what it brings in, touring or otherwise. And when you think about it for a place called "World Cafe", there isn't a whole lot of world music going on inside it on a monthly basis.

When a touring band plays downstairs ticket prices can border on the astronomical sometimes. Seeing a band like Devotchka there ran $35-40, and that's without the $4-9 processing fee (only $1 if you pay in cash at the box office), or the $10 minimum for food that you have to purchase for reserved seats. And when you look at it sitting at a dinner table towards the front of the stage can kind of suck when your trying to get into the vibe of a show! and the fact that they don't run World Cafe's awesome happy hour deal downstairs more than blows!

Monica summed up upstairs perfectly. The shows would be tolerable to get into if it wasn't talk city when the majority of the bands played. And the fact that the sound just isn't as good as it is downstairs doesn't help.

But as said above, many flaws up and down all around aside, World Cafe Live can still be a great and unique spot to go for music in Philadelphia. Or for just eggplant fries and a beer during happy hour. And maybe I'll see you at the free show on Friday (if you can manage to swing it at noon)!
Two items I have to consider before going to World Cafe for an evening:  

1.  Money.  The experience is not inexpensive.  A ticket for a show may be reasonably priced, but the food and beverages are expensive (compared with portion sizes.)   

2.  Have something small to eat beforehand, or just plan to have dinner elsewhere and not get the dinner seats.     The menu is plain; not a whole lot to choose from, and what is there is not always great.   For instance, on one visit I decided to get the chicken caesar salad over the pulled pork sandwich (healthier choice prevailed), and it was the size of a side salad and didn't even have that much on it except for lettuce.  For $14, it was disappointing.

That said, the performing/event space is remarkable, and the sound is great.  Class all the way, through and through.

If you have dinner seating for a show, be prepared to sit with strangers!  My advice is not to worry about the people seated around you.  You may want to get up and dance while your neighbors are sitting and having a chill night chatting it up.  Don't be afraid to excuse yourself and find yourself some space up by the bar and dance or move around!  

The shows don't go too long - evening concerts will end around 10pm or earlier, leaving you plenty of time to get to your next destination - whether that's home or out somewhere else fun.

Or to find more food, per the above!
I've seen some amazing live shows here (including their "Peanut Butter and Jams" kids concert series...don't laugh...I may be a mom but I can still bust you up if I have to  :) and last night I had the chance to dine here for the first time.

I attended the "Wines of the French Mediterranean" dinner and goodness me - I'm still full the next day. It was seven courses of pure, unadulterated gluttony that included pairings of some spectacular wine with great dishes like grilled farm raised chicken breast, PEI mussels, a gorgeous cheese plate and, to wrap it all up, pears in puff pastry served with lavender creme. W.O.W.

We were also treated to a lecture by wine expert Joseph Brandolo about each specific wine, where they came from and why they pair perfectly with each dish. So it was culinary edu-tainment at its best.

Service was great and of course, it's gorgeous inside. They do wine/food pairings each month, so I'll be back for next month's BBQ dinner for sure. (Can you think of a cooler combination?)
I've been to World Café Live many times,  both upstairs and downstairs. Upstairs is a restaurant with a stage for lesser known acts to perform. Some of the tables are raised up for better sightlines. The sound quality is always outstanding. But the food is mediocre. Don't come to the restaurant just to have dinner. If you come for the music you will have a great time and you won't notice that the food needs improvement.

Downstairs is more of a traditional concert venue, for more well known acts, which can be set up in various ways. The show could be all table seating, all standing room only with only seats at the bar, or some mix of standing and seating. Any time there is table seating you can also order food. The sound quality is always perfect and you will generally have a good view of the action. For an extra fee you can sit in the balcony, which guarantees a good view and also has a separate area for eating and a separate bathroom. The food is mediocre, just like upstairs.

I can't give this place 5 stars because of the food. When it first opened, they had a contract with Tommy Gunns for Pulled Pork sandwiches, which were awesome. But when Tommy Gunns went out of business that was the end of awesome food at World Café. But I love going to concerts here. It's the best place in Philly to see a concert. Plus, the ticket prices are always reasonable in an era in which concert ticket prices are spiraling out of control. I hope that at some point someone will step up in the kitchen and make this place a true 5 star destination.
I have never been disapointed at the World Cafe. Whether I'm grabbing drinks and apps during their fabulous happy hours ( can't beat $3 glasses of wine and $1 apps!) or watching an amazing show downstairs for no more than $20 ( just saw the hotel cafe tour this past Friday, one of the best shows I've seen there!) . The venue is clean (including the bathrooms which is major!). Parking is free !!!! Another great thing to do is the free at noons. XPN runs this but to see a great act such as Damien Rice for free is awesome! World Cafe is by far my favorite venue to see a show in the city!
Fantastic venue! I saw Book of Love here with my friend Todd, and we had a blast! I'm not an audiophile and sound here is quite excellent for me. This place is quite spacious inside, and we were allowed to go down from the mezzanine. The bar in the show hall has a good selection of libation and food. There is no better place to see a live band in Philly. Classic and intimate!
I went to World Cafe Live for the first time on Saturday for a concert downstairs. There was a simultaneous concert happening upstairs in the restaurant area. 

My friend and I made dinner reservations at 6:45 thinking it would be plenty of time to eat before the 8:00 show. However, the service was extremely slow. We had to get up and flag the waitress down for the check making us a little late for the show. Luckily there was an opener, so we didn't miss the band we came for. 

I didn't have high expectations for the food, however, it was delicious. We started with the broccoli and Gouda bites. They were perfectly fried on the outside, gooey on the inside, and served piping hot with a side of paprika dipping sauce.

For the entree, we both opted for the honey Sriracha fried chicken sandwich. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on inside. It was lightly coated in sauce (not drenched) which gave it the perfect kick, but was not overwhelmingly spicy. The chicken was served on a Hawaiian roll which was a nice alternative to the basic. (Note: Gluten free buns were available). I upgraded my side to eggplant fries, which were served with a horseradish ranch. I enjoyed everything I ordered and am looking forward to coming back for happy hour which is Mon-Sun 5-6:30 for drink and food specials.

The downstairs venue was small. There was a pit area and a raised back area with the bar. We opted to stand by the bar and had a great view even in the back. Getting drinks was quick and efficient though you had to show an armband per drink. The bathrooms were nearby, stocked, and clean. There was a coat check down the hall $1 per coat. 

I will make a point to keep an eye out for artists coming to World Cafe Live and am excited for my next concert experience here!
This review is specifically for the upstairs area, NOT WCL (downstairs).

I just can't get into it. Every time I've seen someone perform in the upstairs performance space, I'm disrupted by the chatty tables around me and I swear there's something amiss with the acoustics. I feel like the artists booked for the upstairs space lend themselves to intimate settings and I hate to say WCU(pstairs) doesn't make me feel like it's just me and the musician. That's the point of intimacy, right?

Don't be mistaken, all the World Café Live (downstairs) shows are terrific. In fact, I don't think there's a better venue out there to play. But alas, there's a lot left to be desired in the upstairs area. It won't keep me from seeing artists I like though; just wish there was a way to make them sound better. Also, the table that's off to the right of the stage is awful. Every group that sits there always feels entitled to personal banter with the musician. Good beer and food though.
I haven't been to a concert at World Cafe Live for a while, though that has nothing to do with the venue.  The two I have been to, Nouvelle Vague downstairs and KT Tunstall upstairs, were both good shows.  I think on the balance of it, I prefer the vibe of the upstairs venue especially when they have it as all seating downstairs.  That seems to just take away from any atmosphere.

I would love to go more but in all honesty, they just don't host that many artists that I want to go and see.  Maybe that says something about my taste (and its diversity) in music but I don't think so, I'm into some pretty varied stuff.

In terms of the place as a restaurant/bar, I am not really sold.  The happy hour drinks deals are good and there are often one or two interesting beers on tap.  The food just isn't anything to write home about.  On my visits, I haven't had any dish which made me go wow and I still fail to understand why people go mad about the eggplant fries, I thought they were pretty awful.  I have heard they have had problems keeping chefs, which may be making things difficult.

Still, it's a good place to see a show if something is on.
A great place to see a show (downstairs at any rate.)  We got great seats for Black47 and had dinner there pre-show.  The food was Irish themed (for Black47 and it was March 16!!!)

I thought my "boiled" dinner of corned beef and cabage was good.
The rest of the menu was typical bar food.  Not great - but not inedible as others have said.

The show itself was great and we had a balcony front row sofa to sit on - and beer to drink.

No problems for me.
I am a huge fan of their free at noon concert. If you haven't heard of this, you should go check it out. You can see some pretty amazing bands for free during your workday. So far, I've seen Delta Spirit and She & Him, and I plan to go back for more shows. Luckily, I work right in the city and have some young friends who are willing to go out to a show during their lunch hour with me :).

The best part of the concert is that the place does not use it to push their food/drinks on the concert-goers. It is truly free. You just show up, after signing up online, enjoy the show, and meander back out to work. 

I've also been here for a regular evening concert, to see Sia perform. It was amazing, and we were easily able to get up close to the concert stage. Great venue all around!
Half-decent food, but a fantastic music venue. We went to see Jann Klose and Elliott Smith upstairs on 12/17/08 -- ordered the Rainbow Trout and Grilled Sesame Tofu. We liked the Grilled Tofu [tasted like BBQ teriyaki] which came with soba noodles. The fish, however, was forgettable; unsavory breading masked  the dry fish within. Both entrees were not a price/quality bargain.

WCL's blend of tasteful decor and lucid acoustics commands 5 stars. All the seats upstairs allow for an intimate connection with the artist's music. Alas, the food [price and taste] is the star-stealing culprit.
I've been back to the World Café Live a few times since my last review and really need to reevaluate my stance. Of course your experience will have something to do with the concert you are seeing. During my visit a year ago the acoustics sucked and that impacted my experience. The acoustics were fantastic and I loved every moment of the Ben Folds show I saw yesterday; no doubt that played a role in my experience. 

It's hard to give a 5 star review to a place where your experiences can vary so greatly. However, looking at the venue as a whole, I think they are 5 star worthy. Here's why:

1) The venue is intimate. Both the upstairs and downstairs stages will put you right up with the action. 

2) The ticket prices are reasonable- especially compared with some of the competitive venues in Philly. 

3) The beer selection is killer. I know that's not why you go to a concert, but it's totally a plus. If the Susquehanna Bank Center served Great Lakes Commodore Perry IPA, maybe I'd go back more. (Nah, who are we fooling.)

4) The venue is easily accessible by public transportation, plus the parking options are pretty decent. I found street parking near the venue for $2.50 for the whole evening. 

5) The artists are wicked talented. Of course this is always varying, but I feel they pull in top notch artists. They might not always be the most mainstream or well-known, but don't ever doubt that you'll see a good show.

6) There are dining options at most times. The upstairs area is a restaurant that is on Opentable, has happy hour and live music. In the downstairs area, you are able to order food during most shows. I haven't tried the food, but I feel it's much better than a stadium style hotdog. 

Keeping in mind that each experience will be different, I will take the positives this venue has to offer, and will look forward to seeing shows at the World Café Live.
This was my first time going to the open mic "harvest soul" event. I was impressed with the great talent I was able to see for just $12 buck ...I love a great deal. 

Everyone seemed to be very relaxed and open to the individuality of everyone. The food was alright. I would come back again.
If I could leave a review for the management, it would 100% be 0 stars. Let me say it now, the venue itself and the rest of the staff were wonderful! 
DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU'RE FROM OUT OF STATE. 
I've only been to World Cafe Live once and plan to never come back again. Last night (4/22), I travelled from CT with my friend to go to a Kris Allen & Parachute show. I had purchased the tickets and VIP package months ago to avoid any issues the day of the show, but apparently I was wrong. 
The State of CT now has everyone get Verified ID's unless they actively decide to opt out. The day before the show, I had renewed my license and got the verified one. Keep in mind I'm in my mid-20's. 
When WCL staff were going up the stairs checking ID's to give out the 21+ wristbands, the gentleman looked at mine and very nicely said he needed to speak to someone about it because they've been having problems with CT ID's. Fine with me. 
What I didn't appreciate was what happened immediately after. An older woman with shorter blonde hair (who someone later identified as the General Manager) came up to me and said "you have two options. I can either take a razor blade  to this to reveal if it's real or not or..." I never caught the second option if she even presented one to me because of how taken aback I was by the threat to destroy my driver's license. 
Now as stated above, my license was all of 24 hours old since it had been renewed the day before and I had indeed gotten the verified one. Not only did I have my new license, I had the old one that has not yet expired, a college ID, and multiple credit and debit cards with my name on them. I fully understand the struggle of out of state fake ID's and would understand asking me to provide a second form of identification or even telling me that I can't get a 21+ wristband. In fact, when the woman threatened to scratch it, I told her I wouldn't take a wristband because I didn't want to drink last night. Her response was "so you're admitting to being underage then." No actually, that's not what I'm saying. 
The whole approach to handling a potential fake ID was not only completely unprofessional, it was rude and absolutely disrespectful. Based in this one experience alone, I'll never come back to World Cafe Live. 
Apparently the management doesn't know how to handle any potential issues and for that to inconvenience a customer in such a way is ridiculous.
This place is so much fun. A truly eclectic vibe, and a great space for music lovers. 

Everyone who works here is overall friendly in nature. Great service. The crowd is very mixed and inclusive. Venue is clean and well spaced. 

Food options were good. 

It's a nice time! Check it out if you're in the area, and you're into supporting the music scene!
This is a wonderful venue, except if you are planning on holding a special event or purchasing tickets to a show. Then you are in for trouble. 

In my case, I purchased a ticket and was unable to enter the event because management had oversold and allowed their venue to exceed fire code. I attempted to purchase a drink from their upstairs bar, but was rejected there too because my ticket was for the other event. I spoke to management, and they were unwilling to accommodate the group who's tickets were oversold. This group exceeded 20 people. 

If you intend to hold an event in which your attendees are rudely mistreated and rejected, you should hold your event here. Else, avoid this place.
I've been here a few times to see local bands play downstairs, and it's not a bad setup. Well-stocked bar, semi-friendly bartenders [depending upon who you get], lots of area to kick back and eat, drink, gab, dance, whatever. You can mingle or keep to yourself, either way, pretty easily. You can pretty much see the stage from anywhere in the room, so if you're a shorty like me, you'll appreciate that too. There's nothing really to complain about here, yet it's nothing special. I do enjoy the fact that it's housed within WXPN, though. :)
I've caught a couple of shows here (Rachael Yamagata and, holy crap, Martin Sexton), as well as an open mic here or there. Also, story slams! First Person Arts regularly runs story slams here that range from hilarious to thought-provoking, hitting every medium in between.

So, it's obvious then that I can say, with complete certainty, that I really like this place.

Both the upstairs and the downstairs can be configured in various ways to comfortably accommodate smaller, intimate crowds to larger more boisterous ones. Also, the place just looks nice. They even have coat racks - beware though, it's run totally on the honor system. I've never had anything stolen, but it might be a good idea to hold onto your wallet, keys and phone.

The food I've had has been satisfying - nothing to write home about, but then, how can I really focus on that when I have a beer in hand and kickass gigs to watch?

The bottle and draft list are respectable, as well as the cocktails. Prices are run of the mill for any joint in Philly. This is a great thing if you think about it - if you tried to get any respectable drink at a larger concert venue, you'd pay at least double. Thanks, World Cafe, for keepin' it real.

This place is perfect for dates, plain old hanging out, and drankin'. That makes it one of my top spots in Philly.

Again, can't believe I hadn't reviewed it until now.

Pro-tip:
Check out some of their less headliney events, like their story slam and open mics. Some really great things pass through this place that can otherwise go unnoticed. Throw a dart at the calendar and I can almost guarantee that you won't be disappointed in what you end up with.
my organization just had our annual spring event a few weeks ago in the upstairs bar/restaurant area.  I was "working" that night but still go to experience the open beer/wine bar as well as sample some of the hors d'oeuvres and thought that everything was really excellent.  I'd like to go back sometime for a show/happy hour.
I've now been here twice but for food events.  I feel almost odd writing a review for a music venue about food, but oh well.

I like this place.  They know how to handle a crowd.  My first experience here was for the grilled cheese and craft beer pairing.  The food was pretty good.  Nothing thrilled me as far as their selection but the space was well laid out and the service was very prompt.

My second time here I came for the Philadelphia Cheese Experiment.  They did a really good job hosting this event because they created an open space for home chefs to compete against each other.  Cheese and beer were definitely the focus on the event and it was a lot of fun.  The staff who worked it was very nice and I had a really good time.

I think they deserve 4 stars because they do just what a venue should do.  They create an atmosphere for an event that lets the event itself shine through and lets you the audience enjoy yourself without annoyances.
so now that i've actually been to a show in the downstairs area, i feel like i can finally review this place.

the upstairs restaurant portion is decent...the decor is nothing memorable, the food is your standard bar food that is on the pricey side and again, not terribly memorable.  however, it does serve as another decent venue for my work to hold happy hours, and to that i am grateful for.

the downstairs venue is comfortable and clean (i saw apples in stereo)...the acoustics are fine and good...they don't often have bands there that i would love to see.  so if some amzing band shows up, i'll be back.
Of all the places I've attended live music shows around the country I have to say this place is in the top three if not the best.  This was our first time here and we came to see Samantha Fish perform (she's amazing but I'll save that for another review).  There's an upstairs and a downstairs.  Upstairs is a restaurant, bar, and small stage while downstairs is a bar and larger stage with a large floor and a mezzanine.  I'll break WCL down in 5 categories:

STAFF- The staff is super friendly and all smiles.  This includes the will call desk which is also fast and efficient, the ticket scanner, the general staff, and the bartenders.

ACOUSTICS- The sound was impressive as most places this size it can be difficult to clearly hear vocals World Cafe Live has nailed this category.  We moved a few times during the show and the sound was near perfect everywhere we went.

CROWD- I'm sure the crowd varies depending on the performance but when we were there it was a mix of young and old  with ample facilities for folks that require ADA accessibility.  The crowd at our show was super friendly.

PARKING- free!  Yep.  Parking at the lot below is free after 5:30pm but we decided to park right in front of the door and pay $2.40 for the meter through the parking app.  The signs state 12 hour parking but the app only allows for 2 hours but that's ok since the meters are only enforced until 8PM

SPACE - the space was really, really nice and so clean.  It felt like it was just built.  More importantly there was plenty of room to walk around and seats at the bar upstairs  were ample before the main act came on.  You can wander around the entire place after entry but you'll need a bracelet provided after ticket validation to enter and exit the main show downstairs.

FOOD & DRINK - we only had the eggplant fries (which were awesome) since we went to happy hour at Walnut Street Cafe next door but we will probably just dine at WCL next time.  the restaurant opens a few hours before a show and you need a reservation.  However, you can order food and drinks at the bar upstairs and they will put it in a takeout container for you to bring down to the show.  Also, the drinks are free poured, served in actual glasses (not plastic party cups like other venues) and you're free to walk around the place with them.  Additionally, the prices were reasonable!  I mean really reasonable not venue reasonable but comparable to what you would spend anywhere for casual dining.

Overall, WCL deserves a solid 5 stars because they know how to do it right and I can't wait to catch another show here.
The only reason this isn't a one star rating is because the food was absolutely delicious. I'm an avid concert-goer and I visit cities often just to attend a concert. Nowhere is perfect and I don't expect perfection, but World Cafe Live is by far the WORST venue I've ever been to. 

I called to make reservations and buy tickets months before the event was taking place. I was confused about whether I needed a dinner reservation and a ticket. The woman I spoke to said I ONLY needed a dinner reservation and that everyone without a reservation would stand behind the dinner tables to watch the concert. I asked if I needed a ticket multiple times because it was odd that she said I didn't need one. 

I arrive at WCL and the manager rudely tells me that of course I have to purchase tickets as it clearly says on their website. She never apologized for the incompetence of whomever I spoke to on the phone. I work in customer service and that's the first thing you do. The next step would be to find out who gave the customer the incorrect information and make sure it doesn't happen again. She never asked for any information other than my credit card to buy tickets. 

Then throughout dinner, we were hardly checked on and the waitress forgot multiple parts of our order after saying she would go get them. 

Before we were seated at our table, we were given wristbands to verify that we are of drinking age (which happens at many places and cuts down time for the wait staff checking IDs). Apparently the wristbands don't matter because a MINOR was being served alcohol and she was very visibly drunk. She is a celebrity but that shouldn't matter when following the law. 

I'm not sure how they've stayed open with their untrained staff and rude managers. I hope no one else has this kind of experience.
Always happy to support local Art.

Supporting anything which you value is Always a good idea. In the case of Art, however, and local Art even more particularly, consistent patronage is required. Noticed I used the word required.  It isn't 'suggested', or 'helpful'...it is mandatory. And since I do not own a venue to share with artists, I elect to support the community by frequenting their shows. 

I've enjoyed shows both 'Upstairs, Downstairs'. The national acts are tremendous, but I also love seeing what homegrown talent we have. At only $10-15 a show (upstairs), one can afford to just go on a whim.  Even the shows I didn't particularly care for, left my cohorts and I with a conversation. Ari Hoenig was a real standout, playing a set with a trio that was on a very different level. Kudos.

I must critique the sound and staff. First, the objective of sound reinforcement should not be: let's see  how loud we can get before it starts to feedback, and then come down a half-click. In an intimate venue like the upstairs, why not adopt this mantra: use as little sound reinforcement as necessary; stage = most of the sound, out front = only to fill in blanks. There is no reason a singer-sonwriter should be deafening. The staff is very good at being apathetic. I always feel like I am a great annoyance when I order a beverage...as if I am really putting the person (who is working in a bar) right out. The eye rolls when I politely order a pint scream, "really dude? you are so lame with your dress shirt, and I'm really an artist, so get your pint yourself aweful-sauce." I don't appreciate that, but...

I gladly put up with it, and will award 4 stars for what the venue is, and does. Maybe someone will be nice to me if I wear skinny jeans???
After my first time at WCL I was delightfully surprised at how friendly the venue seemed.  I was ready for the standard concert venue where i get hassled at every bend, smell like smoke at the end of the night, and am constantly getting stepped on or pushed by drunks.  Maybe it was the type of crowds the bands brought in, but none of these things happened.  WCL was clean, welcoming, spacious, and not too hot/sweaty.  Not only thse, but the security was surprisingly friendly too.  They were actual people and treated us like people in return.  I know respect  should come standard, but more often than not this isn't the case.  Esp in security.
Coat check $1.  Parking is definitely a problem.  Unless everyone else knows something I don't...
Lastly, the volume was perfect.  Loud, but not ear bleeding loud.   I'm pretty sure WCL uses a house sound tech.  He knows his job.  The acoustics were fine, I could have used more bass.  But overall all elements of the music came through and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
World Cafe Live is a fun place to go to hands down. It always has a diverse line up of shows, and it often has 2 shows going on in one night. while the upstairs venue mostly caters to a host of local acts, downstairs has a lot more high profile acts come in. Since XPN is next door, you will usually find a free show that's too good to pass up if you check out their website.
The food could be better a lot of times, but it's not what you go here for primarily. And they do have some great food like the vegetarian chili. Once you have their eggplant fries you will never want to eat a potato one again! it also has a good selection of beer and alcohol. and the servers are all very friendly.
So I've only been there once before and for a wedding, so when I got a ticket to see a band and was very surprised when you could have dinner and watch the band. So I ordered a steak ( which was amazon) see pic.  We were having some beers. The problem was our server. She was actually training a girl ( who was spot on). We couldn't get drink refills. Two times I got up to find the waitress. Two times I went to the bar and bought beers. It was ridiculous. So if I had good service. It would have been a 5 star. But for a $100 food and drink bill ( after getting  a couple rounds from the bar) she would have been tipped on $150 if she just did her job.
I truly enjoyed my experience at live at the world Café. The doors opened at 6:30 for an 8 o'clock show. We had sold out tickets that were standing room only so we wanted to get there early to secure a spot at the bar which we were pleasantly surprised to be the only ones with that thought. My husband and I shared a perfectly cooked perfectly fine  burger with addictive eggplant fries and a plate of jumbo chicken wings. This was not rocket science but, everything was perfectly enjoyable. Their specialty item on the menu was a hot plate of eggplant "fries", I get it I truly enjoyed them... Maybe because I've been dieting and would never let my self eat such a thing, or maybe because they're just plain ridiculously good. Either way I would order them again. 
Drinks!! I jumped a step above the  house wine to a Chardonnay that was dynamic... I don't remember the name but had three glasses of a typical slightly stingy Bar pour. I Did not know the price until the end of the meal and evening.  
We drank comfortably, ate enough and the bill was under $90. The bartenders and servers had their hands full but served The customers with grace and poise. Live the world café downstairs is a wonderful venue for an intimate night of great music. Even if I don't know the musician next time I might come back just for the ambience and the overall experience of Live music. Tonight we saw Ricky Lee Jones and it was special and The prices were pretty darn good plus there's not a bad seat in the house.
Not a pleasant experience. 

I went for a show in the Downstairs Live "Cafe."

Bar reeked of vomit, and it wasn't even 8:30pm, at the beginning of a show. Another patron remarked on the smell, unprompted. 
There was an advertised food menu that seemed very appetizing and catered to vegetarians, vegans; and gluten-free people, but when I tried to order I was informed the kitchen closed at 9:15pm (no where was this posted). It was only 9:01pm when I tried to order. Unacceptable. Also, what kitchen closes at 9:15pm on a Saturday night with two live concerts happening?

Bar staff was rude both in my experience to order drinks (the woman was curt and dismissive of me) and in trying to order food (a different woman- she was dismissive and unhelpful. She shrugged her shoulders and said oh well). 

The photo of the beer was the only pleasant thing, the success of which cannot be attributed to this business. Beer was overpriced.

The lighting for the rock show was terrible. I was constantly blinded. Other members of the audience quickly looked away from the sporadic, unnecessary blinding lights. What is this lights guy doing??

I was excited for this show beforehand, but all of the above resulted in quite an unpleasant experience. 

I will not be returning.
I had a show I was dying to see (Robert Schwartzman) at World Cafe Live, but the venue itself was really bizarre. 

I purchased tickets for the show online through the World Cafe Live website, and there was a weird $2 processing fee which I found unnecessary. Anyway, I entered the venue, gave my printed out ticket to the staff, and proceeded to wait for about 15 minutes while they verified that everything was okay with it, even though I was the only one in line, and it was a real ticket. Weird.

My show was in the Upstairs Live section. I was given a seat, which I was not expecting... I wasn't aware you had to order food in order to watch a show here. So I sat at my table alone and my waiter came over to take my order. I felt bad saying I didn't want to order anything, so I ordered eggplant fries, which sounded interesting enough, even though I was incredibly full. My show's starting time got pushed back from 8pm to 9pm, so I had to awkwardly just sit there for an hour, alone. The eggplant fries came, and they were decent--but they were incredibly oily to the point where the oil started, like, making them soggy, so I wasn't able to finish them. I'm disappointed I had to spend $7 on top of my ticket price and processing fee. There was also a full bar with great options, but would have felt bad spending even MORE money on top of everything else.

The show itself was great! ...well, only after I decided to move from my awkwardly placed table and go stand up by the stage. Very few people were doing this, so I felt incredibly uncomfortable rocking out to the music by myself, but hey, that's why I came to the show. Everyone else just sat at their tables and bopped their heads to the music--it was very high culture for such an organic rock show, but oh well, I suppose... 

The one major benefit of World Cafe Live is that the venue is so small that it's totally possible to meet and hang out with the artists after the show--which I luckily got to do! Still, though, overall, the venue is really strangely set up to me and the food I had was mediocre... I'll likely be back if there's ever another show here I'm dying to check out, but I don't think I will be back otherwise.
First: DO NOT ORDER FOOD HERE.  The quality is like a bad mix between a low end chain restaurant and meager pub food... and it's over priced (obviously).

Second: This place is AWESOME on the inside.  Beautifully designed.  Excellent lighting.  And the quality of talent that comes through here is worth checking out.

Tickets can some times be rather expensive, so check their website to see when things are going on that are within your price range.  It is not uncommon some nights to see the lower parking lot filled with Mercedes and BMWs from out of town.

Go here for the music.  Have a drink, but DO NOT order food.

The only complaint I got from a friend when we went to hear one of her friend's band on the "Philly Local Night" was that the sound engineer was not mixing the feed very well.  In addition, I had heard complaints from others that the mixing in the downstairs theater was rather poor.  You'd expect more from a major music venue that also happens to be a radio station.

I will check out the Open Mic night some day if I have time and get in the door.

(Note: I'll update this review if I go back again in the future.)
I was at the downstairs stage. Overall seemed like a nice venue, and the bar downstairs seemed pretty nice (although I was only having water that night so I didn't pay much attention to their selection). You can stand down by the stage, or you up some stairs closer to the bar so that it's easy to see over the crowd.

They have their own parking lot, I think it was $10 to park there when I went.
Great venue for singer-songwriter type shows. And for anyone in West Philadelphia an easier place to get to than most.

I saw Patrick Park here about a year ago and despite having a crowd that was a mixers of diners and concertgoers, mostly seated at tables with meals, they were incredibly respectful and appreciative of the show.

I've also been for just meals, and it's a bit spendy but very good. Overall, a great addition to the University City area.
I enjoy going to shows here but am continually annoyed by the decor.  When it opened, I was blown away by how badly it looked inspired by the set of "Friends" and other mid-90s themes.  Basically, if my mom was asked to design a concert venue for XPN it would look like this.

Other than that, they bring great acts and the shows I've seen (Josh Ritter, Greg Brown, Rhett Miller, and others) have always sounded great.
(This review is for DOWNSTAIRS!)
The key to concert enjoyment for me, besides a great band putting on a great show, is seats.  Which is why I have always gotten Mezzanine tickets at WCL, and which in my opinion are worth it.  That way, when the band ultimately comes on a hour late, you are okay because you're sitting with a beer in hand.  Which leads me to... it is great that you can get food/drinks while seated in the mezz. In fact I've eaten here a few times now and it is really convient and honestly it's not terrible food, but sorta like Amtrak food it tastes reheated or frozen- on a normal show evening I'd say two-three stars depending on the particular dish. The one thing I love about WCL is that the employees, from the phone lines, to the front desk, to the guy who takes you to your seat, to the waitresses -  they are always helpful and cheerful.  Love it.
Very cute venue. I came here to see Simply Three and had such a blast. We were at the upstairs portion. Host was extremely nice and seated us right away (and without reservations too), service was fast, and my dessert was pretty good (I had the chocolate lava cake - moist and rich).

I loved the close intimate vibe the upstairs gave. It was small, but not too small. The sound quality seemed great. Can't wait to see what other bands come through here. I will certainly check it out again.
I've heard the World Café Live broadcasts on NPR, and I enjoyed my visit to see a band in the spacious downstairs area during my visit to Philadelphia. Bought my ticket upon arrival and the acoustic room on entrance level seemed nice and intimate. The guy sounded great too. 

The downstairs area is a nice size room for an Almost Famous up and coming band, and the sound is amazing. I saw Ohioans "Red Wanting Blue" there, and fans of the band got an intimate show while still having the capability of a big room sound. Good selection of craft and local brews, and it was nice to meet the band outside the room after the show.
When are music venues going to start treating people with respect?  This is an atrocity I have experienced in LA, NYC and now Philly.  Someone in the staff was very rude and condescending when I asked a simple question.  I am wondering if they are just rude to musicians in general (an ironic way to be when I just kept an audience impressed for 40 minutes).  I play SO MANY small towns where not only are they PAYING me to play, but when I ask a simple question I am not frowned upon.  It is time for musicians to be treated with respect, REGARDLESS of how pissed you are about your job.  A simple smile and answer would be nice.  I am a paying customer so.. Confused as to why musicians don't post this shit all the time.

The sound is great.  The people here rock.  Fix the rudeness please.  Give musicians respect.  Thanks.
This review is about downstairs. WCL is one of my favorite places, for the great all-around experience. The acoustics downstairs are outstanding, and the set-up (except for all-GA shows) is just great. The food is ok not great, and the service is always slow before a show because everyone needs to be served at the same time, but it's still a terrific place to see a show, enjoy a nice dinner, often meet cool people, ...
I've been to one show here, in the downstairs venue, and I really enjoyed it. I will definitely be back.

The show I saw was an 80s tribute band called Weird Science (http://weirdscienceny.com/). If you like the 80s even half as much as I do, you will love this band. They do all 80s songs, & they REALLY bring it. Incredible show.

But about the venue itself. Great big space, lots of room to dance, good sound. But I need to remember from now on--earplugs for concerts. I'm too old for the ringing in my ears the day after a show!
This is unquestionably the best sounding room in Philly. 

I don't always care for tabled seating or else this would be 5 stars, but it's still a fine place to see a show & you know what to expect for each event when you buy tix (assigned seating in most cases, in rare instances general admission). 

It's cool when they scrap the tables & open up the floor (as they did for a Dead Milkmen show a while back), but I imagine they're trying to score with the food serving thing as well as the music. Frankly, this can be too much, though the food option has it's place... the food here is not fabulous. 

Capacity with the tables is around 300, but without it must be about double that.

I've seen many outstanding shows here & it's nice that they have the small room & bar upstairs as well as the main performance space downstairs.

The people rating this place based solely on the food are out of their minds. Why would you come here to eat? There are dozens of options nearby. Food is not what the focus is at all at World Cafe... it's clearly a state of the art live music venue & it's unlikely to have a kitchen to match.

Ironically, what World Cafe Live is appears to be almost exactly what they've tried to accomplish with the recent renovations at Joe's Pub in NYC.
I love the World Cafe. I go there mostly for indie and folk shows. You can usually see an upstairs show for less than $15 (all you have to do is call to make a reservation for a table).

The downstairs is nice too. If you sit next to the bar in the back, there's a trade-off between more noise (from the bar) and getting a good view of the stage. If you can't sit there, I would sit as close to the stage as possible or else pay a little extra for the mezzanine (which is awesome - you pick your own table and then sit at a couch to watch the show).

I've never been disappointed with the food, although it's nothing special. They do have a good beer selection (Sam Adams, Rogue, Stone, Sierra Nevada, Bear Republic, Dogfish head, Flying fish, Great Lakes, Sly Fox, Troegs, Victory, etc.) and the service is always pretty good. I've also never had a hard time finding parking.

The World Cafe is and will continue to be my favorite place for a surprise date night with my wife. 5 stars completely.
World Café Live is the music venue that I wish other venues would emulate (especially as I am painfully experiencing other venues.  Please note I did not say the music was painful, but the VENUES.)

I met up with Blake F. there for a Friday show.

The food is always (incredibly) good at WCL. I got the black bean patty.  Blake had the tofu with soba noodle salad.  When I was finished, my plate was completely empty-a rare event for me.  Both dishes I would happily order again.  Plus I am a sucker for sweet potato fries.

I have never been to a show downstairs, but I find upstairs to be an all around pleasant live music experience.  
I like how they support local artists.  When my favorite local artist has a WCL show, I get super excited.  
(Yay-there will be a bathroom!  Yay-I will like the food!  Yay I will not worry about my parked car!  Yay-the sound quality will be good!  I could go on and on, but you get my drift...and I'm making myself sound snobby.  I can have fun at an event with porta potties)

Also, the venue attracts outstanding national acts (Charlie Hunter will be there soon.)

My only gripe is that the service always goes downhill once the music gets rolling.  But that is to be expected.
I went here for a concert, the downstairs.  The place is cool.  Very clean place but just okay beer selection (I don't remember seeing any PBRs).  Not a big place so no matter where you were, you had a good view of the band.  I also thought the ambiance was great.

I be willing to go back.  I heard Monday nights for open mic nights are fun.
I love World Cafe Live as a venue for seeing shows, but I'm consistently disappointed by their food offerings. In theory, I'm happy with the "dinner and a show" idea. I just wish that there was more variety and more healthy offerings on the menu, and that the food they do offer was executed better. 

The last time I went to see a show, my food was very disappointing. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, the pork was very fatty and the sauce was not good. I ate barely half of my food, despite the fact that I was starving. Service was also very uneven and it was difficult to find my server. There was some confusion because my party was seated across two different tables - I ended up receiving a bill for the other people sitting at my table, despite the fact that we had dined separately. 

The World Cafe brings great acts to Philadelphia and I really enjoy the ambiance. But if they are going to require me to purchase dinner along with my tickets, I'd like to see the kitchen step things up a notch!
OK, let's just acknowledge that WCL is the coolest listening room in Philadelphia and that I've never seen anything like it in any other city.  It is truly a musical clubhouse where you never know what kind of interesting, eclectic music you're going to find on a given night.
As far as I am concerned the CUSTOMER SERVICE there is horrible! NOT TO MENTION the FALSE ADVERTISING LISTED ON THEIR WEBSITE when getting ready to purchase tickets. Pay close attention the part where they say you can save $2 in cash only to show up at the box office and be told that there is still a $3 processing fee and that it will cost you extra if you pay by credit card! 

Another misrepresentation is that the price of the ticket is listed at $25 under the artists show but when you proceed to purchase tickets you are being charged $26 plus a $5 processing fee. BELOW IT STATES SAVE $2 when purchasing with cash at the box office. I was under the impression that I would pay $25/$26 not $28 or $31 by arriving to purchase at the box office. The girl sitting at the cash register told me it was a MISUNDERSTANDING. NO IT IS MISREPRESENTATION!!!!!!!!!

 I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE to ANYONE! 

I wasn't asking for a free ticket. I only wanted them to honor what was stated on their website. Instead, the whole experience turned out to be very disdainful. 

All I wanted was to easily purchase tickets to the ESTELLE show, an artist that I love listening to.  Instead my whole experience at WORLD CAFE LIVE was ruined by this one circumstance . 

See below for the disclaimer written on the website: wouldn't you think you were saving money if you went to purchase at the box office??

Just a note on false advertising: 
 "Any advertising or promotion that misrepresents the nature, characteristics, qualities or geographic origin of goods, services or commercial activities" (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.A.  1125(a)).
 
 

BET Music Matters welcomes Estelle "All of Me" Tour
Monday, March 05, 2012, 8:00 pm EST at  World Cafe Live
See Description 

Important:

All sales are final. There are no refunds or exchanges. Cameras and recording devices are not permitted. Showtime and supporting acts are subject to change. Please Note: Multiple attempts to complete this transaction will result in multiple temporary holds on your credit card funds.

Mezzanine tickets are assessed an additional service fee. These are priority seating areas with VIP amenities. For more information, please read the Mezzanine FAQ.

Dinner service is available for all seated ticket holders. For more information, please read the Dining FAQ.

Save $2 by purchasing your tickets with cash at our box office before show date. WXPN Member discount available by phone or at our box office.
I absolutely loved this place!! Drinks, entertainment & food in an intimate veryyy nice setting! I was actually shocked with the rock band I came to see, this place seemed pretty upscale! Like a cc restaurant. We were at the upstairs venue. Would love to come for a downstairs show next time. 

I didn't order food because I wasn't hungry but my daughter did & let me tell ya.. 1 bite of her burger & I was hooked!! Very large, cooked perfectly with melty American cheese & tons of crispy bacon. Excellent! 

Also our waitress / bartender service was great. Never had to wait. 

Only downside - the only way we were able to sit & eat was because we saw someone we knew. Otherwise , tho not very crowded, the seats were taken & those not occupied said "Reserved". Other than that - great experience all around!!
I absolutely love the World Cafe.  I've been there three times to date--twice in 2006 for two consecutive shows; Ben Jelen (with the Alternate Routes as his opener) and Will Hoge (with The Trews as his opener), and once in 2008 to see Ben Jelen (with Standard of Living as his opener).  The two times I saw Ben Jelen, he performed upstairs and that is my favorite part of the venue as it is the most intimate performance setting.  When I saw Will Hoge, he performed downstairs and my friends and I rocked the front row for that performance.  

 I have never made it to a Free at Noon show, but my dad has gone (to see Hanson...oh how jealous I was even though I had a meet and greet pass to their show at the Troc later that evening...I had no choice but to go to school that day and not see Hanson's free at noon show.  However, Taylor was happy to hear during the meet and greet that my dad had attended the noon performance).   

World Cafe also has great food, drinks, and desserts, so if you're attending a show upstairs, make sure to get there early enough to get a table close enough to the stage!  There are also tables downstairs but I am not sure if they always have seating for downstairs shows.  Regardless, I will definitely be returning to World Cafe Live and hope to perform at one of their weekly open mics sometime in the near future.
This place is great! I was there for a banquet and the food was unbelievable! I also love the ambiance and it is very comfortable. Good beer list.
Don't bother to go to the box office to buy tickets, they charge you the same $2.50 "processing fee" per ticket that they charge if you call them with your credit/debit card, and if you call them, they will either email you the tickets in .pdf format, or hold them at will-call for pickup.  If you get tickets on their website, the fee is $5.00 per ticket.  Don't waste your time going to the box office when you can get the same price over the phone!
I walked in to the venue to purchase tickets. The women behind the counter was so "jacked" about working at the World Cafe that she could not help but yell during the entire transaction. Needless to say there was no need to yell, as there was no band playing. 
Despite the rather overzealous ticket agent, my true ire for this venue stems from the $2 processing fee per ticket. I paid cash at the venue-what gives? A credit card company is not profiting from this transaction. The only one benefiting is the World Cafe, who receives direct funding from the University of Penn, which means they are, by no stretch, strapped for cash.  Are the food and beverage profits not enough? Of course not, one must steal from the common man in any way possible!
This latest transaction reminded me of why I avoid this venue like the plague.
I just saw Apples in Stereo here. I thought the venue was really nice, the atmosphere was definitely laid back for those who want to relax and enjoy the show, or high intensity for those who want to get up and dance.  The acoustics were better than most other venues. The food was sort of expensive, but I liked the option of being able to sit down and eat at a venue. And the portions were more than I expected too.

But it just didn't do it for me. This is the first time I've been here because not many big artists do play here. And looking at the list of upcoming bands, I probably won't be back for a while. The venue is great, but the lineups that they have are much more diverse in musical genre than what fits me. I know whatever R5 offers I will enjoy, since I am into the indie music scene. But I won't be sure about what the World Cafe offers...
World Cafe (downstairs) is my favorite overall-experience music venue. Great beer, pretty good food, smaller venue, CLEAN, plenty of bathrooms. There are most certainly places in Philly with better beer, food, and stages, but none have all bundled into one little venue. 
Tickets really range in price depending on who you are going to see, from free to "I'm not paying that" a.k.a $50. The staff is always attentive and friendly. 
There are free at noon shows on some Fridays, and the upstairs also has an open mic night on most Mondays. They even have random themed meals, like the upcoming grilled cheese and beer tasting.

Overall, a great venue to make a night out of it: music, food, drinks all in one place.
I LOVE, LOVE , LOVE this venue.  I enjoy the upstairs shows when I am getting drinks with friends, to purchasing tickets to take in a show in the intimate setting downstairs.  I love the acoustics and what puts it over the top is the friendly service.  I have been here many times, and I always feel the patrons are laid back and everyone always seems to be having a good time. 

The food is adequate, so no real complaints here.  If you haven't been- you have to check it out for yourself.
This started out to be a lovely evening. A Parisian café -esque ambiance with a genuine accordion player.  A few things turned this evening into just an ok experience.

Pros- We were greeted with a very friendly staff and got our pick of tables in the "café"
Next were provided with drink tickets 5 in all to sample all five cocktails. There was a scrumptious looking buffet and the accordion player played the theme song to Amelie.

The drinks were all great except for one "death in the afternoon" champagne with and absinthe floater (BLHA I just threw up a little thinking about it)

The fav cocktail that I tried was the "baby you can drive my car" it came in a sugar rimmed martini glass filled to the brim with a lovely mix of brandy champagne , Chambord and a few other things. 

Cons: none of the food posted on the website was actually served so for the past week I had my heart set onion tarts and there was no tart to be found. The other issue is that they ran out of ingredients. How does this happen when you pre sell tix to an event. We saved the "Super Nova " for last it was probably heavenly but we didn't get to find out.

The buffet was good I tried escargot for the first time and there were some great grilled veggies and cheeses but those onion tarts were definitely missed. 

Around 7:30 not having been up to the buffet more than once we decided to order food. Salads and an order of truffle and parmesan tater tots. I love tots something about them just makes me feel like im a kid again. Alas our tots never arrived so I can't comment on them. 

Who I presume was the manager informed us that we would have to buy tix to the next show. At this point our food still hadn't arrived and I was a little buzzed. Our server was great about it and moved us to another table and then finally around 8:15 our food arrived along with our last drinks. As previously stated we didn't get the tots instead eggplant fries, they were yummy enough but I would have enjoyed those tots a lot better.

I always enjoy coming here for shows however I might have to skip the next "event "since this one wasn't executed properly.
I really like a lot of things about World Cafe Live..Top of the list is their entertainment from all over the world. And not any old entertainment, top shelf shows!
I went with a group of friends to see Animous Bellydancing Extravaganza and we all enjoyed the show tremendously! You can never predict how the food is going to taste. I have had really good food and then at times I  thought it was just meh..
Also their happy hour is really fun. Last summer they had jazz on Monday nights. So you could get $4. house wine, reduced price apps and entertainment. And the bar area is attractive and spacious. The waitstaff is usually very friendly, too. 
The only real negative is the parking situation which is on the street, pay at the kiosk parking..I usually have to walk a block or more to WCL but it's near center city so you just have to go with the flow..
Fantastic place to see Peek-A-Boo Revue. Of course I say this because I'm in the troupe but we have been voted best in the world! We perform here several times a year. Our next show is March 21st. It's definitely one of our favorite venues to perform at. The stage is huge, the place holds a lot of people, they offer dinner for earlier shows, and of course great drinks for both dinner and late night shows. I definitely suggest checking this place out!
Went to a show here with my in-laws on a week night expecting to have a meh time and we all had a blast! The band itself was great, but I also appreciated the lighting and atmospherics in the venue that really enhanced the show. We had seats in the front row so we were very close to the band. The venue is intimate and when the show was winding down, the lead singer jumped off the stage and into the crowd and greeted nearly every person individually. The food was good and service was fast. Will definitely come back in the future for more shows!
Checked out WCL for my first time last night. We saw "Concert & Conversations with Peter Buffett". You can get dinner and drinks before/during/after the show. We were in the downstairs venue where there was a bar & then tables set up for the "concert goers". The food was GOOD but I thought a little pricey. I would DEFINITELY recommend the Lobster Mac n' Cheese which was served as a side with my steak. My friend got Tuna & it was a pretty lean-sized portion. LOVED the margaritas but again PRICEY as were the beers. Bear Republic is $7.25/glass - don't they know we are in UNIVERSITY CITY?  So, overall - I DID LIKE the venue for the show we saw but for a rocking concert I'm guessing the set up would have to be different. And the food was GOOD but PRICEY. I would definitely go back.
I was here about 2 years ago to hear Duncan Sheik (who knew he still had a career!) and I also was introduced to the wonderful Vienna Teng at that show. The downstairs venue is the intimate area with good acoustics and delicious eggplant fries. I was there by myself so I got to share my table (just a warning to the anti-social folks out there).

I kept meaning to go back but just really never got there....

Oh yeah, I had also gone to some kind of networking event there when I was in grad school - wasn't too impressed with that, but it was more due to the lame-ness of the event...
Five Star atmosphere with Five Star prices that only serves Three Star food. I have ordered food from both upstairs and downstairs and every time it does not live up to the price tag. I am not saying the food is bad, however you can get WAY better else where for less. Now that I got that out of the way, World Cafe Live's atmosphere makes up greatly for the overpriced menu. Upstairs is small and cozy. You can see different artist perform on the small, back corner stage as you sit out their very impressive bar or at a table that is no more than 20 yards from the stage. For bigger shows you go downstairs, where there is an equally impressive bar. For most shows there is a menu and very limited seating, unless you got reserved sitting in the balcony. We always try to get there early in order to get a table in front of the bar. The shows are always great, my favorite being Jaxons Local Shots featuring IKE. Always a good lineup of bands and the room definitely sounds good. 

I highly recommend this place for a chill night. If you aren't in the mood for a club but need more than a bar, WCL is the place for you.
All the people complaining about the bartenders not being able to sleep at night due to expensive beers need to realize that they don't make the prices, they just facilitate the sale. Also, this is a job for them, not their lives. Please go see a show at the TLA and spend $7 on a PBR, then come running back to WCL and cherish that $4.50 beer in your hand.
I like it here a lot for shows.  My experience here was for the Sunday day of the Popped! music festival, so the entire place was open and shows were going on both up and down stairs.  The downstairs room is HUGE, the stage is HUGE and the sound is GREAT.  They have a nice big bar to get a drink and tables to sit at if you don't feel like standing up front.  Unfortunately, they also have nice big prices for their beers.  My normally cheap lager was $5!  That's a killer.

Upstairs has more tables and a smaller show space than downstairs with a more moderately-sized stage (comparable to the M Room).  The sound was still pretty good up there.  The last band even had video projected on a screen behind them which added a bit to the ambience.  Everyone got up and danced...since that's what people do to dance music.

At a point, I got hungry and had to cave and get food even though it was a little pricey.  It was fairly worth it though.  I got the WCL Grilled Chicken sandwich (chicken, prov. cheese, roasted peppers, spinach and pesto mayo).  It was one of the most delicious chicken sandwiches I've ever had and completely satisfying with delish fries (you have the option of getting a salad instead but I wanted to be bad) for a little over $10.

Overall, I would totally go back for the right show since the space is so nice, but I would hesitate to book there because I would feel bad forcing my audience to pay that much for food and drink.
The downstairs of World Cafe Live is so very intimate. For a non-seated show, all that separates you from the stage is a small row of tables acting as a barrier. You can see, and almost, feel the drops of sweat from the artist on stage.

So why a three star review? I was very disappointed with the acoustics and sound mix in my two most recent visits. When a band wasn't playing an acoustic song, the singer's sound was extremely muffled making it very hard to hear the lyrics. The sound was very heavily focused on the electric guitars. Unfortunately, this didn't seem like an artist specific issue as my last visit was for Non Comm where I saw upwards of 8 artists perform on the same stage. Acoustic sets worked much better. 

Sound quality aside, the intimacy was awesome. The beer selection deserves recognition as well. It was very craft beer heavy, the way I like it.

I'll definitely return however I just need to be selective about what type of concert I return for.
Great place. Music, food, and drinks... veggie wings are so good and eggplant  fries are delicious. Staff super friendly and ready to serve. Nice relaxing spot. Good for friends at happy hour or ladies night out. Just for the veggie wings its a must try.... oh yeah the fries and wings are 5 dollar for happy hour. 4 to 6 mon to fri
Double awesome points for having both an upstairs and a downstairs venue.  

Upstairs, I've been to a handful of concerts, a whisky tasting, and a story slam.  I love how the space can handle all of those different types of events without batting an eyelash.  The stage is tiny but serves its purpose.  The acoustics are fine for the small shows that they do up there.  

My first downstairs experience was tonight - Alabama Shakes, which in itself was a mind-blowing musical escapade.  I really like this space - typical music venue set-up, great acoustics, not huge which I love (makes the concert still feel really intimate), and everything just seemed clean and nice and new, which is the exact opposite of what I think when I hear the words "concert venue."  

So far I haven't paid over $20 for any concert here.  That is pretty amazing considering how nice the entire facility is.  

And they get a giant high five for their line-ups.  I've seen two of my more obscure favorites here, including an Irish musician who barely ever comes to the States, but when he does, he plays here.  Amazing.
I'd like to offer helpful words to those who aren't sure, like I wasn't, how Upstairs works. So---if you're planning to eat, you must make a separate reservation for a table, apart from your tickets for the performance. There are maybe 15 seats at the bar; a guy who had one said he got there at 6:30 and the bar was almost full. There are also three or four tiny high-tops, no stools; I'm not sure if these get table service. Since we didn't have a reservation, we put our names on The List and were surprised to get a table, eventually.

The only other seating is a weird section of two rows of bus terminal seats against a wall alongside the stage. 

The draft list: Very good, including an offering from the rarely seen Three Heads.

The food: Surprisingly good! The fries are excellent---crunchy exterior, creamy interior. The chicken pot pie was lovely---buttery crust (though not enough of it) and a milky, buttery, herby filling of tender chicken, chunks of potato, carrot bits, and...celery? A spoon would've been good to have. Nice biscuit, though overly browned from reheating, and delicious garlicky broccoli rabe. Spouse tried the grilled cheese with roast beef, from the specials menu. Sounds odd, but spouse said it worked.

The service: Sllllooowwwww---but cheerful.

Be prepared to spend the evening rearranging the furniture, as the (sticky Formica) tables are so close together no one can get out to pee without their neighbor sliding their table over. Really, no exaggeration.

So, to the music. The space sounds great---one of the best-sounding venues I've experienced. Crisp, clear, boomy but not too, and loud enough but not too. For such a small space, though, there seem to be few good sightlines, what with people having dinner and people standing in the middle and people waiting for the bus over in the corner. Lots of head shifting all night to try to see the singer, though I did have a good view of the bassist's left hand...
Super friendly bartenders + cheap wine that isn't resinous + eggplant fries = winning combination.

Word to the wise: eggplant fries means beer battered eggplant that's crispy and dip-able. Also, eggplant is a fruit, so this means that you're technically getting a double dose of healthy antioxidants when you drink red wine and consume this appetizer.

Do so.

Your body will thank you.
I have been to World Cafe Live twice now (for two completely different types of events), and both experiences have been positive.

The first was a Christine and the Queens show last month. The show was great, and the venue was the perfect size. There is plenty of room to move around (or dance, depending on the type of show!) but it's still small enough that basically any spot has a decent view of the stage. The sound and production seemed great as well, so no complaints there.

The second event that I attended was The Moth's monthly story-slam. If you're unfamiliar with The Moth, definitely check out the podcast and attend a story-slam. It's great to hear real stories from real people right from your own city. Anyway--this one was also a great time but set up more like a dinner theater. My friends and I sat in the balcony, which ended up being a great choice as we had an excellent view of the stage below.

I can't speak to the food yet (maybe on a future visit!), but it's definitely a solid venue and I'm sure I'll be back.
i wish my favorite artist (joseph arthur) would find somewhere else to play.  yes, the one thing this venue has going for it is some excellent sound - IF you stand in the right place.  best place to witness this is from halfway back (i'm talking about the downstairs here) near the soundboard.  any further back, and unfortunately you'll get more bar noise than guitar noise.  other good points... the ticket guy at the counter is nice.  and the positives end there for me. 

anyway, so if you're in the right spot, the sound is glorious.  last week i saw joseph arthur thrice (one show at wcl, one in nyc at the bowery and once in hoboken at maxwell's).  the wcl show trumped the others in terms of sound, but was the worst of the three shows.  i blame the wcl.  OK, so the bad parts: the setup is HORRIBLE.  i mean, tables in the front for a rock show?  granted he usually plays with a backing band and this time he is touring solo, but he wanted the crowd to stand up and move and get into it, obviously.  but there was no room because people were packed like sardines amongst chairs and tables.  the crowd did their best to work with a bad setup.  it was unnecessarily crowded up front compared to totally empty at the back.  weird.  anyway, rock show  = general admission.  so unhappy about tables in my way of enjoying the concert.  which brings me to my next complaint, i would have reserved one of said tables to get right up front, but i couldn't because i find their food inedible.  i mean, i don't know how you can go wrong with nachos, but they do.  terribly, terribly wrong.  i was smart and ate a small dinner elsewhere first, but even the smells of the food coming from the kitchen was unappetizing to me.  come on, that never happens!   and though it didn't affect me much personally, i thought our bartender was a bit of a dick.  this place needs an entirely new kitchen and bar staff IMO.  i hate being back by the bar, where the speakers don't reach all that well, and hearing more of the bartenders bantering back and forth and glasses clinking than the music itself.  come on, it's not a social lounge, it's a music venue!     

i've been to probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 shows downstairs, and 4 upstairs, and i could echo pretty much the same sentiments for the upstairs.  they get two stars for the crystal-clear sound system.  but every time i go there wish to myself that the artist had picked another joint.  favorites on my list: johnny brenda's, and the troc.  honorable mention to TLA, and surprisingly enough, the tweeter center over in camden (preferably in winter, when the curtains are down - good sound system, super-friendly staff).
We recently visited World Cafe Live two days in a row to watch the Rock University concert.  It was our first time there and it was a very enjoyable experience.  It is easy to get to and park.  The interior is nicely decorated and clean.  The acoustics are very good for the music and the staff was very pleasant and professional.  The beer selection was an unexpected bonus ;-)

I was very pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the World Cafe and I cannot wait until I see another show there.
I've been here twice for concerts (versus just upstairs for Happy Hour). The venue itself is arranged interestingly... Like the downstairs concert area in my opinion is kinda laid-out weird. They let you pay for seats at tables on the main floor where the stage is located, but then when the concert is going on you can't see jack sh*t because there are rows of people standing up in front of you in front of the stage. So you have to like stand up too. On your chair if you're my height. One time I went and didn't pay for seats and just camped out at the bar and had a much better view. I guess the mezzanine seating would be good because you can sit and get service and see the stage pretty well since the venue itself is pretty intimate. I dunno. They should elevate those tables on the main stage floor so you can see. Hint Hint.

Secondly, the food there was not awesome. I think they were going for a "upscale" bar food but when one of the appetizers is french fries and written underneath it it says "served with ketchup" in italics I'll raise a couple of weary eyebrows. I got the pulled pork sandwich which was not awesome. Eh.

Anyway, it makes me sad to write this. I like that there is a World Cafe Live. I wish they'd just spruce up their food/food selection and make the venue a little more viewer friendly.
I am an event organizer for a social group.  Myself and 11 others attended the spoken word open mic event 4/4 and I cannot begin to express my displeasure with WCL.  Per the website, we needed dinner reservations to ensure we'd get seats for the performance.  I made dinner reservations for the group for 6:30 to ensure we had seats for the performance. Once we were seated we were told that the performance would be downstairs and that dinner is NOT being served down there.  By 7:30 we had only received our appetizers and we were concerned about getting downstairs to get seats, which meant we would not get to eat.  A few members of the group had their appetizers wrapped to go while the rest of us went hungry.  The hostess then mentioned that there were snack items available downstairs.  The food that was served downstairs during the performance was disgusting; it was a bunch of different fried things that all looked the same sitting on a warming tray (very low budget)  None of us felt like clogging our arteries so we declined.


A member of our party decided they wanted to go back upstairs to eat, when they got upstairs they were told they had to pay $20 to go to the bar and eat, even though we had just been sitting up there at a table.  They were then told that they couldn't get anything to go b/c they were not allowed to take food down stairs.  However the members of the group who had their food wrapped to go were able to eat downstairs.  The hostess then told the member of the group to go around the corner to a DELI!!! I was offended and so were the members of the group. Going to a deli is not the same as sitting down to eat at a restaurant.  So even though WCL serves food they would rather send business out the door to get food?!?! Needless to say the 12 members of my party were not happy and probably will not return to this venue.
I've been to World Cafe at a couple of times for their Free At Noon concert series (downstairs), but I just visit the upstairs (which is really at ground level) for the first time this week. We stopped in for an early dinner before the Penn-Princeton game at around 5:30 to find the place pretty empty (oddly enough, though, they asked us if we minded having a small high-top table). 

I was surprised to see how reasonably priced the menu was. There was also a happy hour going on (daily, 5-7, I think), and we got half-priced drafts (from a limited selection). I was actually lucky enough for them to be out of the Lager I ordered, and got Yuengling Porter, which, it turns out, is way better than the lager. They also had some half-priced apps.

For dinner, I got the eggplant fries, which I thought was a very creative idea and very good with the dipping sauce they give. The basket of fries is huge, but the bottom layer is semi-inedible due to the grease that trickles down. Still, that top layer was amazing. I also got a chopped salad, which was decent.

Service was very pleasant, albeit at very relaxed pace. 

Anyway, now I'll likely check this place out again. If you haven't been here, you should def try it sometime.
Waited in line outside of the door for a quizzo event. There were a good deal of people in front, so I was contemplating leaving. The doorman came outside to count the people, and looked me dead in the eye to tell me, unprompted, that I was definitely getting in. Over an hour later, the line is slowly getting there. Suddenly, the same guy comes out to say that they are at capacity. I understand that it's hard to gauge exactly where capacity ends, but why make false promises and make me waste two hours of my life in the first place? I'm guessing he did the same thing to the hundreds of people behind me who also did not leave the line. I've been to a couple shows here and they're a decent enough venue, but this was unacceptable.
We've gone a few times now for some of the "Peanut Butter Jams" ie. baby/kids concerts and sadly probably won't be coming back because they make the music so ridiculously loud.  

Its a kids concert, on a Saturday morning yet the people working the sound system seem to insist on BLASTING everyone's ear drums.  Don't they realize who their audience is?

This wasn't a one time occurrence.  The first time I went was several months ago, I can't remember the group but it was upstairs.  Prior to purchasing the ticket I specifically asked the girl working the computer "Will this concert be really loud?"  I was assured that no it would not be too loud and as soon as the group started playing the amplifiers were blasting everyone's ears.  Other parents seemed concerned as well. 

Several months later, we had out of town guests visiting with kids so we went to a Lard Dog Concert. Lard Dog himself and his Belopian side kicks were absolutely awesome although, again the concert was too loud, although this time admittedly a little better than the prior disaster. 

Most recently we went to Nina and the Jumping Jacks yesterday.  Absolutely terrible.  The woman working the sound system was just blasting everyone's ears.  We stayed for a half hour, but ultimately left early because it was too loud.  I was also annoyed that they left a trash can and bucket and mop in the elevator that had to be used since the concert was in the basement. The elevator smelled absolutely terrible, a mix of trash and citrus bleach.  Patrons and especially kids should not have to breath that!  

Last, tickets on the website are listed as one price and of course when I purchase in person I'm charged a different price. I asked if I buy the tickets online or prepay if it would be a different price, but I'm told that it would be the same price. Posting one price and then charging another is bad practice.  

A little common sense would go a long way at this place.
What a great venue! I went there last night for the first time to see Manic Street Preachers and aside from the band being amazing, I have to give a lot of credit to the venue itself for my overall great experience. 

First of all, parking was free. How cool is that? There's a lot of construction going on in the area, so I was very thankful for the free lot because I think parking would have been hard to come by otherwise. I believe there are a few lots that are free for WCL guests, but we parked in Lot 1 -- at 3201 Walnut -- which is free after 5:30.

We had dinner before the show in the cafe upstairs. It was very cool. There was an interesting band playing, the food was good, the staff was polite, and they had some decent happy hour specials. Pretty awesome.

When we got downstairs for the show, we were seated at our own private table (we had bought tickets for a table, which were the same price as GA). You're supposed to spend $20 on drinks/food when you have a table seat, but they weren't pushy about it. We actually did spend that amount since we ate upstairs beforehand (which counts), but our waitress didn't know that because we didn't even bother showing her the receipt since she wasn't trying to push food or drinks on us. Some of us stayed at the table during the show and some of us went into the General Admission area...it's cool that they let you do that. The way the venue is set up, you can really see from wherever you are, which was a major plus for me since I'm short and normally have a hard time seeing. 

It was definitely a venue unlike any other I've ever been to and I will definitely be keeping an eye on their concert calendar from now on.
As Philadelphia venues go, this happens to be one of my favorites. And it's not just because it's super convenient to West Philly, Center City and public transportation from the burbs. The downstairs (where all of the shows I've seen have been) is large, and can accommodate big groups in the mezzanine, bar and balcony. I've been when there is standing room for general admission and also when they've set up chairs and tables for dinner service during a show. 

The staff has always struck me as super professional and helpful, and when I had a server while seated at a table, she was quick and kind to all. I haven't eaten here, but the food I saw others at my table getting looked...well, pretty awesome. And judging by the fact that it all got eaten, I guess it was. I'll have to update this once I try their food. 

The best reason to give World Cafe Live a chance is because they bring such unique and brilliant talent to the stage. I just went to their 2013 Philly Song Shuffle, with 55 local acts playing one after another. Just fantastic. 

Little tip if you want to try it out: their Friday lunch series is a fun and free way to see the venue and experience some great music!
Go here for the obvious - to see live music.  
Don't go here for the food. 

I love seeing shows here.  It is just the right size to really feel like you are being sung to directly from the artist.  The place has amazing acoustics and you will really enjoy seeing your favorite acts there - both upstairs in the restaurant/bar area and downstairs on the main stage.  

WCL brings both small, local acts and larger, well-known performers so there is always something of interest.  The free shows at noon on Fridays are not to be missed either.  Sign up to get on their mailing list or better yet, become a supporter.  You will have first dibs on upcoming acts and tickets.  

As mentioned, food is not great.  I have never been blown away by anything and have mostly been disappointed.  But I will not deny them stars because of this since its a music venue at its core.  

Tip - go there to buy your tickets before the show.  You will save on handling charges.  It's not much but helps, especially if you are buying several tickets.  

Check out their upcoming schedule and treat yourself to a show, or stop by for Happy Hour and enjoy some live local music.
well, the ART-chitechs have done it again. they wasted alot of money and space. tables on the dance floor-duh!  all the best supper venues have booth/banquette seating around the outside for a reason. the stage is set up to play the short throw of the room so the stereo field is soooooo wiiiiide that if you're on one side there's no way you hear the other. the drinks are too expensive. $5 for a pint of lager? get a grip. and the booking agent that opened this place is a friggin genius but of course he hasn't been booking there in ages. when they first opened the calendar was amazing. national acts and good local talent. nowadays this place blows. it's mostly local acts with WAY too many acts on the bill, a sure sign that the people booking this joint don't have a clue. IF THE ACTS THAT YOU'RE BOOKING DON'T SELL ENOUGH TICKETS AND YOU HAVE TO PUT MORE ACTS ON THE BILL... THE BANDS SUCK AND YOUJ NEED TO GET NATIONAL ACTS BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT PEOPLE WANT TO SEE. IF WE WANT TO SEE CRAPPY BANDS, WE'LL GO TO THE KHYBER. complete turnaround and a complete disappointment, upstairs just flat out sucks. don't waste your time and money.

the booking guy that opened this place has moved on to do shows at the sellersville theatre. that place is a little gem. 

WCL=SUX
UPDATE: The grilled cheese and beer pairing event for $35 was so much fun. Creative, good music and at a fair price.
This was the venue for an after party for a conference. It was fantastic. Great craft beer selections, including victory, breckenridge, chimay, dogfish head and others, on tap or in bottles. I had some sweet potato fries that were delicious. Then, the music started. I happened to catch Rubblebucket Orchestra with Agent Moosehead and it was one of the best live shows I've ever seen, hands down, for only $10. It was amazing, fun, clean, and the service was impeccable. I will be back.
WCL is a pretty tiny venue, so that makes for a good view of whoever you're seeing. The downside of it being so small is that it gets hot quickly and for shows with a big draw they don't generally have seating.

When the upstairs is open for food, it's pretty decent. However, last night there was an event upstairs and everything was blocked off. They also didn't have *any* organization for where the Will Call area was. Usually it's upstairs but due to the event they moved it downstairs, and it was clear that they had no idea what they were doing. The line took forever and they literally moved from one place to another while people were waiting for their tickets. It was just very unorganized.

If possible, I recommend getting tickets for the mezzanine. The acoustics and views are the best from up there, and they usually have more tables and chairs up there.
I've been here a few times now - once downstairs and three times upstairs. I have been going to check out the open mic on Monday nights @ 7:30pm. I still have mixed feelings about this place because the food isn't bad at all, but I have been receiving mixed service treatment. 

I enjoy the food and atmosphere at WCL. So far I've had the WCL burger which was tasty, but I like mine with a bit more pepper and if possible, it could be juicier. I know order fries is just asking for greasy food, but the eggplant fries were a bit crispy and greasy for my liking - nice horseradish dipping sauce though. The price of drinks aren't bad either.. $3 pints on Monday nights, I choose the draft over the $10 cocktails any day. 

As for the service, when it wasn't busy it was hard to get the waitress' attention and she forgot an order for my table. But when it was busy, they were able to remember all of our requests. Two of the times I've been there, I had to request some silverware after my food had been served. I might just be anal, but one last thing is I observed is one of waiters was cleaning the table and had sprayed cleaning solution on it while there was a silverware set on the table. Needless to say, it got all over the set and that's something the next person was going to use. 

I would still return because I enjoy the atmosphere and it's a nice place to grab some dinner with some friends.
I've been here a ton of times for shows and a beer/whiskey festival, but I've never sat down for dinner.  I was very impressed with their menu options and most of the food we received was incredible.  The Sesame Ginger sauce on the wings was wayyy too salty, but the meat was nice and crispy.  The burger was fantastic as well as the quinoa salad.  

The music selection here is always wonderful.  Last wednesday I had the pleasure of seeing The Bernhardt Family band and it was the most enjoyable show I've seen in years-- please look them up!  When the night was winding down I had a difficult time finding my server to pay, but typically it's always a good time at World Cafe Live.
I was holding off on reviewing this place until I had been both upstairs, and downstairs. 

Downstairs: I was here March 10, 2010 for Automatic Loveletter. They were the opener... I forget who the main band was. I didn't care, didn't stay for them. 
The sound in the place is amazing. Such great acoustics. Definitely the best of all the venues I've been too. 

Upstairs: I was here March 4, 2011 for The Pretty Reckless show. Once again, amazing sound. A little louder than it is downstairs at times which made it hard to hear Taylor Momsen singing. No big deal. It was still an amazing show. 

The only thing I don't like about either floor is the level of awkward you experience if you happen to get there early. It'll leave you standing in front of the stage, seemingly out of place, while people sit at the bar and at their tables eating. It's just so weird! Luckily, you forget where you are as soon as the band you wanted to see starts playing. 

The staff here is just SO nice. It's ridiculous. Some of them seemed off-put by the fact that I was polite back. It seems like most patrons treat them rudely which made me sad. These are nice people working there. In fact, it made me and the rest of the staff members at other venues in Philly seem like a bunch of douchebags! 

The only thing I can't judge here is the food. I never really fork up the cash for food at venues because it tends to be expensive and not worth the price. It smells great though. I'll have to try it next time I go. 

Yes, there will be a next time... as long as a band I like shows up, I'll return.
*****Review of Free at Noon only********

I work just a few blocks away from World Cafe, so when I actually have a relaxed Friday and can take a lunch break, I like to head over to the Free at Noon shows. For ZERO dollars you get to hear a band that is playing (for $$) later that night, grab a lunch beer (always makes the afternoon better) and walk back to the office before one feeling like you did something cool and worthwhile. I few times I've heard bands for the first time that I turned out to really like. But the best part is to get that weekend feeling started early. 

For the most popular bands you have to check the site early and RSVP by midweek, but if you can remember to do it, you'll feel "in." My only complaint is the $7 Dogfishhead. $7 for a local beer? Damn.
I really enjoy this venue. I have been going to shows here since before I moved to Philly and have always found the staff to be pleasant and the vibe to be low key. Very different than some of the other venues throughout any major city. 

I like that they have a more acoustic vibe, because as much as I like to dance, sometimes some singing and guitar make for a great night. I've never really tried the food, though I hear they do some awesome "foodie" events I have been meaning to check out. 

My only complaint is that their drafts vary so much, sometimes there are 3 or 4 things I want and sometimes there is nothing. I have pretty general taste so I feel like I shouldn't be too hard to please. They do a great during the week special at the upstairs bar from 7 pm on where a select beer is $3. Hard to beat at any venue.
I really enjoy this venue... almost everything.
do the owners realize they are alienating a lot of music lovers by placing a mandatory food purchase on top of the already high ticket prices?
i have skipped a few shows for this reason.
time to abort this idea!
how wants to watch and listen to a band and hear noisy eaters?
and why would a band give their all, knowing they are being upstaged by mediocre food?
blows my mind!
Being a fan of WXPN for many years now I finally grabbed an opportunity to see a show at World Café Live.  And what a show it was with Rhett Miller and the Serial Lady Killers.  We arrived early after seeking a parking spot on the street for $1.00/hour. Upstairs was a performer at the far end of the room playing while the patrons who were fortunate to arrive early were finishing their dinner and enjoying conversation.  Scanning the room it appeared that no one was paying attention to the live act on stage.  My group of friends tried to obtain a table for a bite but none available but we were able to get a drink at the bar and were informed that we could grab a bite downstairs at the bar when the doors opened at 8:00.  While enjoying our cocktail looking around the place the pretty young lady at the door suggested that we head downstairs because they would be opening the door for entry soon.  As we proceeded downstairs we discovered that a small queue was beginning to form.  At 8:00 the doors did not open but they began to scan our tickets and issue wrist bands. 
 
When the door finally opened we walked promptly to secure a position at the bar and get our food order in.  We were handed a small pub menu which seemed to meet our eating requirements.  I had a burger on a pretzel roll which was quite good which I washed down with some unknown by me draft.  They had a few different selections some of which were from small breweries that I recognized. Scanning the bar shelves you could see that they had quite a collection available in bottles with a full bar available.  My thirst was about to take over me but it was a Tuesday evening in Philadelphia, I was driving, plus not taking the next day off this working man had a full day on Wednesday. There would be no bourbon manhattans tonight for Dougie. 
 
The room was a nice size unlike Maxwell's in Hoboken where I previously saw Rhett with his band the Old 97's.  It was similar in size to the TLA Theater where I first had the pleasure of seeing him live.  This place was much more polished than the TLA.  However, the TLA had seating at the bar where this establishment did not.

The room was great including the sound system.  I will be looking toward seeing another show in this fine establishment soon.
