Since when did library's get so hip? Maybe Harry Potter helped? This is seriously the hippest bar south of New York. The ubercool library theme runs throughout all 3 floors of this trinity townhome, with trompe l'oeil library wallpaper and vintage hanging globes, menus served in books, and you can even ask for a bananagrams game to play while you sip and nibble! If you've got writer's block, this is the rehab you need a referal for, filled with craft cocktail therapy - just what the Doctor ordered and sure to get your creative juices pumping. We sat on the second floor and ordered multiple cocktail rounds from the waitress who fetched orders from the third floor bar. Next time I visit, which will be soon, I'd like to try the ground floor bar which has giant letter covered wallpaper. I sipped the 'Passion has Red Lips' cocktail and we threw back a few fennel infused vodka drinks.. best prescription ever! Will be back soon, Doctors orders!
I *almost* don't want anyone to know about this place but it's honestly too good not to share. I went here on my own, looking for a spot to sit and sip a cocktail and read a book. I was happy to see I wasn't the only person flying solo - or reading. I didn't get 1 weird look as I sat down and pulled out my kindle as I ordered a REALLY delicious Manhattan. 

The server was knowledgeable and efficient. I love when the bartender at a craft cocktail place can turn out drinks on a dime. I know fancy drinks take some time but I don't want to wait all night. 

I only hung out on the first floor. The decor and atmosphere were fab and I loved how the windows opened to let in the unseasonably warm breezes we've been getting this winter.

I will most certainly be back again!
Interesting little space with creative cocktails in kind of an odd location....a small back alley type street in the Gayborhood section of the city. 

We came for late happy hour drinks before a date night out and to me this places seems (to me) like a before or after a night out, happy hour only type place. It's a nice relaxed spot to take a load off and catch up, but wouldn't personally be my destination for a night out. One drink and move on kind of deal. 

 I can imagine during a more prime time it would get pretty crowded here as it's rather tiny. Midweek when we arrived around 6 pm or so was perfect for avoiding the masses...the bar downstairs was actually semi full, the third floor 2-3 seat bar was empty and the second floor which is where you want to be in my opinion only had one other party. We took a seat by the window in the "library" on the indigo and white ikat love-seat. ((Drool)). We grabbed a game of Banana-grams to play while we sipped our cocktails and just hung out for a little while. It was relaxing. 

The entire writing theme is super adorable and carried throughout the entire space very nicely without being too much or cheesy. 

Cocktails were strong, priced fairly standard ($10-$15) and tasty. My husband's bourbon blackberry lime drink named "When In Drag" $12 was barely drinkable for me. More of a "sip-tail" if I ordered it, but he loved it. 

Torn between a few that contained bitters and shrubs which is totally my thing, I wound up going for a "Doctor's Order", also $12 which was vodka, prosecco, apple juice, Inspired Brews kombucha and sage. I would be lying if I said I didn't order this mainly stray from my norm because I wanted to taste kombucha used in a cocktail. It was perfect! Just enough sweet in the apple juice to balance the tart found in the vinegar taste of the fermented beverage, and the sweet fragrant sage leaf garnish was a simple nice touch. 

The bartenders were sweet and knowledgeable. 

I would come again for a casual drink like I said pre or post a night out if I was close by, but I'm not sure I would necessarily go out of my way to come back otherwise. I say try it if you're nearby. Glad to have finally crossed it off the bookmarks! Interesting and different.
I popped into Writer's Block Rehab last Saturday after attending a play nearby, and was super excited to see two open seats at the bar downstairs. Now, looking at the photos on the biz listing, I'm wishing I had gone upstairs to snag a spot. The upstairs seating area looks so fun, like a library! Next time. 

The downstairs bar did have its perks. With just a handful of seats, my companion and I had lots of face time with the bartender and we were able to ask questions about different drinks. I started with a pisco sour featuring turmeric. It was like drinking a healthy juice with booze. My next drink had gin, egg whites and a couple other ingredients I don't remember. It was pink, yet surprisingly light in taste. I really loved that not one cocktail tasted too sweet. I like my drinks boozy with just a hint of sweetness and I felt the bartender really hit the mark. 

Last, we finished with a round of espresso martinis. These were topped with some chocolate shavings and were very nicely presented. 

I'd love to return for drinks upstairs on a date with my husband or to catch up with a friend or two.
A library themed bar? Sure this isn't anything new but Writer's Block Rehab has a uniquness about it that you'll just love. It's tucked away towards the end of a very narrow, alley-like street and like the street, the building itself is very narrow. To make up for its lack of width the venue sits 3 stories high. The first and third floors has a bar and the second floor is a lounge area. All of which are ideal spots to get cozy and enjoy some fantastic cocktails.

I headed straight to the second floor and was scanning for an empty seat when the super friendly hostess mentioned available seating at the third floor. I looked up and noticed it was a loft so I was all about that. I made my way up there, sat at the small bar and was happily greeted by the bartendar. I tried two of their whiskey-based cocktails and both were very refreshing with a subtle sweetness. Those were the Lady Boss (whiskey, grapefruit shrub and bitters) and the When In Drag (bourbon, blackberries and mint). Soon after I opted for various straight whiskeys that they carried.

This place exudes that relaxing atomosphere  and is relatively quiet. The muffled chatter from the floor below along with the great conversations with the awesome staff set the perfect stage for an enjoyable, cocktail-filled evening. Will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town :)
I'm not sure if I am a failed writer or an undiscovered writer.  Either way I need Writer's Block Rehab.  The drinks are great, conversations cool, and you will never be at a loss for words here.  Bar is on the first level and the library lounge is on the second and third levels.  In no time at all, Writer's Block Rehab has become an instant Philly go-to drinking spot!
I've had Writer's Block Rehab on my list to visit since they opened. Having the chance to finally go, I mapped out my route to get here and thankfully it's pretty close to a Patco station. The way I came was down an alley but it's located at the corner in it's own stand alone building. 

The big windows on the front give a fun view inside. I had come here on a Wednesday and the upstairs was closed off. I asked the bartender and he said usually Thursday thru Saturday they have it open.

When I arrived, there was about 4 other people in the bar, slightly quiet, and I would say tops, the first floor fits like 15 people. I think I picked the best spot to sit, at the head of the bar. By 8pm, this place filled up quick!

Bartender was amazing. He was calm, cool, collected and friendly. The cocktails choices are absolutely fun and no matter your preference, there's most likely going to be something calling your name out. Each of the menus are in different variety of books, there's the scrabble blocks on the wall. This place just has a bunch of character to it. 

Pear me Up! was strong and definitely a sipping cocktail. The Persian was lovely with the rose in it. My date and I shared a cheese plate that was fine but not as full as I would have liked it it be. I will be back to try everything else out.
A tightly packed but intimate and classy venue for a quality cocktail - or more. It's all jammed into the lower two floors of a brick rowhouse, with a tiny bar area seating 6 (plus room for another 4-6 along the windows) downstairs, and a slightly bigger and quite cozy lounge area upstairs with chairs and leather seats for about 20. 

The cocktails are the star of the show here and are well-crafted. The "pear me up" was a bold, tangy statement that provided quite a wake-up call, featuring sherry, pear brandy, and amaro. Meanwhile, the "not a night cap" featured vodka, espresso, and chocolate - providing exactly the delightful melange of flavor that you'd expect from those ingredients.

In keeping with the venue's neat name, there's Scrabble-like wallpaper throughout, menus in the form of hardcover books, and receipts that come clipped inside cheesy teen romance novels. Service is also quite engaging and friendly.

On a recent weekend night, things alternated between jam-packed busy (especially after area theatres let out at around 10) and not too busy. Still, a great find thanks to all you Yelpers out there!
McThrill doesn't always drink fancy cocktails, but when he does he orders one called a Lady Boss because Bourbon (https://www.askideas.com/media/48/I-Dont-Always-Drink-Bourbon-For-Breakfast-But-When-I-Do-I-Go-Swimming-With-My-Bow-Tie-On-Funny-Swimming-Meme-Picture.jpg)!

On the scale of lady bosses, Philly's best named bar EVER was an Arianna Huffington - liberal with its use of quality alcohol, purposeful with the fresh ingredients found within the cocktails, and creative with its overall presentation!

Despite it being within a couple blocks of the 13th & South area that I've known for decades, Writers Block Rehab is one of those spots that I wouldn't have come across if it weren't for my drinking partner suggesting it out of the blue for a happy hour. And it led me to a spot that's essentially a speakeasy within plain site since its on a perfectly random side street, but towers over a parking lot on 13th and Spruce and has signage that flashes different colors. And inside leads to a 3 floor library themed cocktail bar that's complete with crossword and book themed murals, and "chandeliers" made out of multiple globes.

The entire list of cocktails are twists on old classics that utilize locally sourced herbs and plants - so a martini gains arugula, and a pisco sour gains tumeric. A potentially valid argument could be that it makes this hip cocktail bar come across as being a hip juice bar. But at least the end result tastes delicious, costs the same price as the juice, and has booze in it, so that at least makes for an upgrade. In addition to the Lady Boss, I also had an incredible whiskey drink that utilized Earl Grey and ginger (The Belvedere?) that I really wish I could remember the name of, and would easily if they maintained some sort of menu that could be accessed online (hopefully this changes!). but if you don't do cocktails they also have an alright beer list, wines, and some light bites (at least from what I saw on their Facebook).

At the end of our happy hour rendezvous we were presented with paperback copy of A Street Car Named Desire (movie cover edition with a shirtless Marlon Brando on the cover for the ladies!), in lieu of the standard check holder. And even though an awkward pickup exchange managed to toss my credit card card underneath my chair when I dropped it, it was extra quirky touches which embraced their theme like that which I loved overall. And not just because it also managed to uncover a random Found letter that I'll likely be sending somewhere (http://foundmagazine.com/). So with things like that I'll definitely be back!
Great vibe, friendly bartenders, amazing drinks. I'm not usually one for cocktails, but this place makes great drinks (MINT 75!) It's quiet enough to have a conversation but lively enough to maintain a good time.
It's amazing to see that the owners of Writer's Block Rehab turned an unassuming building on a random little street into a gorgeous little get away perfect for drinks or getting away to write and rehab that writers block. 

The building itself is really narrow and so is the inside, but that just increases the cozy-ness of the atmosphere. Inside is decorated to give off "old library in a forgotten mansion" vibes. Coming here during the day, you'll find that the place is pretty and very quiet. There's a total of three floors and various seating arrangements (bar, comfy chairs, tables to eat at) so you can come here for whatever the mood. And you're almost guaranteed a quiet place to talk or work. 

The menus here is simple but filled with good options for a light bite to eat.
Love this idea for a bar...books and booze, what more could one want?

There are three floors to this establishment. The first has a bar and some bar seating at the window area, but is rather tiny. The second floor is more like a lounge area, with comfy chairs and couches and is definitely the most cozy part of the place. The third floor has the best view, especially if you sit at the bar facing the window. You can overlook the second floor and have great views of outside. 

The menus are in old books, which is a clever idea. They have a lot of cocktails (and mocktails) to choose from, as well as a good selection of wine and liquor. However, the food options are lacking. There is a taco of the day option, cheese and two different kinds of flatbreads, but that's about it. I had the flatbread during my visit and it was just okay. I wouldn't order again though.

This place could easily be improved if they amped up their food offerings and sped up their service because it was rather slow. Also, the servers were not very friendly and seemed annoyed that they had to actually serve people.

Overall, I love the concept and would like to give Writer's Block another try, but I may wait awhile to do so.
Writer's Block Rehab effectively executes the trifecta to successfully reach my soul:
1. Words.
2. Books!
3. Fancy bar space.

This little bar is a true gem. Little being the key word. I'm glad we visited on a Monday night. I assume it probably could be a bit claustrophobic during peak times. The downstairs bar area is tiny, the second floor isn't much bigger, and I can't comment on the third floor, as it was blocked off as "VIP."

If you want to drink in a library setting (book wallpaper and globe lights that I would like to "borrow" forever), find seats upstairs. If you want to spend your time searching for 150 authors names on the walls and yelling them out in pure glee, sit downstairs at the bar.

Hint: Some of the authors hidden in front of you are mirrored behind you. I don't want to spill any names. [The Sun Also Rises, right Hamlet? Yes, and let's go eat some Green Eggs and Ham.] *cough*

As a literary nerd, I was in my element. As a liquor imbiber, I was also impressed with their cocktail list. Most were herb-infused. I chose the "Gin-Gin," which came with gin ~gasp~, ginger, and berry kombucha. It was nice but fairly strong so I nursed it for the duration of our visit (which perplexed the bartender). I also appreciated the use of paperbacks as check holders. Good job sticking with the theme throughout!

The crowd -- and by crowd, I mean the other three patrons -- was chill and the atmosphere was comfortable. In addition to herby, funky cocktails, they also have wine and beer available. Their beer list is okay but could be curated to offer a couple more rare choices, in my opinion.

Overall though, they're off to a great start just a few months after opening. I look forward to trying more of their creative concoctions in the future!
Having lived in Philly for a number of years, it's always exciting when a new, relatively unadvertised bar with great initial reviews pops up on the map. When a close friend mentioned Writer's Block, I was eager to see what the new digs were all about. Situated on a quaint, quiet street in Washington Square West my friends and I were eager to meet for happy hour (6-8) and catch up over a few cocktails. Upon entering the bar, the vibes were lively and welcoming. The layout of the bar is unique in that it has three separate bar areas on three different floors, including a lounge area on the second floor. 

One person in our party had arrived early to attempt to secure a table (for 6) on the second floor lounge area. Upon ascending the stairs, I found myself attempting to soak in the ambiance and peek around the corner of the lounge area (we were blocked off by rope barrier) when I was told by the hostess that it was crowded, and there was no need to look as she should be trusted.  We then attempted to walk through the lounge area to observe the third floor bar as a separate individual told us it had some space, when the hostess again scolded us to please stand behind the rope barrier. After mentioning several times that it was our first time at the bar and we had repeatedly heard GOOD THINGS, the hostess mentioned that our party of 6 was way too big to fit within the confines of the space - without attempting to make any accommodations. 

Within in a matter of 10 minutes we left the bar, having experienced atypical rudeness that you won't usually find with other bars nearby in the area. As one other review mentions "I *almost* don't want anyone to know about this place..." Whether the hostess took that mantra to heart or not, our party left with the inclination that first impressions are everything, and our impression left us no real desire to step through the doors of Writer's Block again anytime soon.
Oh boy...I write this review reluctantly. Reluctantly because I feel like it's such a cute hidden gem that I don't want to share.

Work...life...it has all just been a little too much. So a couple of good friends persuaded me to venture out to Center City to meet for a couple drinks to catch up, aka vent.

Walking in, there's a cozy bar with lettered walls that look like Scrabble. Very interesting...

One friend got there early and got us seats on the second floor. Walking up, I was greeted by a friendly host. After the initial greeting, my friend ended up walking off with someone to discuss work-related things and I had a chance to soak it all in before our other friend got there. 

Wallpaper that mimics a library, menus inside books, and comfortable seating. Jarrod (sp?) ended up being our friendly host and he was so accommodating and helpful. The book that was on our table didn't have a menu and I was a little confused on how I was supposed to order. He must have noticed because he switched the book out for one with a menu for me. 

Now, I am very particular about my drinks. Almost as particular as I am about great customer service. After perusing the menu, I was honestly conflicted. Everything on the cocktail menu sounded amazing. I was debating between the Gin Gin - gin, ginger, and berry kombucha and another drink with vodka, cucumber, and mint. I opted for the Gin Gin and am glad I did...although I doubt that any drink here would be bad. The Gin Gin was perfect - perfectly fragrant, not too sweet, very refreshing and not too overbearing. I also had the Mint 75? Gin, lemon and prosecco I think? Whatever it was, it was also very good. 

They also have small snacks. I appreciated the fact that they focus on their cocktails and drinks, and not all on the food - a bar that focuses on being a bar, and not trying to be something else. I can get on board with that. Well, we ended up ordering some flat bread and olives because we ended up staying a lot longer than we had originally planned. Lol.

Beautiful globe chandeliers and another small bar on the third floor. Gender neutral restrooms and comfortable seats. This place is classy without being pretentious. Comfortable and chic. 

While it is a ways from me, I will make the effort to get back there. Honestly, grab a quick drink before hitting the theatre or stay all night. You won't be disappointed. I sure wasn't and will def go back!
Writer's Block Rehab is definitely in my top 5 favorite 'fancy' cocktail bars in Philly. Of course it is super cute inside, very small and narrow, but there's 3 floors so you can find seating. The books and library style make it unique, and the mixologists (aka bartenders) are great. 

Now for the drinks, which is why this review is 5-stars. The cocktails are AMAZING! Aaaaaand, there's plenty of choices because the drink menu is pretty big. Some of my favorite cocktails are ALL MY LOVERS, wow this blew me away; Vodka, Lemon Prosecco, and Rose petals. All the Gin drinks are great, Gin Gin, Gin with egg whites, Mint 75, Gin and Tonic with berries, yummmm.  The Gin Coconut was strange though, not sure if I liked that. Even the Pisco Sour is unique with passion fruit added. Sometimes I won't even order off the menu, I say bartenders choice with Gin or Vodka and give him some flavor profiles that I like. They always make something delicious. I'm not a whiskey drinker, but the choices of whiskey or bourbon drinks are plentiful and impress my bourbon drinker friends.  

Fantastic for unique, strong, classy cocktails. And one reason why Writer's Block is better than several other fancy cocktail bars in Philly, is because the prices are actually reasonable! Most drinks are only $10-$14, which is much better than some of the fancy places around Rittenhouse that charge $18-$20 per drink.

I highly recommend this place :) Just don't come hungry, I don't think they have a kitchen to cook food. They do have small snacks like peanuts and deviled eggs.
3 floors of fun, and each has a memorable, unique feel. My personal fave was the 3rd floor, which has a counter overlooking the second floor "library" area. The space feels like an old school library or study, pretty rare for a bar, and they go the extra mile by putting random books around the counter for your viewing pleasure while you drink. The large light fixture hanging from the ceiling has globe lights with maps printed on them, a cool touch thst rewards the eagle eyed bar goer.

Not only did they nail the atmosphere, they also nailed the cocktails. The list is long and varied, and there will be at least a few options you have never seen anywhere else. Two of the standouts for us: the wild boy, which balances scotch with cherry to amazing effect; and the bombshell, a bourbon heavy drink with amaro and campari. I am a bitter betsy, so the latter was my fave.
What a wonderful new addition to Philadelphia! I came here last night as a group of 4. We were promptly seated on the 2nd floor. To say the staff is friendly is an understatement - the service we received was impeccable. The drinks are unique and their quality is top-notch. I got the cucumber gimlet, my fiance got the margarita, and we were both very impressed. 

In talking to the downstairs bartender we found out they have vodka and prosecco on tap - how cool is that! I can't wait to go back.
4.5/5:
I came here last night and was not disappointed. The staff was friendly, welcoming, and can make a killer cocktail. Their menu is full of unique cocktails with fresh herbaceous twangs and many with vodka bases (a plus to me). I got the passion has red lips and arugula martini-both quite refreshing. 

A highlight of this place is that they have vodka and prosecco on tap. My two favorite things on tap?! HEAVEN. Their decor is literary themed (also greatly appreciated) with a modern twist. 

My only critique is that the drinks took a while with just one bartender, but I know they are in their early days and still have to work some things out.
Went here after a nice Friday night dinner at B&M just up the road. The bar is down a small road on Cypress and sits slightly awkwardly in front of a small parking lot. The rowhome turned tri-level bar has a pretty casual and modern cafe/bar vibe when you step in. The first floor bar is small and chic with small bar seating and window seating. The mid-level bar is a library style setting with books on the wall with the menu embedded within books. The seats are low to the floor and the seats near the window give a good view outside. Great selection of cocktails. I ordered the bombshell which was a nice boozy drink with whisky and amaretto. I did not go to the loft bar but it looked nice and cozy up at the top floor. The service was pretty good for a Friday night and the atmosphere was very laid back and casual. Definitely would come back with a small group for drinks.
I rejoice every time a new cocktail bar opens in Philly. The location is prime, located conveniently on a side street off of 13th and Spruce. This place is designed to look and feel like library upstairs, which was where we sat.

House cocktails range mostly between $10-12, which is competitively priced in Philly. They also have a fairly wide assortment of beers and wine, but for $7/beer, you're better off just getting cocktails. The waiter was relatively new and wasn't yet very knowledgeable re: what the bar offered off the menu, but he was extremely friendly, accommodating, and never hesitated to go downstairs to ask.

They close at 10pm on weekdays... ten pm??? Oh well, the spot wasn't very packed, so head there before they become more well-known!
This was such a cute cocktail lounge place. Their Decour is like the library you walked in and upstairs there's a library and The menu is from a book. The cocktails are very well-made. 

This is a great place to invite your date to. Its a great place to have a drink and a conversation.
Loved this spot! It's such a cute cocktail bar and their drinks are amazing. I love a good drink boozy drink with egg whites and this place hit the spot. I kept debating whether to give it a 4 or a 5, like the atmosphere is cute but it's not like you're going to turn up here and mostly I thought it needed to be a bit darker so it could feel more intimate - there was a lot of light at like 11:30 pm on Friday night which caused me some sort of cognitive dissonance but decided on a 5 because A) the place is cute af, B) the staff and owner are so cute! The owner came and talked to us to see how we liked it and all, C) the drinks are the bomb dot com. 

We tried like half of the cocktails on the menu. My favorite was probably the empire (has a whiskey, egg whites, cardamom, and nutmeg yummmm). They found such a great balance in all the drinks we tried. 

The place was also adorable with the books to actually read, the somewhat obstructed view of the city that somehow made the view more edgy. The place was a great find!
My wife found this place and we decided to stop by for a drink.  The downstairs bar was packed, but the bartender told us we could go upstairs.  We were seated at a small table and we were presented with a menu.  We ordered the long smoke and tumeric pisco sour, along with a glass of water.  The drinks eventually were brought out to us by someone else, but no water.  After about ten minutes, our waiter came back to see if we needed a water refill.  He then realized he never brought the water and grabbed one for us.  

The drinks weren't amazing, but it was a decent drink.  The table next to us inquired about our drinks.  They weren't thrilled with the menu and didn't even like the one drink they got.
I really, really like this place. I want to like it even more than I already do, but they would have to add space to accommodate the upholstered seating that I have a predilection for, like armchairs and sofas. Still, for a tiny space that's about the size of an upscale studio apartment in NYC, this is awesome. There are about 10 seats at the bar and a few more facing the street from the window, and it's been pretty packed, with lots of people standing, every time I've gone. And no wonder - the cocktail menu is creative and excellent, and the bartenders, all of whom have been really nice and friendly the times that I've gone, do a great job of putting them together. There's also a considerable beer and wine selection, as well as a few mocktails for the non-alcohol inclined. They have a decent, tapas-esque food selection too for nibbling. I haven't tried any of the food myself, but it's the sort of detail-oriented place where I figure they'd do everything well. The menus are tucked into books, in keeping with the theme of the bar, and the walls are covered with word-searches through lettered tiles that hide the names of famous authors. It's nice to hang out here with friends, or if you come during a quieter hour, it's a great spot to fly solo too.
 
The real value-add of the spot for me is that they also offer COFFEE drinks. And not just drip coffee - they do espresso as well. I'm not sure if they do espresso drinks like lattes, because I haven't actually seen a coffee menu here (I just straight up asked for espresso and they had it), but they might. I've had a really hard time finding places that do both coffee drinks and have a full bar in Philadelphia (let alone both - nary a coffee cocktail to be found), but this seems to be one of them. I'm always on the lookout for cute little drink nooks to do some reading or writing, and this is a great place for that.
Not impressed in the slightest.

Empty bar upon arriving followed by 4 couples coming in right after us. Not enough bar seats and unfortunately the upstairs wasn't opening for another hour they informed us. Bummer.

Boss lady drink was about 80% full as I watched the bartender add more ice to make it look like a full cocktail. Very strong and sweet but not very good. The sangria was not that great. We planned on at least two beverages before leaving but left within 30 minutes of arriving.

We won't be returning.
Interesting concept with delicious cocktails. 

I stopped in with a few friends to grab drinks. I had the turmeric pisco sour and the lady boss. Both of them were SO good! Well balanced and not too sweet. We also joked that the pisco sour is essentially a health drink - protein from the egg white and turmeric has so many health benefits! You're basically doing your body a favor. My friend really enjoyed the gin gin (with candied ginger pieces) as well. 

The place is 3 levels, although the 3rd floor is really small. We sat on the second floor and enjoyed the cool globe lanterns and library feel. Service was excellent and we really enjoyed chatting with our server!

The second floor wall is also lined with outlets for you to charge your phone! I love that idea. I'll definitely be back!
If you haven't been to the Writer's Block Rehab (WBR) yet, then you should -- and here's why: 
1. Well, "it's five o'clock somewhere." Aka for "Let's get a drink." 
2. It's library-themed bar, tucked away down a backstreet bar. 
3. Cozy, two-story bar (love that cluster of globe chandelier!) narrow bar on the first floor and more spacious on the second floor. 
4. Friendly bartender creating an amazingly easy-to-drink craft cocktails. Fancy a crimson  cocktail?  No matter the book genre, there's a cocktail that is just right, just choose wisely from many sophisticated glasses, the Passion has red lips ($12) won't leave any red stains.
5. I had a moment with the Turmeric pisco sour ($14.)

Four and Half Yelps
This place is so cute! Randomly decided to pop in here with a friend after dinner down the street and really glad we did.

The atmosphere is very laid back, the decor is really awesome and the "library" seating upstairs actually has books for you to peruse. Oh, and the drinks are pretty great as well. 

I ordered a "Not a Night Cap" and my friend got the "Black Pearl". Both were really delicious. 

If you're looking for a unbelievably nice, cozy & unique spot to grab a cocktail or two, definitely come here. I can't wait to come back to take advantage of their happy hour special!
It took a while to try this place, and it was just fine. The cocktails were pretty good, but for the promises of this place, I feel like the layout and lighting are definitely in need of something ... there's a bit of a mismatch between the attempted vibe and its execution. 

The downstairs is easily crowded, while the upstairs ... seems like it could be cool, if more attention were given to the design. I'm always willing to give a place more points if the quality outshines the design, but I think this doesn't happen here, and that cocktail bar and ambience are indeed tightly coupled.
Brought a couples friends here from NYC. The concept is really cute. It's a small 3level lounge type setting. The first floor is a typical bar setting. The 2nd floor is a lounge area and the decor resembles a library/book store. The 3rd floor is another bar with a few sitting options. The drink/food menu comes stapled to pages of a book, giving a feel of "reading in a library." I love that they have mocktails; a breath of fresh air from having to order the typical soda options.
I don't really see a reason for coming here other than to take some neat Instagram photos. And I didn't even do that while there! From what I had seen review-wise, I was excited to check out what appeared to be a very intimate cocktail bar. Instead it was a strange, 3 story building that felt inordinately cold and artificial. The "library" is wallpaper. I feel like an actual writer would hate that so it feels like an odd note. There were cute things (hence the Instagram-y appeal of this place) like the drink menus were inside books and the globe chandelier is totes adorbs, but these cutesy things on their own do not a good cocktail bar make. I didn't see anything in the drink selection that sounded particularly new or exciting, but the drink I did get was fine. Just not worth returning for...unless I decide to spruce up my Instagram.
Great little spot hidden from the tourist in busy downtown Phila.  Had a fabulous Vodka and Arugula Martini and plan to go back an sample the other creative cocktails.  Fun decor, while sitting at the counter you can always find the writers names hidden within the letters on the wall.  Upstairs is whimsical and cozy, and comfortable in the blue highback sofas.
I went to Writer's Block with a friend at 7:30pm on a Friday. The space is small but there are three separate floors, so we were seated immediately. I enjoyed the atmosphere which was very casual and relaxed, (and allowed me to actually hear what the person next to me was saying), so overall I'd say it's a good space to have a quiet drink or to start out a night. 

We each ordered one drink while we were there. I ordered a cocktail with earl grey and ginger (which our waiter claimed was the sweetest drink on the menu) and my friend ordered a cocktail with lime. I thought my cocktail was good but great, and certainly not very strong. His drink I was less excited about, (and unfortunately he felt similarly). The drinks are on the pricier side (similar to other cocktail bars and speakeasies in the city) which would be fine if the drinks were on par with those locations, but unfortunately they're just not as creative and not as strong.

I'd definitely come back with a friend who was interested in trying the place out, but I wouldn't rush back otherwise.
Really cool spot in a hard to find alley. Super nice staff and creative drink menu. Three floors and an ultra-relaxed vibe. Well worth a late night drink stop.
Came in for drinks with a group yesterday prior to dinner. I had high hopes but honestly the group overall wasn't thrilled with the cocktails. 

My enjoyable cocktail was their twist on a Pisco sour, which they added turmeric to which I really enjoyed, but my second drink, a vodka cocktail with hibiscus missed the mark. Sadly the drinks our group got had the same feeling. The mixture just fell short a little. We didn't try everything on the menu by any means so I'm sure there are some decent other cocktails there, but our group left feeling like our drinks were just nothing special.

It's a small place so be aware of that if coming in for drinks with a larger group or during happy hour etc. that it may be crowded.
Would love to find a place to get some work done over a nice cocktail but...

....NO WIFI

what kind of writer's block rehab has no wifi?!?!?!
They have great cocktails! This place still feels like a bit of a hidden gem so I appreciate that as well. It seems like they are opening up the upstairs a little more since my last few visits. That said , I think I'm converted to the greatness of the downstairs as it has a nice window that you can sit at that opens up to the street on a nice day or evening. 

Last time I was there I had one of their frozen cocktails and it was delicious! They make some amazing concoctions without the stuck-upness of a typical cocktail bar. We ordered some snack mix too which was a great compliment to the drinks. I also love that they have their drink menus in actual books.
I love this place! Not just because it's so close to my home (although that does make it more appealing). 
Writers block is a cute little cocktail bar featuring literary themed cocktails in varying flavors and types of alcohol. The whole place is committed to the theme: the menus are presented in novels, and scrabble tiles line the wall. Bonus points for the Instagram-worthy top floor with globe lights and book-lined walls. But my favorite place to sit is in the counter during the summer-time, peeking out of the open windows. 
The drinks are really really good. They are strong and well made, featuring a variety of flavors depending on whether you like fruit-forward or more strong and smoky beverages. The cocktails do rotate (perhaps seasonally), but I recently had a delicious pisco sour that I would highly recommend. 
I've also noticed that this place now serves food! Although I haven't tried it yet, I did salivate over a cheese board on a neighboring table. I'll definitely post updates!
The pictures are extremely deceiving. I had this place bookmarked for the longest time and was excited to try it. I was expecting a bar with plenty of outdoor space and a library-esque indoor space (think The Library II in Voorhees). Instead, I arrived to find a 3 story building with the only outdoor seating being one half indoor/half outdoor bar on the first floor. The interior had library books and shelves alright.. on wallpaper. 

My group of 3 was seated on the second floor in a couch area by the window with a 2 person couch and 2 tiny bar stools. The menu was Microsoft Word Times New Roman printouts glued by a kindergartner inside the pages of hard back books. Despite the weak attempt at making this a "chill hangout" like they claim to be, we decided to stay for a round of drinks and an appetizer. That is until they informed us that the beer keg was tapped and they were out of avocados due to a shortage. 

None of the cocktails caught my eye, and nothing about my short lived experience here makes me want to return.
I had a to a double take when I first walked toward it. Down a sort of back alley street in center city, you come upon what looks like a row home that has been made into a quaint bar.
They have a really nice, extensive cocktail menu and it generally is not too crowded during the week, so can be a really great date/catchup spot if you are looking to meet up. It is definitely better to visit in the summer when there is a little bit of outdoor seating and they can open the window in the front, because this is a SMALL venue downstairs, I mean it really cannot hold many people otherwise.
There is a nice upstairs lounge but again this is small and can fill up quickly.
Overall- I think its a nice chill off the beaten path spot, just don't expect to go with a large group.
When you first enter, the space is a little confusing. There's a narrow bar downstairs with less than a dozen seats to your right. But the action is really up the stairs. 

The host station upstairs is a little... non-existent, which is frustrating for a place with assigned seating. Luckily, we were able to get a seat on the third floor overlooking the bar. (However, someone brought a straggler guest to their party. The unexpected person had to give up their seat for us who had been waiting. The host graciously handled the situation, which I appreciated.) 

The cocktails are definitely the focal point of the menu. Each is interesting in its own way, with many highlighting herbaceous flavors. I started with a classic Manhattan, but decided to get more adventurous. My favorite was the Lady Boss (I mean, it's a great name), which was balanced and light with a touch of sweetness. 

Another wish we really had was that the bookshelves were real. For a themed bar, that aspect of the bar left something to be desired.
Great, funky, and relaxed bar with three floors. The place is floor to ceiling books and you feel like you're in a cozy cafe that just happens to be selling delicious cocktails. The waitstaff was friendly and the drinks were well-made. Overall a really cool spot that we will be sure to come back to.
In another episode of "how has Vichet not reviewed this place," Writer's Block Rehab is a charming little Philly rowhouse bar that has scrabble-style tiling and an upstairs library lounge.

The drinks are as stiff as a hardcover and reasonable-ish for the area.

It's also got kind of a Dr. Jekkyl and Mr. Hide type thing going on, being pretty mild-mannered during daylight and trendy-cool at night. I'm not cool at all but I'll stop by to see what it's like being cool for a minute.

Stop in if you're looking for cocktails that mostly feature three types of alcohol.
One of my favorite cocktail bars in the city. Perfect place to catch up with a friend, go on a first date (or third), meet up with an ex, or even just sit alone and think about your life choices. 

The bookish vibe will either make you feel literary and couth, or painfully nostalgic for the days when you thought it was possible to make a living as a writer while still being able to afford $14 cocktails.

You'll love the intimate atmosphere at the downstairs bar, and the service never disappoints. Bartenders shake up inventive cocktails quickly and are always good about checking up on you. Added bonus: one of them is very handsome. They are also respectful and recognize when patrons have had too many cocktails. I heard this from a friend.

My favorite drink is the All My Lovers: Prosecco, vodka, and rose served in a coupe glass and beautifully garnished with dried flower petals. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I could easily down 7+ of these in a row and still not tire of them. This drink tastes like a rose garden and makes me feel like a princess. 

Come to Writer's Block for the gorgeously crafted drinks, and stay until the bartender tells you you've had too many.
Writers block is a bit off the beaten path. It's super cute inside with tile letters on the walls, somewhat resembling a scrabble board. It's a tiny place, about 6 seats at the bar and 4 seats along the front wall. There's also an upstairs with extra seating. 

The menu changes seasonally. I didn't see the drink that I wanted, but the bar tender crafted me something similar. It was delicious! I wanted a spicy, fruity, tequila drink and he delivered. If I was in the area I would come back here again for a drink.
I take a walk in this neighborhood almost everyday and somehow have managed not to find this bar until last night. Tucked on Cypress, it stands alone. The building itself is narrow but there are three floors. On a weekday evening the first floor was comfortably crowded and the upstairs was not open. 
 Adorably decorated, extensive cocktail menu, quality drinks. There is a small food menu (snacks mostly), but as I did not have anything to eat I can't comment. 
Tried the Mint 75 & Passion Has Red Lips. Both were fabulous and reasonably priced when you consider the other similarly styled cocktail bars of the city. 
Find me here from now on.
I wasn't impressed at all.  I had been looking for an excuse to try this place for a while and was let down.  

The cocktails weren't very interesting.  I was disappointed how many of the cocktails were vodka based.  I feel like when making this sort of specialty/inventive cocktail there should be focus on other types of liquor.  With so much vodka it just reminds me of jungle juice.  Sure, these aren't jack-and-cokes but for what I thought I was walking into, it was a huge let down.

I feel like this place is the kind of place that was designed to look good on instagram, but there isn't any real reason to go in person.  The "library" theme is wallpaper (or a mural?), the furniture seems like IKEA, and the cocktails appear to be designed with looks in mind rather than taste.  It's hard to really put into words what I disliked about this place.  It just seemed... fake?  Maybe fake isn't the right word, but everything that Writer's Block Rehab is attempting has been done better by loads of other cocktail bars.  It almost seems like they tried to recreate Hop Sing, but just didn't understand what the appeal was.  

I like the globe chandelier.  Staff was friendly enough.
A cute bar that gets 5 stars based on our specific experience (mostly empty, well-lit, friendly service, tasty drinks.)

We came on a Wednesday around 5:45/6 and sat right at the downstairs bar, eye-to-eye with Sean, the friendly bartender. There were a few other patrons at the bar, but it never felt crowded or claustrophobic.

I ordered the Gin Gin, which had gin, ginger beer, and berry kombucha. The cocktail list has something for everyone - but definitely a splurge (most are $11+). Lots of interesting flavors and ingredients listed - I'll have to come back and try some more.
Being new to Philly, Writers Block Rehab had made it's way onto our list of cocktail bars to check out. After work one day, we decided to stop in and see what this place was all about, and boy am I glad that we did. It is such a cute little place - and with great ambiance. 

The cocktail menu is fun, and there is a solid selection (there is something for everyone - including wine and beer folks too). You can have a conversation, making for an even better and more chill experience. And for me, you cannot go wrong with that. 

They did have some bites, but since I knew it was a cocktail bar, I am not going to hold that against them. I am sure that this may be disappointing to some folks so wanted to call out that there may be a gap here for some.  

The staff was nice and attentive further validating that I should give it a five star rating. The only complaint that I have is that it is not as easy for me to get to as I would like (perhaps that is a blessing in disguise as I can imagine if it was a little too convenience, I could get myself in trouble).
This place has been in my bookmark of places to try out. So I finally had time to check this place out. I stopped in during a Thursday afternoon around Happy Hour but once I was seated I saw a sign that their Happy Hour starts at 6. No big deal. I don't mind spending a bit of money on good cocktails. this place is tucked away behind a parking lot. Super cute from the outside. As me and my friend was walking to the place we saw a table free with a few people already sitting outside so we decided to sit outside too. I saw a guy at the bar get up so fast as soon as he saw us and before we even got to sit down he was out the door and asked us for our ID. Can we please sit down first and ordered a drink before you ask us for our ID? Like how do you know if we just came for food?! Why do you need our ID before we even ordered our drinks? Anyways...he gave me and my friend weird vibes. Awkward. Then our waiter comes and we placed an ordered for 2 frozen cocktails. He wasn't even sure what the special frozen cocktail was but whatever. I shrugged it off. After we placed our order he walked back inside to the bar and I see him talking to the other guy who first approached us for our ID and I sense they were talking about us. Our waiter came back and asked for a credit card and explained that since we are sitting outside they need our credit card. No big deal but my issue is, why didn't you asked us for our card when we first ordered our drink?!?! Anyways, we shrugged it off again. We ordered Devils eggs and a cheese and meat board. The bartender from inside brought us our Devils eggs and I hear the waiter tell him that we ordered just 1 but the bartender was like No big deal I'll just give it to them. He was the friendliest person there. The 2 Stars is for him!!!! And only him. The service and vibe here was just off and I feel like me and my friend was treated like they thought we were some underage teenagers looking to dish and dine. Left this place with a bad taste and vibe. Definitely disappointed.
What a gem. Tucked away in a small alley way that's easy to miss by driving but once you're walking on Cypress St, you can't miss the bar. It's a converted standalone 3 story town house across from a parking lot.

Since I was the last of my party to arrive, I went straight up to the second floor. Have no idea what the first floor/bar area looks like, but the place was comfortably packed with people. Second floor has seats along the left wall, with small coffee tables. We were seated there first, and later on moved to the sofa lounge next to the windows which was much more spacious! 

Third floor is more like a loft, with bar seating for 5 overlooking the 2nd floor and some standing room. Great for pictures of the library-esque decor as the name suggests. 

Cocktails were on point and my favorite was the Turmeric Pisco Sour ($15). It was aromatic, frothy, and made for the perfect cozy drink to complement this bar's setting. Probably my favorite cocktail I've had in Philly so far!
Awesome drinks! I had the cucumber one (sorry, forget the name), but it was SO REFRESHING! I could have definitely done a few more rounds of this drink yesterday. One thing I think they lack in is types of alcohol available. I only had one drink, so didn't realize it until another girl came in and asked if they had rum. The bartender stated that they did not. No biggy to me and my friend bc it didn't affect us. Both our drinks were delicious

Our bartender was amazing. She was so outgoing and made us feel like we were at home. 

Decor - pretty cool looking. I loved the lights on the second floor along with the library theme to the place

Food - the best way to put it (or my friend put it) is they basically served vending machine foods. Like chips, nuts, crackers. They had meats and cheese boards, but nothing on the menu was hot. We decided to skip on this.

If you are hungry, this is not your spot! Make sure you eat and come for their awesome drinks. I will make sure I do this next time.
We were on our way to a show at the Kimmel and had a few minutes to pass. Passing by, we decided to stop in the Writer's Block for a couple drinks. As first timers, we were a little confused by the lay out and over all vibe. I have to start with the first floor... There was a very narrow bar space with a sign advertising Coffee? Ok, Coffee is a drink too - but it just seemed out of place and made me question whether or not to even continue my way through the door. We did and headed to the 2nd floor.

Seating is VERY uncomfortable if you don't score the couches near the window or sit up in the loft. They have small ottomans that are 2' off of the ground. Try crushing a few cocktails and getting up from that!
The music was very cool and the place is conducive to a conversation. The decor is a very fake looking "library" thing. Looks way better online than it does in person. The Globe Lighting Fixture on the 2nd floor is very cool!

On to the drinks...My wife had a couple glasses of red wine. I had a Rye Old Fashioned that was made to perfection. If we're going STRICTLY by the drinks served - this place gets one more star. A bar/cocktail lounge should be a total package. For me... I don't think that I'll be back, but there is undoubtedly a certain clientele that would make this their staple.
I noticed some of my friends had fancy cocktail glasses and tagged themselves here on facebook one day so I googled this bar. It looked pretty cool by the photos I saw, so my husband and I decided to stop by while we were in the area. We love trying all the new craft cocktail places that open up. 

I did like the multi level aspect of the bar. The first level looks like a chemistry lab, the second level is a library like atmosphere with books on the shelves, and the third level had more tables but I couldn't see everything that was up there. We sat on the 2nd level at a booth with a small table in front of it. 

I was a little dissapointed with this place. The bar looks a lot bigger in photos online, they must have used certain angles and illusions for the pictures to make it look bigger. I felt crammed in like a sardine in this place. And the table we were given to use was small and flimsy, every time someone walked by I picked up my drink because I thought someone was going to bump into the table. It was also very noisy there. 

Service was also somewhat slow. It took awhile  for our waiter to greet us, and then a good amount of time to get our drinks too. Our waiter also forgot to give me a glass of water I ordered. We only ordered 2 cocktails there, the long smoke and tumeric pisco sour. They were ok but not amazing. Their drinks are overpriced and not very creative, both of our drinks were $14 each. I've been to other craft cocktails bars that have way better drinks and charge the same or less. If they are gonna charge that much it should have like 6 different high quality ingredients in the drink, not 2 or 3. Go to hop sing or franklin bar, their drinks and atmosphere are a lot better.
Came here with a group of four and it was just ADORABLE. The menu is literally in a hard covered book (such a cute idea), the decor is right on theme and the drinks were tasty. This is a really good place for an intimate catch up sesh with family or friends or even a romantic date night out. I probably wouldn't suggest it for large groups because space is limited though! 

What I drank: Mymosa, pink sparkling sangria
Come inside, be enveloped by the larger than life crossword walls and immediately feel yourself transported deep into the space between the lines...and with some liquid encouragement, feel your muscle fibers loosen and your neurons set free their tight vesicles of neurotransmitters selfishly held hostage. 

Or don't be a geek and just enjoy some legit cocktails. Menus are tucked into old books. Flip through the pages, go chapter by chapter, or start at the end and work backwards. 

Whatever your fancy, this spot serves a sublime retreat. And maybe we will begin to realize that we are all but tiny droplets in the waterfall of life...and it is a miracle that we get to soar together for one wonderful moment. 

I had one more thought but it is escaping me. Please excuse me at it is quite possible I am suffering from
I stopped in on a late Sunday afternoon and snagged a seat at the bar. It was busy but not packed. 

The good: terrific service, killer playlist, chill vibes. 
The ok: my drink - I got the arugula martini ($12) and while good, just seemed overpriced for a 3oz serving. The size of my drink didn't resemble other pics of this martini on yelp so maybe it was an off day. 
The disappointment: the upstairs library was closed. What a bummer! I'd like to come back and check that space out (and hopefully add more stars to this review). I don't see a website or special hours listing anywhere online for the library so I'd probably call ahead to check or be content with moving on if I stopped in again and found it closed.
A great intimate spot in Gayborhood/Wash Square West!

Came here on a Saturday night around 8pm. It's a narrow 3 story stand-alone building with seating on every level. We opted for the 2nd floor where there's waiter service and can accommodate the most number of people. Since it was early in the night we were able to get seated right away. I noticed there were many couples and small groups of friends here and there was a constant flow of patrons. 

The arugula martini is one of the best cocktails I've had in Philly, I liked it so much I ordered it twice since my fiancé pretty much drank half of my first one because he liked it that much too. 

The library vibe/decor is an endearing idea just note there were actually just two shelf levels of real books w/ everything on top of it being painted books. Not that it really mattered to me. 

Service is very friendly. I think because it's relatively new occasionally service was slow but I'll take kindness over speediness any day!
Had a wonderful time here when stopped here to meet a friend. Had the wonderful pisco sour drink with saffron and turmeric. Was fantastic. The ambience is wonderful and the upstairs bar was fabulous. I spoke to the co owner whi said they r planning to start the kitchen up soon to serve finger food/apps which would make this perfect. Now only if i could bring a boardgame. Settler of Catan anyone?
Love this bar, the vibe and basic premise of a dream lived out loud.   Most especially I adore prosecco on tap.   Come for the quirkiness.   

à la minute...

Live bravely to create unknown
inside my mind; outside of time
But watch out world-
when she finally finds
Her own self/worthy.
Writing it down, recreating the sound 
that speaks loudest
in the silence.


Experience your best self.
Stopped by to visit this gem of a location while visiting my girlfriend.  Unfortunately the upstairs levels were packed but we did find a comfortable seat downstairs.  Our bartender Jason was awesome! (We did look around the second floor and I have to say the decor and ambiance were on point). I highly recommend checking this place out!!!
Great small space. Intimate with great service and friendly faces. If you're catching a drink or two , this is the place.
This is a small venue with multiple floors. I was excited to try a new place near by (right off of Broad Street). The cocktails are very well-crafted and there is a great selection on the menu. The menus are in the front of various books (each one a different novel).

Given the prices for the cocktails, I did think this venue was too casual. I'd prefer a dressier place for the price tag.
Atmosphere - I was eager to try this new place to drink since I loved the decor from the pictures and it looked like a cool place to hang out. I like how there are two different levels. The bar is on the bottom level and the mock library on the second. This provides two different settings depending on your mood. 

Service - Below average. Nothing was screwed up but we ordered two rounds of drinks. Two out of the three of us got their drinks and the third waited twenty minutes to get theirs. There was only one other table of 6 there at the time. The server also had an iPad to take down drink orders but still came back to ask the third person what their drink order was. What were you doing on your iPad? Playing Angry Birds?

Food - We got there about an hour before closing but was told nothing in the kitchen was available. Since we were having cocktails, I wanted something in my stomach even if it was just the Avocado toast on the menu. Unfortunately, that wasn't possible.

Drinks - Good variety. Creative. But weak.

Overall - It was painfully obvious that the staff wanted to get out early. We were told about last call before even sitting down. Then the kitchen was closed. The only thing we could get were pretzels or nuts. Basically, anything you didn't have to cook. 

I'm willing to chalk my experience up to just some bad timing as some issues would've been avoided if we had gotten there earlier but closing the kitchen an hour early seems a bit excessive. I might give it one more try somewhere down the road.

Points for: Atmosphere. Good drink variety.
No points: Service. Weak drinks. Kitchen closing very early.
Was happy to see this place open after watching it being built and went in to check it out. It was fine. My drink was a play on an Old Fashioned, bit sweet for me, and when the server asked how it was I told him the bourbon was masked and it could be stronger. He asked if I wanted another shot, if that would fix it. I said sure, since it made sense. And then the bill came, with the price of the cocktail $12 plus $10 for the extra shot. So for $12 it was a middling drink. For $22, well, no, I don't think so.
Loving this new little place in my neighborhood! Apparently they'll start serving food soon, but not yet. I had to review though, as everyone on staff here was SO nice! They kept our prosecco glasses full (they have prosecco on tap!!) & kept checking in on us. When we asked about food, the bartender Tom went & found us chips & nuts because he felt bad they weren't serving anything yet.

The place is small but adorable. We had fun finding authors' names on the wall. And seriously, every person that worked here was super friendly! It's hidden away but easy to find and convenient to all of Wash West & the subway. Not too loud, not too quiet, perfect for some drinks after a long work week. I'm coming back!
Philly is such a great food city that I don't explore nearly enough. On a recent trip up, some friends and I were looking for a great happy hour spot and we ended up at Writer's Block Rehab. Let me tell you - this place is tucked away down an alley and it had the best vibe. It was the cool library that my town never had, with a killer cocktail list and small plates menu. I was in love.

After opening up the menu which was meant to look like a table of contents, we decided to start with an order of the Avocado Toast. It's light and easy to share with a few people. The whole grain bread was topped with creamy avocado, a hard boiled egg, and sliced cherry tomatoes. Such a great bite to share.

For my drink choice, I started off with a vodka drink and ordered the Gimlet Comes Home. It was a classic combination of vodka, lime, cucumber, and mint but it was so refreshing in the summer heat.

One of my friends opted to order the Greyhound which was a mix of grapefruit vodka, prosecco, and grapefruit. I'm a sucker for anything grapefruit and the prosecco added a nice sparkling touch. This was another great drink.

The final drink we tried was a frozen cocktail called My Way or the Highway. This drink is customizable and we went with vodka with a mango flavor. I don't normally love slushies, but this was a great drink. It was so refreshing and I found myself dreaming about it in the warm days that followed.
As it went, we didn't see much of the Writer's Block, just the small downstairs bar. We arrived around 6 and it was just the right amount of active at that time. We took seats at the smaller window at to use the outlet there for phone charging (lucky find!). The bartender was friendly and invited us to go check out the lounge and other bar areas on the second and third floors, but we were cozy so we stayed put.

We stuck with cocktails (no food as we were in before dinner, but what went past us on the way upstairs from the kitchen looked and smelled great). We enjoyed perusing their menus that were incorporated into old books. There were also regular books to page through as well as well as very entrancing wall art that was a seek and find of author names. The downstairs bar was bright at that time of day because of the large front window but I think it would be the perfect amount of dark and intimate at night. The drinks were tasty and well balanced. My husband ordered one with beet juice in it and was it ever red! Made me a nervous wreck that he was going to spill it all over the place. My only disappointment in our visit was that they didn't have their daiquiris available while we were there -- sounded as if they didn't have all of the components at the ready at that early point in the evening. Oh well -- just a reason to stop back.

Finally, I was delighted to find that Writer's Block had very clean, gender neutral bathrooms! A lot of the bathrooms in the cocktail bars around town are very smelly (old urine mostly, gross to say, but it's true), and this was not the case here. Such a pleasant surprise. Could use a hook for bags/accessories, though!
Cool idea for a bar. Loved the scrabble board walls and the menu/book (yes it is a book!!). The cocktail menu covers a lot, they have drinks a seasoned cocktail drinker would enjoy and popular drinks for the masses, too. 
The decor is nice and clean, but the bar did seem a little small. It was cozy while we were there with most of the bar stools taken up, but I can imagine it would be cramped on a busy night. 
We only stayed for one cocktail, but I'd be interested in trying out the food, too! Would go back next time I'm in Philadelphia.
Writer's Block Rehab is a nice bar away from all the busy-ness of the city yet the comfort and feel of it. It is secluded from the main stream parts of the main roads like Chestnut or Walnut St so if you are looking for a chill bar to hangout with your friends, try this place out. Their cocktails are dope and tasty. I had their Buckingham, Tom Collins, and Shy Fox Lager. All were good.

The prices are a little expensive but casually drinking will make the experience more rewarding and memorable since the atmosphere is more than a typical bar. It's a chill hangout spot with a mature vibe. My cocktail were around $10 or more and beers were around $6-7. Grab a few drinks and kick back.
Beautiful and well designed space.  Very friendly staff and wonderful and creative cocktails.
Sooo cool inside! Drinks were delicious. We went with a big crowd (called ahead) for our friend's birthday. The staff was very helpful and checked in on us frequently. Great place, would definitely go again.
What a great new cocktail bar!  Don't miss the pisco sour (if you like turmeric and earthy flavors), which is an exquisite cocktail concocted with egg white for a perfect, frothy consistency. Service was nothing short of excellent - Brian, behind the 3rd floor bar, will keep a smile on your face.  If you're fortunate enough to meet the owner, Charles, you'll see that this place is headed in a great direction. Charles and Brian were a pleasure to meet and we can't wait to come back to try the updated cocktail menu that is to be released next week. In comparison to somewhere like Ranstead Room, the service and vibe here are much less stuffy and exclusive, while the cocktails are still on point. Five stars all the way and this place is only just beginning to launch.
Loved loved loved this spot. The owner, Ram, is so kind and put so much thought into the decor. The drinks are fantastic and fairly priced. They pride themselves on making good drinks with good liquor and little sugar (preferring natural ingredients to flavor instead). Definitely check out the upstairs while you're there! Ram handmade the globe chandeliers using 40 different globes he found. Truly amazing and highly recommend paying them a visit.
First off, this review is honestly a 4+ star review with a huge deduction for atmosphere thanks to some regulars who decided to be really unfriendly during our visit, and staff that didn't address the issue. 

Positives: Outstanding cocktails, great bartender, wonderful decor and mostly great atmosphere. Very creative cocktails and extremely good liquor selection.  Definitely worth trying on your cocktail crawl. 

Now onto the negative:

When we walked into this bar, it was very busy; there were two regulars sitting at the window seat.  They looked us up and down and loudly proclaimed "You're not invited!", followed by some snarky comments about our appearance (we were dressed appropriately, but apparently we weren't fashionable or cool enough for these two).  We decided to walk upstairs to the seating area which ended up being full, so we came back downstairs to get a drink at the bar.  The guys continued the commentary and loudly said "Oh no, they're back!" and then made more comments about us, followed by his boyfriend saying "You're so mean! But you're so right!".  

These regulars were seen schmoozing with someone who I assumed was either a manager or owner, and to be honest, if I had been in any of the employees' shoes that night, I would have kicked them both out for being supreme assholes.  The fact that the commentary was so rude and so loud and nobody said anything to these idiots makes an otherwise great experience turn sour.

We chose not to confront the two idiots and instead enjoyed one drink each before leaving.  The drinks were exceptional and the bartender friendly, just seeing two regulars friendly with management being allowed to be complete assholes made it not such a great experience.
Writer's Block Rehab is a tiny space, but it's so charming! The library-themed decor is great, right down to the menu book. The cocktails are great. I really liked the Lady Boss (whiskey, grapefruit shrub, bitters) - simple yet refreshing. My friend got the Lavender Marriage (gin, egg white, crème de violette, lemon) and said it was good, but thought that the crème de violette was a bit strong. I've been pleased with the beers I've tried here as well. 

My only complaint is that they're often out of certain beers and wines. I would understand if it was a one-time thing, but every time I've come here, they've been out of either a beer or a wine, or both. But if you're looking for a good cocktail, they don't disappoint!
Literally a hidden gem. After a long day, my sister, My friend, and I decided to go to a chill place to grab a cocktail. After we care if you places, we decided to come to writer's Block rehab. It was one of the best decisions we made. 

We were a little bit lost when we're trying to find this place because it is literally in between residential buildings. After seeing the small sign to this bar, we went in to find a cozy three story space. The gave us a seat and handed us menus (basically books) with interesting drinks. What drinks we got were all very unique and refreshing. There is also a very good selection of wine here, and there are small bites too!

We spent a good 2 hours here chatting away and enjoying this cute space. I love the theme of the whole bar and would definitely come back!
I have mixed feelings about this place. We came on a Wednesday night for a quick drink. The place was rather busy and music was being played loudly throughout the speakers. I assumed this place was going to be quiet like a library where people studied etc, while enjoying a drink... if you got writers block, does noise help!?- lol 

My drink was quite delicious, but I'm not sure if it was worth the cost. The environment didn't seem fitting for the price point. 

Maybe my expectations through me off for the experience I received. Overall- cool place, with a pricey drink. I did enjoy our check came in a book about the woman's libido! Good laughs!
One of the cutest bars I've ever been to! 

A group of friends and I went for drinks here on a Saturday afternoon. We sat outside but had to order drinks inside at the bar, which wasn't an issue at all. 

Menus are creatively placed inside of various books and items are literary themed. There are also free books to read on the windowsill, as well as a library on the second floor. Unfortunately, the library was closed at the time we visited, but there was still plenty to browse through. It's located behind a parking lot, so the view isn't phenomenal, but it's a great spot to catch up with friends or to catch up on some reading. 

My friend and I shared a pitcher of red sangria that was absolutely delicious and highly recommended!
The first time I attempted to patronize this place, it was actually closed on a Sunday afternoon when yelp (aka God) had it listed as being opened until 11pm. NOT pleased about the mis-information. (FAKE NEWS) I'd sure like to just decide not to show up for work also but unfortunately in my case, people might die. 

Second time I was invited to meet Tinasaurus in order to be introduced to her posse (aunt and uncle). Sure, I'll take an opportunity to get some attention. 

The walk to this place actually wasn't as bad as I was expecting, location is pretty central. 

I was juggling question answering and menu perusing simultaneously and struggling. I felt anxious to meet my companions at their intoxication level. My first beverage choice that looked delicious contained an ingredient that wasn't available. I feel like this has been a common occurrence recently in philadelphia. Such a let down. I had to settle for the next best thing: anything with tequila. I ordered something that was supposed to resemble a margarita. 

The drink itself was actually not to my liking whatsoever. My drinking partners however thoroughly enjoyed their beverages. 

The menu is actually a fucking book. Bonus points for the cleverness. 

There are also little bowls of food. Who doesn't love a little bowl of food?!?!? (Although a LARGE bowl of food is preferred). This was a mix of some sort. I DESTROYED it. I literally ate so much it was shameful. I was embarrassed. 

The bartender was great. Really friendly and engaging. He gave me a sample of what he made, basically an extra drink, for free. I love the personability (chrome is telling me that is not a word but you know what I mean). Hospitality is a better and real word. 

I'd come back for the bartender, the little bowl of food, and to sample some other beverages.

PS- apparently they have a tap of vodka. Dope.
We wanted to like this place--the decor is cute, and the interior is cosy. Drinks looks good, but all 4 of us in our party had watery cocktails. Our server was also very curt and visibly annoyed in answering our questions about specific drinks. He may have not actually had the answers, which is another concern altogether.  Overall, our experience left us wanting.  Def do not feel the need to give it a second chance.
Delightful little hideaway in center city. Small (not trying to do it all) expertly crafted and clever cocktail list - just what I look for in a cocktail bar. Relaxing and inviting vibe, and actually quiet outdoor seating since it's off the main roads! Lovely decor and friendly bartenders. Will be back soon!
Writer's block rehab is an interesting stand alone bar that's filled with books and word jumbles. By stand alone, I mean the building is literally isolated by itself! It can be tricky to spot, but if you're on spruce street between 13th and broad looking south, I'm sure you'll find it. While it may look boring from the outside, the inside is filled with bookshelves and a low key vibe. There are 3 floors- a lower and upper bar- and then the 2nd floor has small tables and seating areas. The menus are actually books and there are a nice array of drinks. While none of the drinks I had here were bad, some of the drinks were a bit overpriced. However, keep in mind I think one comes here more for the atmosphere. I think this place is a really cute date spot or a place to have deep conversations with friends. I'll probably be back here soon!
I'm so happy with this new "writer themed" bar in the city. I had walked past it a few times and finally went in for a drink. I was NOT disappointed. Seating is ample. they have a bar downstairs with stools. if the weather is nice they open the windows and you can sit up by the front. There is an upstairs with plenty of seating as well. the walls are lined with books and the service is impeccable. it's obviously "book themed" and your cocktails/drinks reflect that accordingly. i must say there are a lot (A LOT) of options for drinks/food so take your time and read through it all. I had two different drinks here and both were delicious. When you are done your check is delivered in an actual book (a cute touch). 

great atmosphere, you can do date night or come with your friends, either way you'll have a great night.
This is such a cute place. Slightly pricey but typical for Philly anymore. The ambiance is very relaxing especially upstairs. They also have games! The menu is just light food. But those deviled eggs yum. You can them without crab too. I have actually dreamt of those delived eggs. Service is fantastic. A must visit.
Great ambiance and probably one of the most unique spots that I have been to here in Philly. Even the location is removed from the main areas with lots of traffic. 3 floors that have different energies, but overall it's a really chill spot with a lot of fun cocktails. Book-themed with a number of different things to read while you're relaxing.
This was such a great place to grab some drinks before dinner. My husband and I had walked around Philly the entire day and figured we would grab some cocktails before dinner. We came across this spot on Yelp and was conveniently tucked in a small alleyway. We had the option to either sit at the bar downstairs but made our way upstairs to more of the "library." The place brings in a lot of natural light so it was great to sit by the window. The drinks were delicious, that I ordered seconds. The service is great and the vibe is pretty chill. I'm not sure if it's meant for large groups, I would say more of an intimate date place or a small group of 4 max 5 people. I would highly recommend this spot!
Charming staff served us a wonderful snack and delicious drinks in what can only be described as a wind-swept misbegotten parking lot. Pity as the interior of the place is very cozy and delightful. Make sure to bring a blanket and sit near the heat lamp!
Calling all book lovers in the city - this cocktail bar is totally for you. When you think of a cocktail bar hitting on all cylinders for having a "theme", this place has executed without a shadow of a doubt. From the well thought out wallpaper, to little knick knacks, to the cocktail book;you can't help but immediately fall in love with the ambiance of this place. Vibe wise - you can come by yourself and literally read a book in the corner while sipping on a craft cocktail; or bring a small group of friends and play couple board games. Drinks wise I recommend the Guava Mojo for all the rum drinkers.   

Tip -This place is small and for those who are trying to bring a large group - recommendation would be to go early.
Really good bar with a library theme - kind of has a speakeasy vibe. Menus are presented inside books. Wide range of cocktails- super smokey, fruity, herbal, they have them all. Also has a few beer/wine options and small bites like roasted nuts.
Stopped in last night for some pre-dinner drinks at around 6:15 and was hoping to have about two drinks before my dinner reservation at 7:15. When we walked in we were awkwardly greeted and when I asked if we could sit at the bar so we could just grab some quick drinks and close our tab when necessary and we were told they were only seating upstairs despite the entire bar being empty. The upstairs had very loud music and I could barely hear my wife who was sitting a mere 2 feet away from me. On Instagram they are advertising brand new menus that are pasted into old books but when we arrived at our table, which was dreadfully short compared to how high our chairs were, we had to scan QR code's taped to the middle of the table for the menu. Then it took about 10 mins for our drink orders to even be taken and about another 10 before they arrived at our table. At that point we had to ask for the check immediately as our reservation for dinner was now less than 15 mins away. Not only did they not give you an itemized receipt, the waiter comes over with an iPad and holds it while you enter all of your tip information which defaults to 20%. My drink was $15, my wife's was $13. Somehow when it came time to pay before I added tip, the bill was $34. I'm not a mathematician but 15 and 14 is 28, not $34. Then I tipped 20% and basically paid almost $40 for two
drinks that took forever and were just okay, especially for the price.
In the midst of a booze filled bonanza in Philly, I stumbled upon this gem - Writer's Block Rehab! Wow! What a cool and eccentric bar that's a bit off the beaten path in Center City! The bar has random pieces of literature mastery (aka classic books) lying around on the counter, in case you are trying to read some Robert Frost whilst downing a fancy and chilled Old Fashioned or Martini! Fantastic place to stop by for a drink, or 5...if I could rate the ambiance and decor, I would grant WBR an A++!! Go ahead and see for yourself!
Was here with a group. We didn't make reservations, but they were accommodating to our constant flow of people coming and going. The bar is 3 different levels, which you would think would make for a lot of room, but because of the seating arrangement it actually doesn't fit too many people. The manager was friendly, drinks were good, but not a lot of food options. All it all, fairly good experience. Since the place is new they're still ironing out the wrinkles.
Cute little cocktail bar. Small downstairs area for seating but the vibe is very nice, hip and cozy. 

Ordered the Mi Amigo which was a mezcal drink. Very tasty!
My friends and I loved this place! The vibe is super cool, and our waiter was very friendly and helped us with our drink choices. The drinks are so unique and we all enjoyed everything we got. This is a great pre- or post-dinner drink spot with a very eclectic menu.
Got the cucumber gimlet this time and liked it a lot better than the lady boss. It's lighter, more refreshing, and the alcohol taste is not very noticeable.
I just love, love, love this place. The ambiance and decor is perfect. The staff is super friendly and really great at recommendations. I love how the menu is put inside a book. So fun! And the drinks are TERRIFIC. I've never had a cocktail I haven't enjoyed.
Interesting cocktail bar with a library theme that is very instagrammable. The menu is formatted like a book and bookshelves lined the back wall. We sat upstairs which has a more upscale loungey vibe with high ceilings and natural lighting from the large windows. The cocktails were creative and I enjoyed my grapefruit and whiskey based drink (appropriately named Lady Boss!) which wasn't overly sweet. However, the overall environment is not particularly intimate or relaxing and just felt a bit too formal and stuffy for me to want to spend a free evening here. I would recommend it as a cute place to stop by for a quick drink before or after dinner in center city, not somewhere where I would spend several hours or bring a large group.
