Lord knows we needed an alternative to McFadden's at the Ballpark down by the stadiums. Thank goodness for the multi-bar megaplex, albeit poorly-named, Xfinity Live! (Hey Comcast: we get it, this is your brainchild. No need to be a whore about it, though.)

From the outside, X-Live just looks like a big gray building with some nice patio space. But inside is a mini-mall of bar-restaurants, with an absolutely gigantic screen taking center stage in the main crossroads. 

As others have said, the passageways between different areas are tight. There's a very large, unavoidable VIP area that taunts the commoners with its comfy chairs, ample space and barely-covered cocktail waitresses. What one must do to gain access to this cushy space, I'm not sure. It probably isn't cheap. There's also an upstairs area that hosts some of the sports shows, along with the upper echelon of the Philly sports world. Upon first walking into Xfinity, I immediately spotted Bernie Parent hanging out by the balcony above. Awesome. 

I'm not sure if the crazy crowds are due to the dire need of a hang like this, or if it's just opening curiosity getting the best of everyone. I suspect the former, though. On my two visits, I breezed through the Victory pub and the Broad Street Bullies bar. It seemed like every individual bar had their own entertainment, and it was less crowded in the bars than in the central space (though not by much). The best part of all are the outdoor areas which lend themselves to day-drinking in the sun. 

I envision hanging at this complex even when I don't have tickets to the games, because I like being surrounded by people who are into sports as much as I am. Let's go Flyers!
It's quite fantastic to have all the stadiums and arenas in one spot.  To have shared parking lots makes a lot of sense, and a central place to have multiple bars and restaurants proved to be a lot of fun.  Last week on Monday night, I went to Xfinity Live before the MNF game between the Eagles and Redskins.

They charged a $10 cover, but that's cool.  Surrounded by the Miller Lite stage with live band and outdoor bars, then inside, numerous restaurants, bars, and fast food eateries, all-the-while, TV's with sports everywhere.  Because it's open and all connected, it has the feel of a party.

My co-workers and I had a blast, and it was a great way to spend a couple of hours before the game.
I planned a work party here for 20 people with a reserved room overlooking the main area, two hour buffet and open bar with a $500 minimum. It was very difficult for XFINITY Live!'s event coordinator to respond to my emails within an appropriate amount of time. Our bartender by the Skybox was constantly playing with his phone, showing my co-workers pictures of his girlfriend, and generally being a dick. 

The wings were dry. As in, no sauce at all. Burgers were like pucks. Our group had a great time, and the concept of the place is cool, but I wouldn't order food let alone hold an overpriced event here again.
I usually hate malls. However, instead of retail stores, there were only bars and restaurants, and the main area had more bars, beautiful cheerleaders and a HUGE screen. Now THAT I can get into.

That's basically what this place is. A mall for people who like watching sports, eating and drinking.

And your best bet is to do what I happened to do - walk through the main doors and immerse yourself in the experience all at once. Such a feast for the senses.

I went here for a good ol' NFL rivalry game between the Giants and the Eagles. The aforementioned cheerleaders were doing their thing. Fans of both teams reacting to the plays. Announcements via the PA hyping up the crowd.

Victory doing their thing with providing some of the best beers, from their classic Prima and Golden Monkey to their less common (or new) Dirtbag double IPA, Braumeister Pils or even a Sour  Monkey.

Victory has their own restaurant, but they allow you to take their glasses out to the main area. It's a beautiful thing.

1100 Social, on the other hand, doesn't seem to understand the whole concept for Xfinity Live. Womp womp!

Chickie and Pete's serving up crab fries which absolutely hit the spot. Granted I was 4 beers deep on an otherwise empty stomach, but I think their fries and dip would have been good otherwise.

Geno's was quite terrible. I already don't like their main location, but reheating precooked beef is a SERIOUS no-no in my book. Who even thought that was a good idea?? And of course I ordered like a normal human being - none of that "Cheez whiz wit" coming out of my mouth. 

So basically, this place has an amazing atmosphere, but has room for improvement. Scrap any non participants like 1100 Social and get a better representative for Philly Cheesesteaks. And just make sure Victory stays there forever. As well as the gorgeous cheerleader on the center left. Oh my heart!
Remember in Gladiator when Maximus would teater the line between life and death and would be walking through the fields of Elysium? I too have had these moments but instead of life and death the line I walked was between sober and drunk and instead of Elysium I would be walking through a giant sports bar completely dedicated to Philadelphia teams. 

So when I arrived at Xfinity Live Saturday for the Flyers Phillies back to back there was something eerily familiar about this place that I had only seen in my subconcious. 

I called on Thursday to reserve a booth which was a huge move as the place was pretty packed. To reserve a booth you have to spend $240 which I did not see being a problem considering the amount of time we would be staying there. The booth was in the dead center of the NBC Sports Arena and to be completely honest, it is a very close second to actually being at the game.

It's extremely loud, complete with a regulation sounding goal horn, and the Flyers after goal song. I actually lost my voice from yelling the entire game. The only thing that I found weird was that they don't have beer menus and they don't offer pitchers or beer towers. Besides that it was all good, the food was decent and they had Hop Devil on tap.

It's not cheap and we definitely surpassed the $240 minimum but everyone had such a good time it was more than worth it.  I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of Sunday afternoons in this place too.

Thank God for Ed Snider.
Philly did it right having this huge place with several different bars inside.  There is the main bar in he middle with a huge TV playing the main game.  It's a philly based bar so if any philly teams are playing that's what will be on the screen.   Nice seating area with a decent beer selection. Food was good as well the wings were delicious and the cheese steak eggrolls were good too.  

The place gets really crowded so come early for a seat.  The atmosphere was great. Fans were into the game and there was a DJ there playing music during commercials.  Philly fans are di hard fans with attitude. 

I been here a few times I come from North Jersey. To watch my flyers play to enjoy it with Philly's best.  Great place to pregame too before a game in the stadiums and arena.
Wow, so much hatred from the folks to a place that idealizes Philly culture, super odd. As a Jersey girl, I actually am super jealous that we don't have a place like this across state lines to enjoy bar hopping during these frigid winter months.

The concept is like an indoor plaza = one bar at every corner with it's own theme and DJ, then a centralized location with another DJ or event. I came here on Halloween and the place was bumping with everyone in really amazing costumes and a sweet open bar price at $30 a person. Then we came on a regular night and enjoyed myself even more! The crowd is 21 - early 30s and super friendly.

What to expect:

The Western bar's main attraction is not the Mechanical Bull, BUT the PEOPLE riding it. Combine this with a few half naked go-go dancers and $4 whiskey shots, you will have a good time.

Then walk across the hall for some live rock music and dance on large lunch room-esque tables to sweat it out like it was 1999. The band plays all cover songs and the crowd can get pretty friendly up on the sweaty tables, so be aware.

The last small room is the hip hop room towards the back. This is my favorite room, not just because of the music BUT bc if you are a female and dance on the bar top...you get to have a FREE SHOT from a flamingo cup.

Last the main area has either a guest DJ or the last time we went a fight on their cinema theater screen which is awesome. 

Then as if the night could not get any better, there is a place that sells buckets of Chickie & Pete's crab fries and another spot that sells cheese steaks!! All the best of the best in one spot, now if they only added a Federal Donuts in here...I may just never leave.
Considering my penchant for intelligent conversation and good atmosphere while actually having the ability to sit down, I assumed I wouldn't enjoy a carnival-type atmosphere filled with theme bars and drunk, confrontational tourists.  However, an acquaintance of my girlfriend happened to be having a birthday at Xfinity, and I, not one to unabashedly hate something without experiencing it first, reluctantly agreed to tag along.  

My initial warning signs arrived during our subway ride to the stadium area.  After the Oregon stop, all passengers remaining on the train reeked of cologne and could only express themselves whilst reaching decibel levels that would rival a space shuttle launch.  As there were no sporting events that particular evening, I assumed these booming steroid machines would be our compatriots for the evening.

Upon our arrival, we immediately found ourselves at the end of an ever-growing, large line to get inside.  As a frequent patron of alcohol-seving establishments, I recognize that there are only two reasons for a large line at a front door; the illusion of exclusivity and poor crowd control, neither of which are high on my list of ingredients for a good night.  I, however, gave them the benefit of the doubt and assumed that there was just a bottleneck during the carding process.

Once inside, any anxiety caused by the large line was immediately eclipsed by the sheer unmanageable size of the crowd we had to attempt to maneuver through.  A circle pit at a Slayer show, a Beijing subway car during rush hour, a Florida Best Buy during Black Friday: these are all practically a free-form yoga space in comparison to Xfinity Live on a Saturday night.

But this place offers something for everyone, right?  Sure, if you're a complete schmuck.  As it turns out, although schmucks are many, no two schmucks are alike, much like a fingerprint.  An incredibly loud, douchey fingerprint.  Xfinity contains a large common area in the middle containing various floating bars.  This area is useful if you're a beginner at large groups of brodudes and you'd just like to get the general overview.  It's like a college general education class; you're not going to get a fine-tuned view of anything in particular, but the foundations are laid for you to move forward with a more specific subject you might enjoy.  

Finished your gen-eds and looking to personalize your fist-pumpingly excruciating experience?  You're in luck.  Want to eat Chickie and Pete's but are unsatisfied with the low price tier of the original establishment?  No worries, their satellite establishment at Xfinity offers the same greasy drunk food at a 150% markup!  Do you enjoy Victory's fine craft beers but pale at the suggestion of having to drink with quiet, polite individuals?  No problem!  Xfinity's Victory bar can give you the beer you love with all the top ten jams and shameless female objectifying you've grown accustomed to!

We, however, found ourselves at an establishment called PBR Bar.  Although I don't enjoy PBR, I welcomed the opportunity to change my social dynamic by drinking myself into a stupor.  Perhaps I misinterpreted the name, as once inside, we were greeted with some sort of dumbed-down version of Coyote Ugly.  I still hadn't figured out the name, although at this point I was certain it had nothing to do with Pabst.  I tried to get a drink for my girlfriend and I, however the bar was blocked end to end with gelled-up drunks nursing the idea that the cleavaged blonde bartender actually DID have a crush on them.  It's like the nameless thugs who continue to shoot at Superman.  They've seen everyone else's bullets bounce right off his chest, but they're somehow still convinced that their bullets are special, and if they're just persistent, they will prevail.

After getting my straight whiskey and my girlfriend's beer for the unreasonable sum of $15+ (don't forget to tip your bartender's tits), I found myself exhausted from the ordeal.    Also, it was becoming increasingly apparent that there wasn't enough alcohol in the entire building to get me to enjoy myself.  I resigned myself to sipping my whiskey on the smoker's patio while doing deep-breathing exercises to keep my blood pressure from skyrocketing.  We managed some strained conversation over the loud (and horribly chosen) music before deciding that were were obviously not the demographic this place was built for before we decided to go home, drink wine and talk about space.

Bottom line: Xfinity live was built as a sensory overload chamber for those who would like to be surrounded by other excessive drinkers while standing on a sticky floor.  If you're looking for an iota of culture and atmosphere, I suggest you leave well enough alone.  If you want the same experience, put on LMFAO at max volume and jam a needle filled with air into your aorta.  You'll save money and won't have to work out the logistics of a $20 cab ride home once the subway shuts down.
Think about the craziest sports bar you've ever been to in Philadelphia. Multiply that by one-thousand and you're probably getting pretty close to the energy level inside XFINITY Live! Philadelphia on Football Sunday. 

I came here with my guy friends for the Eagles vs Redskins game on 9/21 which, for the record, was probably one of the most intense sporting events I've ever watched. 

There's only a $5 cover--pretty unbelievable (in a good way). Expect standing room only unless you arrive at 6am or even earlier. Inside, it's absolute chaos. There's really no way to describe the experience in words but if you're an Eagles fan, the level of camaraderie is so high, you will basically explode with adrenaline. 

The drinks and food are relatively expensive but the service is quick because there are about a million servers walking around. 

Everyone screams their heads off and hugs and cries with joy when the Eagles score. If you are not an Eagles fan, you will be publicly ridiculed several times throughout the game. Seriously. 

As a Philadelphia fan of all sorts, this is a very feel-good place. I will definitely return.
I realize this place has only been open for over a week but here's how I feel this goes down.

The facility in general is treated like a downtown club, yet presented like casual sports bar (or 6-7 of them). This may be biased as I realize that a glass of beer at the Victory Beer Hall may be a slight bit expensive, the way they treated their customers was substandard. 

When the patio that was built at the beer hall amongst all the bars was open, one could not reenter the bar of origin when trying to use the bathroom as the indoor bar was "at capacity" even though the consumer had purchased drinks in the bar and was intending on completing a journey from the restroom back to the outdoors (as the indoors area was crazily busy). The proprietors of the facility have not taken into account that they would need to limit the flow of customers into the indoor service area if they want to make traffic and comfort a viable option.

When walking back into the main bar, the majority of clientele could only be described as tryouts for "Jersey Shore". This is not a slight against the character of the bar, yet only a sign of the times. When I asked the gentleman guarding the entrance of the cocktail bar what he was standing next too, his appearance and demeanor established that people who weren't in suits/were "commoners" were going to have to have some financial collateral to enjoy a drink or the atmosphere of said bar and its upstairs area.

Overall I'd say that while the place is in the infant stages of being the "Xfinity" experience, they should work on not treating the area like a Jersey Shore night club and make it more friendly to those of us who enjoy craft brews at places such as the Victory Beer Hall rather than creating a sensory assault that transcends between bars.
A group of three of us came in from out of town for a game. We arrived super early so decided to hangout at  Broad Street Bullies Pub before the game thinking we could have a beer or two since the game didn't start for another two hours. They seated us at a high top bar table, my seat was wobbly, no big deal. The waitress told us the beer menu was on a scrolling screen so it took some time figuring out what we each wanted. Beers were about $6-9 each. The waitress came back took our drink order, and said they were out of the beer I wanted - it was seasonal. (It's a digital menu - if you don't have it, it shouldn't be on there. It's not like you have to send it to a printing press.) That's fine, I picked something else. 

She came back and asked what we would like to eat. We said, Oh we were just planning on having drinks. She instantly looked annoyed and said if we weren't eating, we couldn't sit there. I'm thinking uhhh, what? We are in a pub, right? I asked her what we should do?  She said we could try finding a seat at the bar and she would be back with our check. 

We just spent with tip $30 for three drinks and had only been there about 15 minutes, but were essentially being thrown out for not ordering food. (We had just had our first famous Philly cheese steak and weren't even hungry.) So there we were with a full beer in one hand and juggling our coats and stuff on the other arm, meanwhile almost all of the tables around us were empty. We walked three laps around the bar with no empty seats. Then stood there, obviously in the way of the wait-staff by the looks we were getting. I could see a pattern here. This must happen to everyone that comes to this 'pub'; which would explain why the bar was full and the rest of the place was empty. 

Don't get me wrong, I get it. They want you to spend more money. However, these kind of rules sound good in theory, but were probably imagined by some middle or upper management person who doesn't realize the kind of terrible user-experience this is in reality. In an effort to drive sales, they've cut out an entire market segment of people willing to spend the same amount of money as the food-eaters.

My last tip: Places that force you to order food shouldn't be called "Pubs", they're called "Grills, Restaurants, Cafes, Bistros, etc." Needless to say, it's unfortunate this was my first impression, because I won't be going back.
Okay. I'm not the demographic they are looking for here. That demo is the 21 -27 year old crowd. You need to be 21 to enter cause they card you. And you need to be a big beer drinker (and willing to pay $5.00 for a Miller Lite) because that's basically what they are selling here. Any you have want to want to be a "party person" because - despite the TV screens - the music is loud and trying to create a vibe.  

I went for my first - and probably last - visit last night. It was packed at 7pm even though the parking was not free since there was an event at Wells Fargo Center.

The food options are the Spectrum Café - a quiet upscale restaurant with prices equaling The Palm, Another place with burgers in the $9.00 range. Chickie and Pete's walk up window (with a long line) selling just Crab Fries at $9.00 (cheese was $1.50 extra), A raw bar - Shrimp 6 for $12. - and The Original Philly Cheese steak. I chose the latter and they had two kinds of Cheese Steaks - Rib Eye and another kind of beef). Sign said Sandwich with, or without, onions $9.00 (for the rib eye) Cheese was $1.00 more. Nothing comes with it.  I ordered one with onion and no cheese and presented my credit card. The receipt came out showing $10.00 (plus tax). I asked if there was a charge for onions. The employee said "yes, $1.00). I pointed out that the sign said "With our without onions $9.00". She said "the sign is wrong". I asked for a manager - I was annoyed - and he came over. I pointed out the issue. His reply: "It's whatever the machine - meaning the register - charges.". This from a possibly educated person. Anyway, after they realized I was walking away, they just gave me a dollar bill. How was the sandwich?  I've had better from street vendors (for $3.50 INCLUDING cheese).

So if you want to be with the "in crowd", drink pricey beer and crab fries, and have funds to spare, go. But you won't see me there.
Sports! I like em...

This place is so shiny and new...I can't wait to see it in a year....

I think your opinion of Xfinity will depend on the night you go.  On an weekend night after the Phils win, this place has the potential to attract the Bro's and Ho's of Philly as a stage to display their mating rituals.  However, those of us less inclined to put massive amounts of gel into our hair can still have an awesome time here.  I had such an evening last night as it was a Wednesday, the sixers were the only team in town, and they were playing the Raptors.  My friend and I only had time for one beer after we walked around a bit.  We both got Leinenkugel's (though the bartender said it was the summer shandy, it wasn't) and sat outside to enjoy the beautifull night.  What can I say, I like fruity beer, 60 degree weather and andirondack chairs.

The staff was ridiculously helpful, opening doors and being overly friendly (are we in South Philly anymore toto?).  

Needless to say, despite the probability of encountering dude douchery and other antics, I will be back!
These kind of places have you by the balls. If your going to see a sporting event and want a bite to eat Xfinity Live is a stones throw away. I can't speak about everyone else's server however the server I had was terrible. We asked him what were drink specials were he had no clue, he ran down and asked someone what the specials were. And returned to inform us there were no drink specials currently running. We then tried to order a virgin pina colada. He wrote down the order and then proceeded to the bar where I guess he was informed that they do not have frozen drinks. That was our second time trying to order a drink and the third time, we tried to order one of the non-alchoalic drinks which he said they do not have. 

Needless to say we settled on a pineapple and cranberry. Sampler is pretty pricy for the amount of food that you receive. I left saying I have never pay so much money for food and left so hungry. Usually if your paying a high price for a meal it is usually because of the outstanding service or the outstanding food. Xfinity fell short on both ends of the table.
Rarely would I write a review for a venue which I actually didn't make a purchase but their Web site's failure to post key information nearly ruined my night. 

After travelling more than six hours from Los Angeles for my sister's graduation from Penn, all I wanted to do was sit at good bar and watch my Stanley Cup Champion Los Angeles Kings eliminate the St. Louis Blues in game six of the conference quarter finals. A Google search determined that XFINITY was the closest sports to the hotel and it offered giant screens with several beers on tap (although I need is Yuengling when I'm in PA). Here's where XFINITY fails.

Nowhere on the site is it mentioned that the XFINITY 'compound' has a $20 cover charge and a dress code after 9pm. You read that right. Twenty. To get into three sports bars and a rodeo bar. I will admit the doorman was as polite as could be when apologizing that jerseys and caps were not permissible attire. Fortunately, he pointed out McFadden's across the street as an option and I'm glad he did. For a good review, check out my take on McFadden's Restaurant and Saloon.

Considering how terrible as the NBC Sports network is at covering the Olympics and Stanley Cup Playoffs, it should come as no surprise that the NBC Sports Arena at XFINITY Live fails to meet expectations.
The options by the stadiums are limited - either being crammed in at McFadden's or in the crowds at Chickie's & Pete's (and then walking a half mile). I was pretty skeptical about the opening of Xfinity Live! and I have to say, this is really impressive. Is it crowded? Definitely. Be prepared to wait in a few lines. Is it expensive? A little - but no more than typical stadium pricing. 

The outdoor patio by Victory Beer Hall is wonderful - picnic tables, a fire pit, and an outside bar. The inside (the Marketplace) is a little tough to navigate with VIP seating and bars in the center, but everything is well marked and the crowds were moving. 

- Happy hour M-F from 4-6. Half price drafts, which means Victory Golden Monkey for an easy to swallow $3.50. [NOTE: Since changed to Thur & Fri only at Victory; M-F at Broad Street Bullies]
- You can go straight to the patio if you go through the back entrance. The outdoor bar at Victory didn't ever seem to be TOO crowded as well. 
- You can walk around with your beer, but it has to be in a plastic cup (convenient stacks located by the doors).
I was invited here for a Girls' Nite Out about a week ago. While we had a really great time together, I definitely wasn't expecting to pay a $20 cover charge. I mean, I don't get places that charge you these ridiculous fees just to cross the threshold. FOH! Xfinity/Comcast is already raping people with their cable prices, and now this?!?

Having said that, i did enjoy my drink (an additional $10), the little person Leprechaun pouring mouth shots, the sky ribbon dancers, and the mechanical bull. My girls and I are just going to exhaust other options for venues to let our hair down.
Philadelphia where's the love for this place! 

Philly's got three sports stadiums right next to each other the Eagles the Phillies and the Flyers there ain't no other city with three sports stadiums so close...right in the center this is the huge mega Disneyland....of sports bars!

It's got six different areas totalling over twelve sports bars that have vip areas, live music and even a mechanical bull...Chuck Norris was riding it when I walked in.

Come back after games for $3 beers this was my second time here Yards Ale I'll be back for you!
Horrible. My fiancée tried to go here for her bachelorette party, specifically the PBR bar. Even though her entire wedding party, and even me, tried to email every contact from EVERY bar on their website, they were turned away at the door. They had more than 6 women in one party and they were actually not just turned away, the bouncers were very disrespectful. I'm glad I wasn't actually with them. 

I used to go to company events here all the time, but you won't see me frequenting there again. The last time my company had the entire place rented out until 8:30 and they called "last call" at 8:10 and would give anyone waters, saying they were too busy.

It's a great concept with horrible service and poorly executed.
The lone star is for the giant TV. Everything else about the place is horrific. The place is a Great White concert waiting to happen. God forbid there is ever a fire in here because if there is, everyone is going to die. They don't seem to have a limit on how many people they let in. People are packed in so tight that it's hard to move. If you're able to make it to a bar to get a drink, it will be over-priced. If you insist on going, make sure you eat before you get there because the chances of getting a seat are almost zero. I was fortunate enough to have paid with cash, but a few of my friends that paid with cards all said a HUGE tip that they didn't agree to was added to their bill. 

I hope they add more options to hang out and watch games at the stadium area, because you couldn't pay me to go back to Xfinity Live.
I've been here before, my first time was on 12/19/15 (that was the same day I went to the One Liberty Observation Deck). I always take the SEPTA train here.This is a good place and that nice restaurants, bars. They are TV screens everywhere so you can see up to the minute sports scores. Service is usually good anytime I come here. This place does get packed considering the face that it's near The Linc, Wells Fargo Center, and Citizens Bank Park. It all depends on the day you go.
Ok guys, don't judge, I kinda, really like Xfinity Live. From the free concerts outside (I'm not just talking about local cover bands... We have personally seen Matisyahu, Buckcherry and Everclear here, to name a few... some really super big name acts-for FREE!), to the ticket required shows inside, FREE family movie nights with crafts and FREE popcorn for the littles, post game or concert specials and super fun events, we always have a good time here. 

The massive place is divided into different sections to suit different tastes. From more of a upscale, lounge type atmosphere at 1100 Social to a riding mechanical bull at PBR, you'll find your groove somewhere here. I personally like the Victory beer garden and outdoor stage the best! Heat lamps, fire pits, it's just chill. There are tv screens everywhere, even outside so you won't miss a second of any game. 

Sure the floors are super sticky all of the time and the restrooms aren't the cleanest on busy nights, but do you remember when there was nothing here?! I think it really adds something to the stadium filled section down in South Philly. 

I won't go out of my way to come here just for a drink, I'm not sure if anyone does. We mainly come for a concert or event, a big sporting game  and for that it's truly great!! We do however always walk over for a drink after a show or game as it's just a stone's throw away form any of the major arenas down here. It's a great way to let the traffic leaving the parking lots settle down before heading out ourselves. 

Very strict with ID's and there are bouncers everywhere. Kids, don't even try it. 

Parking is free on non event nights!
This can best be described as a mall of bars, and just like regular malls, it's low quality, generic goods at high prices. 

First of all, there's a cover to get into the building (I only came because someone I knew we VIP access), and then certain bars inside have their own entrance requirements. We didn't check out all the bars, but focused on the two in the back. 

(the one with the mechanical bull). It was certainly entertaining watching people try and ride the bull, but the dancers working there just did a side to side shuffle all night and seemed bored out of their minds. Music was just the same stuff you hear on the radio. 

The other bar,  was just filled with picnic tables, and people dancing on them. I don't know if this is the gimmick, or if people are supposed to eat from these tables at other times? 

I will say drinks were cheap, but I think that was part of the VIP package. That the were WEAK. After multiple drinks most of us were still completely sober. 

I've given this place a chance, marked it off my bucket list, and don't plan on ever coming again.
Interesting to read so many bad reviews when I really enjoyed this place. I'm a New Yorker but came here to see a Flyers Rangers game with my boyfriend who had raved about this compilation of many sports bars within walking distance of the Wells Fargo arena. Other than being very packed as game time approached, this place was pretty freaking amazing. Several food options, TV sets showing games all over, plenty of choices for bars or food....and a fun environment as well all in one spot! I just wish we had something similar to this near us in New York. 

Great concept Philly! We had a great time.
XFINITY Live is really a hit or miss- sometimes it'll be completely packed while at other times it seems completely dead, especially because it is so big. 

As a rule of thumb- the best time to go is when an event is going on at one of the stadiums. XFINITY is the perfect place to watch a game or pre/post game (even for away games). There are usually some sort of drink specials and there is definitely no shortage of food options- including fan favorites like chickie and petes crab fries and geno's cheesesteaks.

XFINITY also runs their own events- my favorite being the beer festivals- oktoberfest, winterfest, springfest and summerfest. Last year, I actually went to 3 out of the 4 seasonal beer fests. They are constantly running other events, which can be found on their website or facebook page, including kids movie nights. 

Although sometimes I don't necessarily love going to XFINITY (because of the over or under crowding), this really enhances the philadelphia sports complex area and filled the void of places to go near there. It is definitely a great spot to check out when in the area.
Yes a 1 or if I could give 0 stars I would....This review is not really for the generic bar food or the douchy sausage fest that this bar is, its more for the customer service that it is lacking. Went there with a friend had a couple beers and wings...the next day I noticed a ridiculous charge from Xfinity on my credit card...I called the bank who put a dispute in with their bank and apparently they refuse to cooperate and give a copy of the receipt...So now i have to close my card and open another one because the waitress wanted an even bigger tip! Completely ridiculous....Do not waste your money or time,  you might get robbed by the waitress! 

To note I always leave minimum 20% even if they suck so its not because we were cheap!
This place is so fun!! Especially when visiting Philly, it's right in the middle of ALL the sports stadium. The place itself is HUGE and has 7 different bars in one. While we were there the Villanova basketball team walked through the bar, with the marching band and everything. Very cool thing to be a part of.

We ordered a big ($30) drink from one of the bars, with a Long Island iced tea inside. We got to keep the cup, but the drink itself wasn't as strong as we expected but maybe that's a good thing... 

We stayed for hours at the different bars, singing karaoke, eating different foods, listening to live music. I would come back all the time! Such a fun place to hang out!
Came here to a surprise birthday party. Had a blast! I was taken to the bull riding section (which I didn't know they had) my party actually had the section to ourselves because the game was still on and people were watching it at the bar. So we got a chance to have bar & bull riding to ourselves. You do need a Id to ride the bull. I'm short and it was hard for me to actually get on the bull lol. Drinks wasn't that strong but $8 for a jack & coke. I heard the food was good but I didn't eat myself. Certain days of the week parking is free just check the website.
Okay, I gave Xfinity Live another chance and had an awesome time. 

Day drinking was the name of the game, and I totally won. (Or lost, depending on your perspective.) First up, Victory. There were probably a million or so hostesses/waitresses standing around when my group of four arrived close to 4pm. None of them looked happy. They looked positively suicidal to be working on such a gorgeous day and even more displeased to not see customers. I don't know if race was a factor but my group definitely received some good ol' stank face. When the rest of our party arrived, they got the same treatment. No big deal, we made the most of it and ended up having an awesome server named Sara. After throwing a few beers back and hanging out for a hot second at, who knows why, the fire pit, it was on to the next bar, PBR, which has nothing to do with the cheap hipster beer but with bull riding. 

We rode the bull. Oh, yes we did. Solo bull riding is free, but if you and a pal want to ride together, you'll have to shell out five bucks, but you'll get two chances, and to your friends who will undoubtedly be recording and snapping pictures on their smartphones, it will be totally worth it. The food is meh; you're not there for the food, dammit, you're there for the bull and you know it. 

Finally, Broad Street Bullies. I don't remember the name of my bartender but he was pretty awesome, save for the fact that he didn't let me pay for drinks I ordered. Instead he let my friend pick up the tab (I still owe you, Victor C.) because of the unwritten "bro rule" or something. 

Definitely go on a nice day, definitely go with a large group, and definitely ride the bull.
I go through a range of emotions surrounding any visit or plan to visit Xfinity Live.

When I'm not there, I have no interest in going to that crowded, gimmicky venue. 

When I get there, I think to myself "this is actually a really cool concept and not too bad." So many bars! So close to the stadiums! So close to the Broad Street Line!

When I deal with most employees other than the bartenders, I start to hate it again. There's no continuity with information and no one knows what's going on. A recent example is no one knew where to check in for a "VIP" party. I was bounced around to a few wrong spots then told the wrong place to stand for the line.

When I'm there for a special event or concert, I'm back on board with this being a great spot. Last weekend I saw Eve 6, Uncle Kracker, Sugar Ray and Better than Ezra for $15. I've seen Third Eye Blind, Fuel, Alien Ant Farm and Everclear there for free. They also have decent seasonal craft beerfests once a quarter.

When a sporting event lets out or the kids in their early 20s come out to party, I go back to hating it there and need to get the heck out.

Xfinity Live will never be my preferred destination, but it definitely has its positives from time to time. There's just a roller coaster experience of ups and downs to deal with along the way.
This place is so much fun- i cannot wait to go back. I went with a group of friends and we had such a good time. You pay $10 to enter and then there are a multitude of bars with various music/styles in each. There is a bar for everyone in there. Drinks are what you expect for the area. Its about 7 for a mixed drink but at least it wasnt watered down. they even  have a place with firepits . in the center of all the bars, you can also gather to dance. They also sell food. You definitely have to try this place out. Its a blast
Obnoxiously loud and soulless. I understand that this was going to be a corporate-driven commercial establishment before it opened but it is still underwhelming even with some of the restaurant upgrades they have made since it opened.

Wait staff (at least the females) seem like they are hired more on looks/visual appeal than competence or previous experience. Service ranges from average to 'light yourself on fire' to get timely service.  

If you are in your 20s and can't/don't want to pay to purchase a ticket to the actual sporting event, I can understand the appeal of coming here instead. Myself I avoid this place like the plague. The kicker is the cover they charge to enter and then the additional cover that some bars also charge too.  

If I wasn't coming to a game, there are a number of other places I would rather go downtown to watch the game instead including even Chickie's and Pete's. Better food, more reasonable prices, and no cover at most of them.
With a name like Xfinity or Comcast, this place has to be awesome with super customer service, right?  Well?  WRONG!!!  

My boss and I got here at about 5:50 on Thursday, June 25, 2015 and were promptly seated and and our order was taken at about 6:00 PM straight up.  Things seemed to be looking up.  We were in the PBR grill and thought everything would be awesome as we prepared to go see Rush in concert at the Wells Fargo Center, a show that started at 7:30PM.  We were a bit mistaken.

Our server began telling us about 6:20 that our food would be right out.  We ordered an appetizer, a cup of soup and a burger with fries, fairly standard fare.  We began noticing that all of these people that arrived after us and ordered after us had their food but we didn't.  At 6:35 we were told it would be just five more minutes on our food.  At 6:45, plates, napkins and silverware were delivered to us.  At 6:55PM, I asked for the check because 55 minutes after ordering we still had no food.

I am not sure if they forgot our order, delivered it to the wrong table or what but the service just absolutely sucked.  This place really lives up to the Comcast brand's reputation, slow, unreliable and awful customer service.  If you are going to one of the stadiums, do yourself a favor and eat prior to parking because this could be you.
Cover charge is $20...I got there at 9:17pm on March 15th. The manager told me they decided that night to change the time to pay a cover from 10:00 PM to 9:00 PM. No where on their website does it mention a cover and the manager told me that they "don't have to list it on their website". After much protest I paid because I had invited EIGHT of my friends there and I texted them about the cover so they would not be completely taken off guard like me! Well I guess customer service is not important to them. I won't be spending my hard earned money there anymore.
I. Love. This. Place.

Go for Flyers playoff games, it is RIDICULOUS. I go to Xfinity Live a lot, for both sports games and for straight up partying on Fridays/Saturdays. There are three themed bars, a restaurant, and a huge main bar on the main floor.  One bar is Flyers themed with a dj, one bar is country themed with a mechanical bull, and the other is beer themed with a concert stage and table dancing. There are outdoor areas with fire pits, which are fun to chill at (but look out for smokers outside). Everybody seems down to earth and really fun. Easy to meet new people and fun to party with. Most people are good looking and in their mid 20s. There always seems to be an indoor concert when I go to Xfinity Live, and sometimes there is an outdoor concert with their big outdoor stage. They get some pretty good bands in every now and then. 

Whether you go for watching your awesome Philadelphia sports teams surrounded by the best fans on earth, or you are just looking to party on the weekend, I definitely recommend Xfinity Live to anyone in their 20s. This place is awesome!
Aside from the name that screams 'COMAST!', Xfinity is a welcomed addition to the legendary South Philly stadiums. If I can't be inside, X is the next best choice. This bar is packed with people that have the same love for our sports teams as I do and creates an incredible environment with many choices for entertainment.  The first time I was there I happened to be witnessing our Flyers beat the Penguins in Game two of the 2012 playoffs, with two players scoring hat tricks, so that definitely helps my opinion. I was in such high spirits after that that a waitress could have spilled my drink and I'd have given her a high five for it. 

Xfinity is like a bar within a bar, within yet another bar. In the center are these giant, lush couches that outsiders probably drool over for a seat that sit in front of one of the largest TVs I have ever seen. There are fun features like tables with their own tap right in the middle (you pay for your beer by the pint) and even a mechanical bull. 

I will definitely be visiting this place again, especially after playoffs when there is a little bit more breathing room between each bar/station. Oh and yes, there is a Chickie and Pete's counter and YES, they now serve sweet potato fries. LET'S GO FLYERS!
After a short visit, my impression was this place is a totally overpriced tourist trap!

We got off to a good start with Free Parking.  Unfortunately, it's a bit confusing.  The first thing you see is Xfinity Live Valet Parking for $15.  There had to be self parking and there website made a point of stating that parking was free.  So, I keep going to the next driveway.  The sign reads, "Event Parking -- Cash".  A little confused, but I pull in anyway.  If they had tried to charge, I can always turn around and leave.  It was actually Free.

Unfortunately, the parking lot is so massively huge, you will most likely end up a good 1/4 to 1/2 mile (if not more) away from the venue, like I did.

So, now I'm parked and did the 1/2 mile trek back to the venue.

The first thing you see is an outdoor stage and beer garden-like area.  A big stage with nothing but a small table with DJ setup...and not a great DJ at that.  So, I look toward the building and decide to go see what's inside.  At the first door I encounter a door-nazi (e.g. Security) that seems to be mute -- all he can is grunt and point to the next door.  Umm, ok -- I get it.  ID check at the next door.  Hey security dude:  A little courtesy never hurts!

So, I go to the next door -- they want a $20 cover charge!  $20!  Are you freakin serious?  As far as I know, there are only 3 bars and couple of restaurants in there -- $20 just to walk in the door...?  

At this point I bailed!  Philly has plethora of nightlife available, I totally don't need this place at all.

One would have to assume that if the door charge is $20, the places inside are most likely completely overpriced, as well.

My fault though.....It's near the stadiums, so I should have automatically assumed it was overpriced and touristy....never again!
Review only for Oktoberfest at Xfinity Live Philadelphia. The venue is a large place and nice but totally too small for this large event. It was cold this weekend and the craft beer festival was all outdoors and you could barely move if you went inside to warm up. I go to beer festivals often and love finding new brews but after an hour of being out in the freezing cold, we had to leave. Wish they had more options inside and didn't oversell the event. Lots of great options at the festival but just a shame that it was all outdoors.
Thursday Night Review only..

DRINKS - standard, cheap, good. You get what you pay for.. dollar dranks what you gonna say.

OVERALL SERVICE: come the fuck on people. (please). 
- Parking: we drive and there's a game letting out, so the guy says " go down to that corner, make a right and you can go in from that entrance. We get to that entrance, guy says " you can't come in from there, you have to go in from THERE -- ( the place we just came from). So we drive back, ignore the guy yelling at us because we're sure as fuck not going to go back and forth when they lack COMMUNICATION SKILLS with each other to run an operation..
- Wristband specials : my boyfriend and I walk around, the place is huge, essentially 4 different bars into one place. We walk into one place, I order a drink (which took 6 minutes for bartender to notice me) and ask her about the college wristbands. " Oh I don't know.. but I'll get my manager." 10 minutes pass -- I'm not sure where my manager is
I walk to a different area, the more " college-y" bar . Takes 14 minutes for a fucking bartender to come over. OK, I KNOW that they hate Thursdays. They probably have a million college students wanting the cheap ass drinks, and they don't tip. That's fucked up in my opinion, and regardless of how shitty they are, I still try to tip their assholes. Anyway. Takes 14 minutes, he comes over and says " you have to get the wrist band in the front? So.. we go get the wristband in the "front".. which takes another fucking 15 minutes. We get to the bar. This takes another 9 minutes for him to notice us. And he says " we ran out of mugs, you have to get them outside". At this point I've done lost my patience and I told him " I dont care what the fuck kind of glass you use, do I look like I give a fuck? Use those small ass cups, I don't care."  AND I still tipped him. I overheard a lot of people saying that they always serve people paying full price drinks -- but I think that's stupid. Just because they're paying full price do esn't mean they'll tip well. As long as you have a smile on your face (which NONE of the bartenders had.. fucking NONE!) and try your best with as busy as you are, PEOPLE WILL TIP YOU. maybe not all the poor ass college student. but your standard average joe and jane ( ME) will fucking tip you. But now, I'll probably never go back..

Improve your services Please and thank you. On another note, security and ID check / bouncers were very friendly and the only helpful people of the night. 
As a manager, I found this whole night extremely shameful in the way it was run.
This place wasn't bad- not sure what all the fuss is about! They have a great outdoor area, Live music and the radio pumping through speakers everywhere, like 8 different bars under one roof? What's not to like? I enjoyed lounging on the patio and having some watermelon beers with the guys. It's great people watching. There's food if you get hungry. It's the perfect place to keep the party going after a sporting event.
I was there for the pre-grand opening when they opened it up prior to the Bruce Springsteen show.  I realize that they weren't 100% put together at the time, but that really has no bearing on my review.  
First of all, was very excited to get there, got there and the traffic flow within the place was choppy at best.  Narrow passages to get to the bathroom.  
Did NOT at all like the fact that they have the different "themed" bars.  It was like a sad attempt at making a Disney version of Philadelphia - but we some ridiculous cowboy themed bar in the mix.  Made no sense whatsoever.  
I was unaware until reading these reviews that there even was a VIP/bottle service area - that makes me like it even less.  
The DJ was horrendous, couldn't mix songs to save his life and he was pulling some Jersey Shore wanna be DJ act and came off like a complete tool.  
Ended up hanging outside for most of the evening which, was nice.  However the corporate morons managed to even screw that up.  They had circus people on stilts walking around and jugglers and hula-hoopers walking around the crowd.  How this fits into ANY part of what they're doing there is beyond me.  

Essentially the place is very dysfunctional, made next to no sense to me at all.  Tear down those stupid themed bars and make it a giant sports bar that caters to large crowds and has the ability to comfortably serve large crowds.  Similar to McFaddens across the way.  They hit the nail on the head there reasonably well.  

I will discourage my friends from attending the Xfinity live center for all of the above reasons - however, the outside area was nice.
I was at your venue last night a few friends my friend that was visiting from Chicago, was taking a picture of the room they had the mechanical bull. One of your lovely bar tenders pegged a lime at his head and myself for takin photos there. I'm not sure if she was say anything because it was so loud. But to peg a lime at a customer is totally unacceptable and pegging a partially def guy? What if she were to hit his hearings aid, who would pay for that? We could easily file for assault charges. This was last night 11/26/2016. The bartender that had that booth of beers closest to the window near the fire pit outside.
Ok I'm gonna be honest. The only reason why this place got two stars was because of the atmosphere. It has at least ten bars scattered around everywhere. And the food is ok. I've been here six times. Twice was with bottle service which isn't even worth it.  Anyway I'm giving this place two stars because of the management. I don't care how nice the place is inside if you have a-holes running it then your gonna get a bad review. 
I'm gonna tell you about my past experiences with this place I'm extremely disappointed in. On two different occasions the staff was literally sitting the whole night with my friends trying to hit on them and get their numbers. I honestly thought they were customers and didn't care but i later found out they were the staff. The second time they did it again! Leave us alone! Your fucking working! This happened twice in the bottle service area. The one guy that was on the clock was all over my one friend. I don't care if your a normal dude but not the staff. They are extremely unprofessional. And we won't be back mainly because we have to watch out for some of the staff members. And to make matters so much worse the bartender in the bottle service area was a serious dick. He did not pay attention to the guys.  He was hitting on the girls and serving them. It got to the point where he was being such a blatant asshole I had to go to another bar within the place just to get a beer. And what really pisses me off is that bar wasn't really packed. It was in a more private setting. So there wasn't too many people for him to serve. I didn't say anything to get him mad. And there were about three other guys waiting for him to get done talking to some girl to not even serve us anyway. Yea he's the one with the fo-hawk at the u-shaped bar in the bottle service area. Don't expect anything from him but a bad attitude. 
I don't write reviews. I made a yelp account just to make this one review. Xfinity needs to make a serious upgrade in management. I run a business and I always say you can have the biggest, nicest looking place inside and out but you're only as good as the staff who run it.  Xfinity is nothing but show. It looks awesome inside and out but the staff brings it down.
Ian was a great bartender. Super friendly and down to earth. I will definitely be back because of the service. It was my first time here, to watch the home run derby. I heard this place gets crazy during sporting events..my only suggestion, is to do a special during non sporting events to bring more people in on Mondays! Thanks Ian for being an all round cool dude. My boyfriend and I will be back soon!
I had the opportunity to check out Xfinity Live after the Bruce Springsteen concert.  I was really excited about the concept of this place, but not so thrilled with the execution.  First, they had a Springsteen cover band playing outside.  Why would anyone want to listen to a cover band when they just heard the real thing 10 minutes ago, really odd choice.  My friend and I did a walk through on the inside, and I definitely got the Jersey Shore vibe.  We walked back out and grabbed a beer, and hung out for a bit.  I did enjoy being able to chill outside with my beer.  I'm sure I'll be back, and all the TVs definitely provide a nice spot for enjoying some games, but I'll be avoiding this place if there's a crowd there.
I've been here a few times and have had mixed experiences. When it was busy, I had slow and even rude service. When it was slow, I had good polite service. When it was super bowl, I paid a cover charge, only to walk in to an almost empty place with tables I was told I couldn't sit at. I asked for my cover back since there was no seating available, but was told I should have asked if there would be seats available. I saw an empty room with plenty of seats, why would I have asked?
Does your preferred environment for watching sports resemble an overpriced mall food court with a giant TV? If so, Xfinity Live is the place for you. More pre/post game options near the stadiums were sorely needed, but the execution of this was abysmal. The original plan was supposed to be a long commercial strip between the subway station and this corner, which presumably would have spread the bars out a bit.

Every time I've been there has been during a Phillies or Flyers game, and it's been exceedingly crowded. The layout doesn't seem to have anticipated the crowds. A bar in the middle of the floor was virtually inaccessible, the bathrooms are down a long, narrow hallway that creates a massive traffic jam. I can't even imagine how horrible this will be during Eagles games.

Basically it's mediocre food, overpriced beer, and excessive crowds. The only reason to go there is if you want to watch a game with 500 bros.
I wanted to be the first one to review this place on Yelp.  But alas, someone was a little quicker on the draw than I was.  Well played, KD!  I will settle on being the first Elite Yelper to review it, which in the end really doesn't matter much but I take what little glory in this life I can get.  

And I will judge the food, although given the different concepts in here I don't feel it fair to judge the place based on one meal.  I'm sure there's much more I need to try.  I'll review the choice I made separately in an individual review for the place itself (PBR for the record).

It's impressive inside.  It's definitely well suited for the sports complex.  There's no question they accomplished what they set out to do.  

But it is perfect?  Well...

I'll list pros and cons from what I saw on the night before the grand opening.  It was the Thursday night sneak preview for Springsteen concert ticket holders.  I did not hold one of those tickets.  But they let me in anyway.  I feel like I snuck in a bit.  Naughty me! But in reality, it was open to the public tonight.

Disclaimer... I realize they may not have had their act together tonight.  I do give them an overall pass.  Some things were not fully finished yet. Most of it was finished nicely.  This place will probably warrant further review overall. I had the luxury once the people filtered out of there to the concert to get to roam the place without much of a crowd there.  So I got a really good feel of the place.

PROS
- The huge TV screen;... to the people who designed this place, well played!   That thing is going to see many a huge Philly game on it, and it will look awesome.  The Flyers were on the night we were there playing in Toronto.  The celebratory goal horn and graphics in the house when the Flyers score definitely were great touches!  Big win there!
- The staff... overall very friendly.  At least right now they seem to have the public face well crafted.  But I didn't feel like it was fake.  From the security guard out front to the bartenders to the waitress we had to the busboys, everyone was quite nice.  If they are still this nice a year from now, I'll call it a win. 
- Beer choices... between the Victory Beer Hall, the Bullies Pub, the bars everywhere, you should absolutely have no trouble getting a brew.  They even have taps at individual tables in the Philly Marketplace where you can use your credit card and pull the draft for the beer right at the table.  Somehow they pump it under the floor up into your table.  They designed this place to make damn sure you can get your beer.  And beer snobs will have the opportunity to get a half decent craft beer.  
- The variety... I do like the concept of having 5 different restaurant choices right there.  I like being able to go to this place and choose a totally different experience based on my whim.    
- The overall look... it's a feast for the eyes, that's for sure.  The screens and atmosphere give the place a Times Square feel.  I'm a fan of that.  
- The outside area... I like the firepits, I like the outside stage, I like the walkway.  They designed that nicely.  
- The Spectrum floor and dasher boards... it wasn't open yet when I was there, but I love how they used it in the M&N store.  Awesome touch!

Yes, it has a lot going for it.  You'll be impressed by it at first.  Now... I have to knock it a bit...

CONS 
- The VIP area... No, I'm not a VIP so it's not for me.  I understand why they have it.  I have no problem with them having it.  But I think it should all be upstairs.  Having a VIP area downstairs next to the marketplace area along with the upstairs VIP was a mistake.  First of all, it creates an open atmosphere of haves vs have nots right in your face. I didn't think this place was going to be like that, but apparently it is. Secondly, it takes away valuable walking space in the marketplace area, which leads me to my next point...
- The layout... I get that it is smaller for a reason.  I understand they had to scale the project back due to the economy.  But when this place gets super busy, walking through the marketplace gets unmanageable.  We experienced that as we first entered.  Being busy is one thing.  It's a nice problem to have.  But this will be a problem. 
- The corporate atmosphere... Some people won't like this.  It's in your face.  It will turn some people off.  
- The prices at the lower end concession stands... Chickie's and Pete's and the cheesesteaks have significant markups like they're in an arena.
- The choice of cheesesteak vendor... really, they couldn't get a real Philly name there?  They went with a corporate cheesesteak instead of a local place? Big mistake. 
- Can they expand?... I'm wondering if they ever will be able to add anything here.  If this is still the same 3 years from now, it could get stale. 

They will get an opportunity to win more stars from me.  I will be a regular here.  They did enough to win me over.
So let me give an update now that I've experienced the Grand Opening and have seen this place in more of a nightclub type atmosphere.  

No doubt this place is high energy.  It's loud.  It should attract the beautiful people.  If it gets crowded in this type of atmosphere, this place becomes a lot of fun.  I said before that when the place gets crowded it becomes unmanageable to walk through.  That's still the case.  I can see that being a huge problem before a big game if you want to go there to grab a bite to eat and you can't move through the joint.  When you're just there to drink beer and watch people dance on the bar, you don't seem to mind it as much.  

Being able to leave the marketplace with the DJ in action, and go to a more live music atmosphere in Victory Beer Hall is a great touch.  I like variety and choices.  Granted it's a cover band, but I liked the house band there tonight.  Maybe I enjoyed watching drunk people dance on the benches there while drinking a good craft beer instead of watered down beer.  That place is going to be fun.  But it looks like a bitch to try to get anything to eat after 10pm.  It's just too damn crazy there.  I did not try it tonight.  I'll eat there on a more calm time.  

My one complaint, and perhaps it's a minor one in the long run, but it hit me where I live.  You see, I was a nightclub DJ myself for 17 years.  I've DJ'ed many a bar and nightclub atmosphere in my day.  I know that it's important to keep songs flowing and that means cutting them short sometimes.  I get that.  

To the DJ who was there tonight in the marketplace... playing Don't Stop Believing with the whole damn place singing along, women dancing on the bars, and cutting it short after the second verse before the big finish is like foreplay with no climax.  Bad move in my book.  If I were managing this club, I would talk to the DJ about this.   You could have let the song play for one more minute.  Every song seemed to cut way too short, but some songs need to go to the end just because that's the way they are laid out.  Music is a big part of the atmosphere, and I think details matter. 

OK, maybe I'm being too harsh.  I take my DJing seriously and i was watching what they were doing.  Truth is, the DJ's were doing a good job overall with the energy of the place.  I suppose that moment just bothers me in particular.

Bottom line... they're off to a good start.  Let's hope they can sustain it.
First...  You have to get a sense of the layout of this place.  The complex has a main central "Philly Marketplace area."  In the front is the "NBC Sports Arena" with a bar and tons of TVs above it including the biggest HD TV I have ever seen (32 foot diagonal!).  The TV admittedly looked phenomenal.  Behind this is a VIP seating area, another bar you can hit, and then a another VIP bar area that annoyingly blocks foot traffic.  By the way, it was $20 to sit in these VIP areas on the main floor during the game.  Uh, what?

Around the outside of this is attached 4 separate pub/restaurants: The Victory Beer Hall, Broad St. Bullies Pub, PBR Bar & Grill and the Spectrum Grill.  There's also a Chickie's and Pete's, an anonymous cheesesteak place ("The Original Philadelphia Cheeseteak Company" what?), a sports shop, etc.  In the back (towards the Wells Fargo Center/Linc) there is a big outdoor area also with a huge TV.

The Victory Beer Hall looked nice inside.  They had tons of their good stuff on tap as well as Dogfish 60, Weyerbacher Merry Monks, oh, and Blue Moon?  Anyway, I think these were all $7.  When we left there to wander we had to trade our pint glasses for plastic cups.  Seems each establishment is run differently and they don't want you stealing their glassware.  On the main floor they had more standard tap selections though we did drink some Yards Pale Ale at $6.

We were there on a Saturday afternoon for the last Flyers game of the '11-'12 season vs. the Pens.  It was an away game but it was PACKED.  A bit of a challenge to get around and grab a beer.  I don't know how often this will be the case, or if it was for this particular game, or if it's because the complex is new, or a combination of the former, or whatever.  But, overall, it was a good atmosphere for watching the game because that's what everyone was there for.

It's hard to say how to feel about this one.  The design is kind of neat though it could have been larger to accommodate more people, since if you're not at the game or tailgating and aren't at McFadden's, this is the only other option.  Victory looks likes a nice space and a place to get some good beer.  I was hoping for slightly cheaper beers, but I knew that was a pipe dream...  The outdoor space looks like it could be fun, then again, you might as well tailgate right outside and watch their big TV.  It still has an overall douchey feel, and a douchey name, but what else would I have expected from something named after Comcast?

Overall, I would have given it 2 stars, but because Victory is involved and for lack of other options by the stadium, I'll give it three.  (Let's just get a real cheesesteak place in there for chrissakes.)
Incredibly average sports bar in Philadelphia. 

Pro: different bars to choose from, close to the stadiums for games and concerts, okay prices, fun events 

Cons: it gets packed, bathrooms are usually a mess and packed during events, there really aren't any other bars around

Basically, this bar is cool if you're going to an events at one of the stadiums, but if you're not, I'd avoid it and try somewhere else.
Get rid of the cheerleaders on football sundays! They are not only in the way of the main screens, but they're unenthusiastic, on their phones and have absolutely no idea what is simply going on in the game. Not hyping the crowd at all and a waste of space. Makes coming here so much less enjoyable.
Since my first reviews of this place in the grand opening phase, I've now been back here around 5 more times, most recently yesterday.

My reviews are scattered here in the individual restaurant sections regarding the food, and you can see my previous overall reviews here too.  If you do some research, you will notice that I've had no shortage of opinions on this place in general.  And I will say that I really want it to succeed because I love the stadium area in general and it can only help the overall economy.  

There's a lot here I still like.  I've had good experiences here.  But, I've also been let down a few times.  What I've eaten here is hit or miss in general.  The food at Broad Street Bullies... what I had was really good.  The food at NBC Sports Arena... what I had was awful.  The atmosphere during a big sports event... I love it (if you can get into a comfortable spot).  The atmosphere in general though is an idiot magnet.  The outdoor area is probably the coolest part of the complex.  The inside remains cramped and that won't change anytime soon.  They just didn't build it big enough, and I realize there were reasons for that.  

And I'm saying it now, and I'm saying it loud... if this place is the exact same layout with no additions or anything new to hold our interest a few years from now, I will consider this place a failure.  Big TV screen notwithstanding, once the "Oh wow" newness wears off here, it can get stale.  

Now, whether I consider it a failure probably means absolutely nothing to the establishment as long as they are making money hand over fist, which they are bound to do.  I just really hope that this isn't all we are going to get out of this place long term.  

I'm docking them a star. Sometimes I'm a fan of this place, but not every time.
This place is for a specific audience, and I'm sure you will either love it or hate it.  If not too crowded, it could be a cool place to watch some sports.

You will love Xfinity live if: You want to feel like you're on spring break, you want to get wasted, you and your bros want to watch the game on a 35 foot TV screen, riding a mechanical bull is your idea of a good time, or Miller Lite is the best beer ever.

Steer clear if: You hate huge crowds of sports fans, you want to enjoy a nice evening with good food and drinks, or are on a first date.

Bottom Line: Sportz Rule, let's get wasted!
Had a great time before the Beyonce concert at Lincoln Financial Field. There was a DJ playing current music and advertising upcoming events. We had drinks and appetizers at the NBC Sports Lounge. Lots of space to sit if you don't want to dine in the restaurants. They also have a Three Olives Stand so you can grab a drink quickly without waiting at the bar or for a waitress. They also have outside areas to sit and get drinks. I would definitely go back to enjoy a night out during a sports event.
Don't you sometimes wish that you could experience the same ridiculous lines and inflated drink prices you get from live professional sports without actually attending a game? Well, now you can!  As an added bonus, half of that $6 Coors Light will most likely be bumped, elbowed or shouldered to the floor.  This place encompasses a lot of standing room and there didn't seem to be many places safe from traffic when it's crowded.  I felt especially bad for the servers attempting to wind their way through an unsteady sea of tipsy patrons.  Overall the atmosphere felt more like a night club than a sports bar.  There's nothing really wrong with that, but I don't think it's a great feature if you're just trying to catch a game.  ...or maybe it is, but I'll trade the giant screen for cheaper beer and a seat.
At Spectrum Grill, the food was not bad, but I signed a receipt for $50 and when I checked my credit card bill, I had been charged $90.  I don't want to cry thief, but seriously there is something shady going on there!
Showed up last night for the grand opening to see Third Eye Blind perform. The drunks came out in droves despite the cold. Not that drunkenness is a problem, but when it comes in the form of entitled douchebags & rude barbie dolls the fun factor sinks. If you're seeking Spring Break redux, you'll find it here. There isn't much else to expect from Comcast, afterall.
I was there for the Phillies home opener with a few girlfriends. We got there about 30 minutes prior to the game and it wasn't too pack! 
When we walked inside my first thought was "A mall's foodcourt!" But I did like the huge chandelier! We got a few drinks and then headed outside and was greeted with a cover band playing 1990's music from "Clueless" and "Friends!" At this point it was around the 2nd inning or so and there were NO tv's outside! 
We were getting hungry so we placed our name (and cell phone number so they can call when our table is ready) in for the front bar ($40 min. per person) and said the wait would be only 30-40 minutes (I was a bit skeptical about that considering the crowd started to pick up.) In the mean time our friend happened to get a table for the "Bull Bar" (don't remember the name) right in front of the bull! It was pretty entertaining to say the least! I was so hungry but the menu had nothing! So I ordered a Kettle One & water and I guess they forgot to add the vodka! I find out it was $12! I thought the prices were crazy... If I was in AC or Rittenhouse its a different story. Oh the main bar called me to tell me our table was ready and I tried to run over and she said she never called me! (she did call me but it was the wrong person!) So I had to trek (20mins!) back to the bull bar and talk my way back inside to not wait in line!
Okay, this place must have been designed by men! There were one set of Mens/Female bathrooms down a long hallway! The lines for both were outrageous! Hell, the lines for me getting back inside the "Bull Bar" were impossible and to go outside there was a line and to get back inside there was a line..... 
I just ended up bee lining it to the subway and texted my friends on my way out! 
I just think they could have really done something awesome with this site but instead build this cookie cutter bar mall to get it up quicker and make more money!
I think they should knock the place down and start again.. maybe a strip of bars with a walkable street (not for car use) in between.
Totally jealous that the NY/NJ area doesn't have a bar like this!

The perfect pre/post game spot for any Philly sporting event since all the stadiums (sorry Union) are in the same parking lot. 

I came here after a Phillies game, and thought it was such an awesome spot. There's four different themed bars in every corner plus the main one in the middle of the building. Great specials after games and even a stand for cheesesteaks!
This was my first time here. I went to watch the Eagles play, and boy am I glad I did. The TV's were huge! It was super crowded, which I think added to the team mentality. We reserved a table. I'm not sure the cost associated with that. This is a must on game day! The tables go fast and most were reserved ahead of time. 

They had $5 apps. I order the loaded tater tots and they were sooo yummy! I literally woke up the next morning, and that was the first thing I thought about. The service was extremely slow. It took forever to get anything, and I felt like a burden when ordering. I was also bummed when I was charged $3 for soda water. I would have just ordered regular water, if I knew this before. All in all, it was a great experience. I can't wait to go back on another game day!
Went here to pregame/have some snacks before a Phillies/Mets game. The bar itself is really a huge complex, an amalgam of several different bars, restaurants, and food options. The whole "mall of bars" comparison isn't that far off.

The bar itself is located on a corner equidistant from all three of Philly's major sports venues: The Linc (Eagles), Citizens Bank (Phillies) and Wells Fargo (Flyers/76ers). I was already moderately impressed with the location itself, as I wonder why we don't have a similar setup in the Meadowlands for Giants/Jets/horse racing. 

The place wasn't too crowded or rowdy since it was a Sunday (specifically Mother's Day) where most people were with their families. It was also cold and rainy, with the day's game's potential play in question. Either way, my mom, brother and I randomly picked Broad Street Bullies, where were seated quickly by a friendly hostess.

After some water, hard cider and Yuengling (all ice cold), we ordered two apps as a meal: beer battered onion rings with spicy ranch, and cheesesteak waffle fries. Both came out hot and looked great!

Onion rings were your classic onion ring: not too stringy, not too heavy on the batter, with a right amount of crunch. The ranch was on the mild side, but I liked it. 

The cheesesteak waffle fries definitely sounded a little gimmicky when I first saw them on the menu (I mean, this bar is in the home of the cheesesteak) but they tasted better than they originally appeared. The fries were cooked well (crispy outside, soft inside), the steak was a solid cheesesteak meat, and the cheese sauce reminded me of a standard homemade queso recipe, but in a good way--think Velveeta, Ro-tel, and green peppers: cheesy, thick, with a good amount of spice.

Overall, this isn't a bad spot to hit up if you're on your way to a concert or game, didn't plan on tailgating, and are looking for convenience. Having said that, if you want other options, there are other options throughout the city.
This place is amazing!  What a great idea for this part of the city, where unless you went to McFadden's (which I abhor) there was nothing!  

Shiny, new, BIG, bars everywhere, ample bathrooms, REAL bathrooms, and just overall impressive.  

Before the game, easy to get in and grab a quick drink, or even find a table, but after the game, watch out!  You will be standing in a long line, waiting for two to exit so two more can go in...but they will still let you stand on the patio and drink Miller Lite...

I heard there's an over/under on how many fights will break out here over the summer.  It's the perfect recipe for dumb idiot guys (or girls) to pick a big fight...though I doubt it will last long with security at every doorway.
Was there the other night for the first time. Specifically wanted to got to the Victory Beer Hall. I love Victory Beer. But I hated this place. Surly, uniformed staff. Really, really really lousy food. The beer was fine but was served too cold.  This place sucks and I later found out that Victory does not run it they just licensed their name to it. I fail to see how this is anything good for them. The rest of the place was full of loud drunks. I'm clearly too old for their target crowd.  Wait till Eagle season starts. The place will most likely be burned to the ground by drunken Eagle fans.  I hope the places a big success but it ain't for me
I want to like this place....I really do.  Maybe going on a Friday night a week after it opened wasn't the best idea, but I figured when the only thing in town was a Wings game maybe it wouldn't be TOO crazy at Xfinity.  I was wrong.  I completely understand that this is the type of place that is going to want to cater to the masses so that people will want to come year round.  But does that mean the place has to play DJ music or have a cover band playing at 250 decibles in EVERY venue?  I get it...you want to create a party atmosphere.  But at least provide ONE venue for those of us who just want to stop in before or after a game for a drink.  I would think that Victory Beer Hall would be the perfect venue for this, but no....terrible cover band on stage, a ridiculous line to get a beer and a bunch of jersey shore sluts dancing on the tables is not what I had in mind.  I'll give this place another try at an off time, but I honestly do not see myself coming here very often if this is the type of crowd it's going to cater to all of the time.
Yesterday marked my first trip to Xfinity, right after a Phils game, but hopefully not my last. Located within easy walking distance of all the stadiums and parking lots, it's basically a no brainer to go to after a game. Because why stop the party just because the clock ran out? It's also pretty nicely set up. I'm basing this off the fact that I received a tour from my slightly drunken bf who was trying to explain it to my extremely drunken self. And I still understood what was going on, so I liked that. It doesn't look like much from the outside. However, the inside is kind of like an alcoholic food court. There is a bevy of options, including a Victory Beer Hall with long cafeteria style tables, Spectrum Grill for a more upscale environment, PBR Bar & Grill which serves Tex Mex ish food and mechanical bull riding entertainment, and then the Philly Marketplace is the open area in the middle hosting lots of local eateries and entertainment. 

Friends and I only went to PBR, in an attempt to absorb the many light beers consumed at the game. Or perhaps before the game. Food was average, the ribs were pretty decent. But because of the fact that we were outside, received really quick service, had our food within like 15 minutes of leaving the game, and the food wasn't bad, we all had such a great time. I liked that the place was crowded, but not too crowded and we could move around very easily. 

There's also a cool outdoor bar, with an open area for dancing. Such a blast, but be warned - the bartenders will toss out your drinks if left on the bar for more than 30 seconds! Apparently this is their policy, but it's not advertised anywhere and we had to wait five minutes for a manager to explain this to us. He offered us a new round, since we had originally had full beers, but still it was a bit annoying. So, know before you go!
The place is spacious and we loved watching the mechanical bull riders in one of the bars. It's fun but we had a terrible experience with the staff. First of all, we were charged admission even though it was free to get in if we had Philly baseball tickets. We came back from the Mets Philly game. When we asked for a refund, they refused because " our machines can't do that". The door staff is young and untrained. So, I asked for a manager. We waited for 20 min and no one came so I took it upon myself to find him. When I found him behind a bar, he just shrugged his shoulders like " oh well, too bad!" This is bad business, bad customer service, and bad management. I want my money back for four of us! Who's running the place? A bunch of children?!!!! Rude and apathetic! Someone needs to take responsibility and step up.
Came here on a Saturday night after the Phillies lost (which could be any week at this point) to drink our sorrows away. I wasn't expecting much-the VIP entrance girls were young and scantily clad, and being in my later 20s I thought I'd feel really out of place-but I was surprised! The place was busy but not over crowded, most people there to watch the boxing match.

We sat at the tables outside of PBR Bar-only con was our waiter sucked at first, acted super pissed we were sitting and not ordering food, told us to make sure we were bringing 'commerce in'-ok, dude-but after bringing us four rounds of Jack Fire, he settled down and had quick service. The DJ for the place was my favorite part--a constant mash up of 90s hip hop. Basically sang and danced the whole night. We had a hiiiiiigh bill (like 300 bucks) but it was worth it.
After the Beyoncé concert we headed over here to silence our roasting stomachs, and allow the traffic to calm down. Every restaurant within xfinity live was not serving food anymore. The NBC bar ( I think that's the name) which is in the center when you walk in was packed to full compactly, and you can't order food without a seat. I scored some seats at the bar being observant aka stalking people. 
I grabbed the menu and was necrosis about the options . Mahi Mahi tacos..."from here", I thought. I was too hungry not to order and where easier going to find food at this hour. They came out in a cute presentation...and saucy! Which I like. They were delicious!!! I was shocked. It's something I would not order from a place like this but it was delicious. I would definitely go back again for more than just drinks. This is a great atmosphere for sports fans. Chow down!
I went here for the grand opening to the public on Friday, March 30th for the free Third Eye Blind concert.  I also went back briefly tonight to warm up from the Phillies game.  I'm glad I went back tonight because I had two completely different experiences. 

First night: The place looked tiny from the outside and I was worried that it would be jam-packed.  When I walked in, I was surprised how big the place really was.  It was pretty crowded on the first night and of course, everyone was drinking their faces off.  It was a good atmosphere, though, and I didn't run into any sloppy drunks (I've seen much worse crowds in bars during Erin Express).  There were plenty of places to go in case you didn't like a section.  Broad Street Bullies Bar is off to the right and there's a raw bar directly in front of you.  Further in, you'll find Spectrum Grill, Chickie's and Pete's, a cheesesteak counter, Victory Brew Hall, and PBR: Professional Bull Riders (I'm sure the mechanical bull in here is going to see plenty of action).  The inside is filled with countless TV screens and is definitely a great place to go to watch a game.  I noticed the swanky upper level that had leather chairs and a disco ball chandelier, but it was closed for a VIP party.  

Second time: There was a good crowd here watching the Phils game tonight, but I had plenty of room to move around.  The big screens here are probably the best ones in the city.  I highly recommend coming here if you want to watch an important game.  They actually had a fire pit going tonight that wasn't there on Friday.  There appeared to be removable windows/doorways that I'm assuming will open up as it gets warmer.

I thought the concept was executed really well here and I'm looking forward to coming back to Xfinity Live.  I think the summertime will be the best time to come here, but I was pleasantly surprised how nice it was to stop in tonight.  Definitely worth checking this place out.
This place is basically a giant sports bar enclosed in a circular area. It is located next to the stadium where the Eagles play and where they host a bunch of concerts. It can get super crowded when there are events but it's still a decent place to chill until the event. There are multiple sports bar inside- regular bar food and drink prices. I wouldn't come out of my way if I lived in center city to chill here unless there was a special event going on. Parking is hard to find. There are lots that charge around 25 during events.
After a Phillie's game we stopped in here for a drink and to watch the NBA playoff game.  We were visiting from out of town and really had no idea what this place was about.  At first I found it to be a little much.  But then we ended up at Victory Beer Hall.  It's interesting its all Victory beer, but luckily its a good brewery.  Because the Phillies won they also had beer special on Miller lites.  The place isn't cheap.  At first it was pretty empty but it got busy as the night went on.  

The best part was the live music.  We saw 2 AM Tokyo that was alternative/hip hop cover band and they were amazing, pretty much covering all my favorite songs from my teens.  They were very entertaining and talented.  We also talked to them a bit before the show and super nice guys.  It was a good environment for it, with the large tables and people dancing on top of the tables.

We stopped into PBR as well.  But weren't impressed by this, we live in Texas, so the country theme was a little cheesy to us.  

I wish we were hungry because it looked like they had some fun local food options.
This place is great for many things; sport games, nights out, great weather outdoor seating and much more.

You get the benefits of multiple bars and styles of hangouts under one roof. Along with some great food options. They have a massive outdoor seating area, which is great for those beautiful weather days/nights. There is nothing like sitting outside with a beer and seeing The CBP, The Linc and the Center.

The inside host tv's all over including a giant screen in the center, so you are never missing the game. 

The layout of islands/tables and small hallways can make it tough to navigate through on crowded nights, and the place can get very crowded. Security is better now then it was when it first opened. The bathrooms are also huge which is nice, becuase your typical bars usually have large crowds but small bathrooms with long lines. 

Their import selection of beers is EXTREMELY LACKING too.

My favorite thing about this place is....

Parking is complimentary on non-event nights and free one hour after the start of the final event of the day. You can't ask for anything more in Philly.
No argument that Xfinity Live! is a great spot to catch a game.  They have a selection of themed bars, plenty of screens for viewing, and parking.  Be warned, parking is only free an hour after home games (but always free if all teams are away).  They have solid bar food.  They are a short walk from all the stadiums and easy to get to/from via public.  Don't think you'll have the sticker shock of stadium prices.  The draft selection is more extensive while the prices are more in line with a typical bar!

Xfinity also hosts a variety of events.  They do company parties and beerfests.  I've attended as a company party guest and was happy with everything.

Overall, hit'em up!
Stopped in last night after the Phillies game. Really liked it from the second we walked in. Great crowd of people, tons of screens showing Flyers, 76ers and Phillies games and a handful of different areas to hang out. (As an aside, I don't think I'd come alone, but if you're with a friend or a group and want to watch a game it seems like a great place).

We were most looking forward to Victory and were super excited to try the vegan brat. After ordering a couple of beers we were told they never had the vegan brat, that they're changing the menu entirely and will no longer offer it. Totally disappointed. Mostly because we were so excited to see a really creative vegan meal on the menu - to only be told they won't even be carrying it! I'm curious as to why they are taking it off the menu and would love to see it put back on.
This place is a disgrace to the city of Philadelphia. The people who frequent this establishment are, to put it nicely, trash. The amenities or convenience to the Sports Complex will never make up for this fact. I've had a couple absurd experiences here, but the straw that broke the camel's back was the night of an Eagles game (yeah, I should have known better). People were packed in like sardines, so the only way to get from one place to another was to squeeze yourself through the crowd. My friend and I tried to do that and unfortunately bumped into the wrong drunken scumbag, who promptly turned around and hurled the most offensive racial epithet I've ever heard, along with a few punches to the head. This was happening mere feet from a security guard, who amazingly stood by and did nothing. So.... what are you getting paid for again?

Your quintessential xfinity live patron makes the pilgrimage from the suburbs to tailgate despite not having tickets to the actual game, then flocks here to continue their 12-hour bender with some $7 beers. If you are one of those people: congratulations, you've found Eden. If not, run in the other direction and do not look back. I imagine it will only get worse once the casino opens.
XFINITY Live! is the perfect venue for sports fans, beer and food festivals, and Halloween parties.  I've been here for all types of events, and have a blast every time.  You can get a wide variety of food (fancy steakhouse to wings at Broad Street Bullies).  There is a huge outdoor space to enjoy in the summer, and a fire pit at Victory Beer Garden in the Fall. The beer selection is great, and there is something novel and exciting about ordering a beer at one restaurant and carrying it around to another.  There is a gigantic screen that plays all Eagles games and the sound is loud enough to hear in the crowd that can develop.  Wait until playoffs of any of the Philly teams, and Comcast Sports Net will always cut to the excited crowd at XFINITY.  It's such a wonderful feeling to be surrounded by fans, all rooting for the same team you are, that gets elated every time your team scores.

Downside:

Not a ton of food options during regular weeknights (or weeknights that only the Sixers are playing).
Remember the concepts Xfinity live showed the city? Well, they cut back a little. OK they cut back a lot. The exterior of the building looks like an afterthought. Inside, it's a large central watering hole with bars radiating out from the center. Unless you are familiar with each bars specialty, it's hard to know which one will have what you are looking for. We went when there wasn't a game on and I could see where it would be completely claustrophobic when the space is filled with people. Look, there's nothing like watching a game with people who love it as much as you do but I'm past the point where I'd be willing to stand the entire time. Maybe for the 21-29 year old crowd.
Food was fairly good, we went to Victory.  The menu was mislabeled, so my turkey "burger" was actually lunch meat. No thanks.  I subbed for the boneless wings... Can only get one sauce.  Beer selection was great, even if low gravity beers (4.3 range) were 7 bucks for a pint.

They make up a lot of ground in their atmosphere. Some old school video games and decent prices as well as outdoor fires make up for the other short comings.

However glancing over at PBR bar, how does the health department not shut them down? Waitresses in assless chaps and tiny undies, . . . feel like I would catch something. Gross.
Xfinity is pretty fun for sports games and cover bands, but I would think twice about eating here again. We came recently for a concert and decided to pregame and grab some food beforehand. We walked up to the hostess stand in the main area and asked for a booth for 4 people. They wouldn't seat us since 1 member of our party wasn't there yet.. even though there was literally nobody waiting for a table and multiple tables were open. They finally sat us at a table but refused to sit us in a booth. Not quite sure why that is their policy. 

The menu is mostly appetizers and sandwiches/burgers. We ordered nachos for the table as well as cheesesteak egg rolls and a buffalo chicken flatbread. The nachos came out first and were horrible. The cheese was the fake nacho cheese used at sports games but it was cold! Who puts cold cheese on nachos? It's almost criminal. The rest of the stuff on the nachos was pretty weak as well so we sent them back and ordered the tots instead. I feel bad sending back things but they were honestly awful. The tots came out with the same gross cheese but they were actually better since the tots were warm, so it warmed up the cheese. The cheesesteak egg rolls were delicious and the flatbread was tasty as well.

Service was pretty bad and we had to ask for our server multiple times for the check, water, drinks, etc. Maybe our waiter was mad that we sent back the nachos but we were still planning on tipping well, so he could have tried a little harder. 

The concert venue set up was great and the Victory pub was so fun with the cover band at night. I just wouldn't recommend eating in the main part of the venue.
Cool place to hang out at night! They have bars for you to drink and clubs for you to dance. I love their little live concert. $10 to get in for each one.
Let me start by saying from the fast response from Paula who made our reservation for family of four 2 hrs prior to our visit at Xfinity Live. When we arrived there was a big crowd already with no wait time the  hostess escorted us to our table, waitress followed right behind her with great service and reasonable prices considering my wife and I had a couple drinks. Being a season ticket holder for the flyers not knowing prior that I could bring my kids for a meal this will most certainly be my new stop after games.
I think I need to give Xfinity Live! another chance. The boy and I went for a drink or two before the Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleil show (which was awesome) and were disappointed that a couple of the restaurants were closed. Still, the place was packed. We waited a pretty long time at one of the center bars and were finally served drinks. 

There are screens everywhere, and the space itself is really nice. Would I go out of my way to South Philly just to grab a few drinks here? Probably not. Would I go to Xfinity Live! in lieu of tailgating a Phillies/Eagles game? Definitely not. But if I'm around for another concert I probably wouldn't mind visiting again.
I am quite sure that when Columbus stepped onto dry land in the New World that the first words out of his mouth went something like this, "Find me a huge sports bar with the world's biggest indoor TV screen, great chicken wings and cold beer!" Had this actually happened, I'm positive that the famed explorer would have found himself in Philadelphia at XFINITY Live!

Let's be honest, Philly sports fans love their home teams, and this becomes obvious when you realize that one whole section of downtown has been carved out to house three world-class sports stadiums, an immense parking facility, and the world's largest sports bar. You've got Citizen's Bank Park which is the home of the Philadelphia Phillies, then there's the Wells Fargo Center which is the home of the 76'ers and the Flyers, and then the Lincoln Financial Center which is the home of the Eagles. In between these three stadiums sits XFINITY Live! which was built at the site of the old Philadelphia Spectrum, and is now home to the world's largest sports bar.

XFINITY is massive in scale with both indoor and outdoor eating, drinking, and partying facilities and can easily hold thousands of people. The facility houses The Philly MarketPlace, Spectrum Grill, Broad Street Bullies Pub, PBR Bar and Grill, Victory Beer Hall and the NBC Sports Arena -- all under one roof. Each of these bars and restaurants would make for an impressive sports bar, but when you put them all together, it is mind-boggling. Inside the PBR Bar sits a mechanical bull which is apprently quite popular after a few Jager shots.

The whole place is decorated with hardwood flooring from the Spectrum, as well as the "boards and glass" from the hockey arena, and bricks from the old Veteran's Stadium. They have indoor and outdoor events, viewing parties, concerts, tailgating parties, and so on.

Through a partnership with Sony, XFINITY Live! Philadelphia was built with state-of-the-art audio and video systems, including Sony flat panel televisions, to ensure everyone in the venue has a high definition view of the game. The NBC Sports Arena offers fans a one-of-a-kind sports viewing experience, featuring a 32-foot diagonal, 6mm, LED HD television, high impact LED Rings displaying the NBC Sports Ticker, and in-game promotions. This place has a serious WOW factor, and it needs to be on the bucket list of any true sports fan.

Travis, my man, I'm thinking road trip.......
One of the best sports bars ive ever been to in my life.  Its like a huge sports stadium located near the sports complex in philadelphia. When you go there to watch a major sporting event, you will feel like you are at an actual game. They have multiple rooms and concepts inside and I usually like to be in the main room. Its an awesome atmosphere especially when you are watching the eagles game.
Going back again soon!
Been here several times and came this past Saturday for the Halloween night.  I really like this venue.  Has several different rooms with with different music selections so you are bound to find something you like.  If you're in the mood for food and conversation there are plenty of spot for that too.  On Saturday we had ball.  I've been here before for the Halloween event and it's always a great time.  Lots of costumes, some over the top, some hilarious, some simple and a few people with no costume at all however, most people come in Costume. We had reserved seating in the NBC Sports area so we were able to order food and drinks from our waitress who, even with the crowd, was very quick and attentive.  The buffalo wings were very good.  Not skimpy wings at all and not too spicy.  The music was great and the drinks flowing.  After some time there we visited two other rooms and danced the night away.  Over all great venue, lots to do, guaranteed good night.
I've been coming to Xfinity Live since it opened a few years ago. It's a great concept at a perfect location. Really, why did it take Philly so long to open up something like this? The best thing about Xfinity is that you have so many options for food and drinks. On weekends there is usually live music on the outdoor stage and inside there are sometimes live bands and djs mixing it up. Why only 3 stars? This place tends to get really crowded and sometimes overrun with 21 year olds who can't hold their liquor. The bathrooms tend to be on the gross side. I suggest stopping by Xfinity before or after hitting up a game or concert at one of the venues. If you show your concert ticket/game stub they usually don't charge you for cover.
OMG! This place is awesome. I'm from central Jersey but some friends that go to Philly often were going here and said we needed to check it out. 

There are so many different bars and music. Some places have bands others had djs. Definitely a variety for whatever you are in the mood for. 

It wasn't too packed which was nice and we drank in the car before going in so we didn't spend to much money on drinks. 

Miller light was about $6 at one place and a nice sized mixed drink was $7 so I would say go for the mixed drink. They weren't too strong or to weak. I don't really drink mixed drinks but this one was good. It was UV orange vodka with club. 

Definitely a fun place and would go again. Wish it were closer!!
Best Place Ever!

Great way to pregame , spend the game or celebrate a win!  Okay, you can drink the blues of a loss too - but go Phillies!!

We have been here a few times now and haven't had a bad time.  We had a beer and played jenga one night, it was great way to chill.

The service at all bars is friendly and prompt!  Ive seen others order bar apps, burgers, etc... but a cheesesteak and then Chickie n Pete Fries is the best dinner :)  Full bars, but I love my craft beers and they have a seriously wide selection!

If you havent been, make the time and you will not be dissappointed!
I went here for my Birthday a week ago.  Where do I start!

The first overall atmosphere, just standout amazing, it was a little smaller then I was expecting but who cares.  Everything there is so nice and clean and orderly, not like most sports bars.

Now let me get into the servers, I ask to be seated at a BIG table and when I ask the girl was a little rude, but hey I can understand, always getting crap from drunk people, but yeah anyway, they wanted $240 for the table alone, YIKES, I thought that was a little crazy, but hey it was my birthday so I decided to splurge.  When I was seated at the table the hostess told me "there is no longer a minimum for this table" well, you can imagine that I Had a huge smile on my face and from then on it was a party.

The Food was amazing, i recommend the Margarita pizza, and the YARD long draft of beers was the best way to drink.  The TVs so so big i thought my eyes would pop out, and the waitress' were just so Nice and attentive. I love everything about it the experience was perfect one for the best places I have been to in a while. I have nothing bad to say about it, I vote a MUST GO
Fellow Yelper (Steve S.)  reviews on 03/29/12 and 03/30/12 sums up my sentiments quite well. Overall, we like this complex. We just feel that the 'marketplace' should  be larger. Steve nailed it on the head, we feel the V.I.P/ bottle service area on the ground level should be moved to the 2nd level to free up more space to walk-a-round and breathe a little. I also would of liked to have seen some more local vendors (maybe they could of courted the likes of John's Roast Pork or  Di Nic's for the win !). Anyway, we like this place and will return.
My first time at Xfinity Live and I was really impressed. I imagined it to be an extension of the stadiums, overpriced sports bar, like McFadden's. 

However, the setup is cool, with four different themed bars. One is the Victory Beer hall which is great for any craft beer lover and they have a deck with a fire pit. Another bar is the PBR bar which has a mechanical bull. Who doesn't love that for at least a few minutes. They also have an outside patio with a huge big screen and its own separate bar. 

Who needs tickets to the game when you've got everything you need right here?  I'm glad I finally made it to Xfinity Live because it is a great addition to the sports complex.
Nope.  I have been here a couple times and I am not impressed.  This past weekend, I went for a beer tasting.  

They advertised 200 beers.  You can't see what is being served until you get there.  Some of those 200 beers were Miller Lite, Coors Light, Miller High Life.  I have been to other beer tastings that had more interesting things available in their 60 beer lineup than what was available here.  We also paid for VIP tickets so that we could get an extra hour and access to all of the beer (some of the beer, and what I would say were more of the interesting beers, were only available in a VIP section).  

Most of the staff that was serving the beer had no idea what they were serving.  It is a beer tasting event, the whole point is to try all sorts of beer that you cannot normal drink.  Often, there was just a name of a brewery and beer, without even the style of beer.  

When we arrived at 2 pm (when the event started) they were not ready for us, they had not even tapped a lot of the kegs yet.  An hour before the event was over, they started shutting down all of the kegs and kept trying to kick us out of the VIP section so that they could clean and be ready for the next customers at 7 pm (the time that our event was supposed to be ending).  It felt like a bait and switch.  We paid for something, and then were not given access to what we paid for.  

It felt like Xfinity was nickel-and-diming about anything that they could... which is funny, because that's the same experience that I get with my Xfinity internet. I suppose I should not be surprised.
Picture your favorite sports bar...fun place to watch a game and grab a bite to eat right?  Now imagine that that same sports bar abused some bath salts, went into zombie mode, and started biting other bars' heads off!  Throw that bar in the middle of 100,000 of the craziest sports fans in the entire country and that is what you got with Xfinity Live!  

This place is sports, booze, food, and fun crazy.  Whether you walk in the Phillies' side or the Sixers/Flyers entrance you will immediately have two restaurant/bars on your right and left.  Walk forward about 15 paces and you'll have two island bars right in front of you with a couple of high tops that have built in taps on either end.  In 3 of the 4 corners of the room you'll notice some of your favorite pig-out food stands within close proximity.  Forgot your fan gear?  Well that's not a problem with the fan shop being just across the room.  Before you can even locate all that, your eyes are going to become glued to a damn near 30 foot Sony HDTV showing your favorite sports event.  Oh yea, there's also two 10-15 foot projections on either side of that TV showing more sports.  If you head out back you got yourself a big outdoor bar just across from an enormous stage that has already hosted bands like Third Eye Blind and Real Big Fish.  Just down the path you'll come across a 30-40 yard turf field set up with some of your favorite tailgating games.  And to top it all off, sprinkle another 5-10 random food and beer stands throughout.  That's Xfinity Live!  Tired yet?

Excessive amounts of everything you'd be looking for in a pregame or postgame sports bar hang out.  Prices are not bad.  Food options are good.  Fans are crazy.  Fun is nearly guaranteed.  If you're a usual at McFadden's or Chickie and Pete's and notice a sudden drop in their numbers, look no further than the face-eating sports-zombie that just moved in across the way!
I like xfinity. It's that simple. 

Most recently I went to their Oktoberfest with an insane amount of beer and cider vendors. Before going I imagined a nightmare of lines and annoying amateur drinking but since the property is HUGE it wasn't too bad. Sure, crowded at times but worth it. I had a fantastic time with my friends.

In other times, I've had dud nights where the bands charge too much or it's totally dead. Either way, it's a quick and easy place to go after a game. There are a hand full of places to hang out and all have different scenes. Choose your own adventure.
This rating is more for the nightlife/drinking atmosphere then the actual dining at the restaurants (food I have had here is bar food, so hard to give higher than 2-3 stars if rating was based on dining).  

This place is awesome to go drinking for games or just a good time on a Friday/Saturday night.   It is absolutely huge, indoor and outdoor.  I really mean huge, nothing else like it in Philadelphia.  I am not a big fan of the PBR bar, but I love the Victory Brew hall and broad street bullys bar.  This is what makes this place great, it has many different bars with different atmospheres that caters to everyones interests, so if you only try out one bar while you there and do not like it, it is worth another shot to try out a different bar.  Sometimes it is fun enough just to hang out in the market place if you want to watch a game on the huge big screen.  Only downfall is there is nothing else around it, except the stadiums, hence the reason I giving it 4 rather than 5 stars.  However place is so big that this is only a minor issue.
If you haven't paid a visit to the brand new Xfinity Live! complex, you are missing out.  With a variety of taverns and restaurants to drink/eat at, it the new hot spot for Philadelphia sports fans.  You can go to the Victory Beer Hall, where there is a variety of different brands of Victory beer brewed right in Downingtown, PA.  You can get a regular 16 oz. glass, or a giant mug for $13.  Or you can visit the PBR Bar & Grille and ride the mechanical bull.  As far as price, it's pretty much what you could expect to spend in the stadium.  They aren't much better, but rest assured you get what you pay for.  It's a good place to go and grab a drink with friends before the game, but the longer you stay, it will most likely become more crowded and expensive.
I'm really not understanding what all the hype is about with Xfinity LIVE.  It's overpriced, crowded, and full of band wagon jumpers or people from out of town. 
As a die-hard Flyers fan I figured I'd check it out before going to the game and was disappointed. The beers were $7 which is ridiculous because they are only 50 cents more at the actual game.  The service was slow although I did go the 2nd week they were open so they may have been working out the kinks still and training the staff.

I had an OK time and I think you should definitely check it out to see what you think.  Personally I'd rather watch the games at Chickie and Petes or a neighborhood sports bar where it's not as crowded, where the servers/bartenders are available, where the food and drinks are reasonably priced, and where the real fans watch the game.
I have a love/hate relationship with Xfinity Live. 

On one hand, there is no better bar to watch sports in the city.  TVs everywhere, many different rooms with different themes, and there are so many different bars in there its never a long wait for a drink.  

On the other hand, late night it turns into a total nightclub.  If thats your thing, more power to you but its not mine.  I also think the majority of people who come here aren't from Philly.  Case in point: I've only ever been there with friends who drove in from out of the city.  

Oh, and theres a mechanical bull.

If this is your scene, this place does it well.  I
XFINITY Live! is such a great concept in theory. Multiple bars and restaurants right by the stadium complex. In my past experiences it has been packed zoo where many of the patrons have left their inhibitions at their tailgate parties long ago.  

Saturday night my inner 90s music fan drew me to XFINITY for the free Fuel and Alien Ant Farm concert. We arrived around 7:45 with the concert scheduled to start at 8:00. We could have easily walked up to the stage and secured front row spots. The entire venue seemed like a ghost town. Maybe these bands are a little older than the typical non-sporting event crowed?  The concert didn't start until a little after 9 and went until about 11:30. Alien Ant Farm played a shorter set first followed by Fuel. We were able to secure a picnic table on the corn hole court where we actually had a decent view of the stage and were well in range to hear the acoustics well.

We had a party scheduled at Broadstreet Bullies in which we received discounted drinks from 8-11. We had no problem getting drinks immediately when we wanted them. The orange crushes are quite tasty might I add. It was hard to order anything else once we started drinking them. 

The crowd seemed pretty well behaved that night and everyone seemed to respect each other's space. 

The evening crowd started rolling in after the show. I personally wouldn't dress the nines to go out to XFINITY but perhaps that is a good scene? Satisfied with our experience, we left on a high note.
