Service:5/5
Food delivery was hot, quick and the gentleman was very polite . Food was packed nicely, arrived very hot and nothing leaked. 

Food
Roti Canai - 3/5 
Roti was quite oily and the accompanying dipping sauce was very salty and at $7, the portion size was small.

Thai basil eggplant and tofu 4/5
This dish does not include rice (which is why it lost a star). Flavors of basil, heat and sweet... but I could have done with less green peppers and more eggplant. Dietary request of no cornstarch was honored. Tofu was soft and definitely not fried.

Prices seem a bit higher than they should be.
This place is closer to 3.5 stars. The food was a 3 and I wanted to note the excellent service and nice ambience.  There were some hits but mostly misses with my family's meal. 

For starters we ordered Roti canai, crispy salmon spring roll, crispy calamari. My daughters really ate this up, but they complained about the flavor of the curry, which was not spicy nor flavorful. The crispy salmon roll was pretty good. It came with cilantro lime dipping sauce. The calamari was also good and had a couple of unique dipping sauces, one of which was mango lime - yummy! I liked that the app also included the tentacles. I hate calamari that is only rings. Another thing is I hate when they taste like they were previously frozen. This was not the case here. 

Our excitement with our apps quickly were dashed away when we got our entrees. My wife's drunken noodles tasted ok. Nothing spectacular - it was not the broad flat rice noodle we were used to, but spaghetti like. I ordered pho for my one daughter and neither she or I cared for the broth or the noodles. It's on the sweet side. As for me, after reading yelp reviews on the red curry, I decided to weigh in on it. It's less than average for me. It's nice that the sauce was  thick and they give you a good amount of food, but it was not spicy at all. It's more coconut milk than anything. I was truly disappointed! I asked the waitress for extra spice and that made it taste much better. 

All in all we didn't have a horrible meal in this thai fusion establishment, but the inconsistent Thai flavors will keep me from coming back. Our waitress was great though. She paced out our food well, making sure we weren't rushed. She checked in often and filled our drinks. My wife thought that the lychee martinis were good in alcohol content, but on the sweet side. If you are in the area and craving drinks and Thai, I guess it's not a bad place. The prices here are slightly higher for Thai though. The apps are decent, but the main entrees did not live up to hype from previous reviews. There is plenty of metered street parking in the area. As I walked out of the restaurant, I noticed that they do online orders and you can save 20% off your meal. That left a sour taste in my mouth.
I love Xiandu Thai! It's very close to where I live and I've dined in as well as gotten take out from here multiple times. They always have seating, even on weekends, without a prior reservation. Ambiance is well-lit, quiet, and spacious. My favorite thing to order is the drunken noodles (pad kee mao) with chicken, less spicy (the regular dish is very spicy!) it runs about $12 plus change and is enough food for 3 meals for me! I also love their dumplings and side dishes. I come here every few months and a warm noodle dish is especially great now that the weather is getting cold. 5/5 for me!
Two friends and I went here on a Friday night. This place is exactly how the name is, half Chinese and half Thai food mixed with one or two Vietnamese appetizers. So you can definitely get a decent amount of Asian variety here. Everything was pretty good, we got the lettuce wraps, different noodles, and curry and everything was good. Definitely a place to check out if you're too far from Chinatown but in the city. Prices were normal for center city. Service was decent and place is nice and clean.
This place is awesome and definitely on my new rotation list for dinner dates/happy hour spots. Last night my BF and I were starving so we gave Xiandu a try, with a 6:30 PM reservation on OpenTable. On a Friday, you can probably get seated without reservations, because the restaurant was pretty full but not too crowded.

Everything about the restaurant really impressed us. I asked if it was new because the interior was SPOTLESS. Absolutely immaculately clean, and even still smelled like fresh new wood. Apparently though, they just keep it that way, because they have been around! The inside is very modern and the tangerine walls give off an exciting vibe. We felt like we were somewhere fancy (but both of us were in jeans!). 

Like other reviewers mentioned, the food is more fusion than Thai, and I would not call it "authentic Thai", more like "American Thai", so just expect that going in. Every single dish was well executed, delicious, brought out on time, and hot. We started with the duck tacos because we wanted to try something new. We were not disappointed. This was a very rich appetizer, due to the duck and fried roti pancake, but the lettuce, tomatoes and lime juice cut the fatty taste very nicely. It was so satisfying. We then ordered pineapple fried rice, Chicken pad thai (spicy) and Green curry with Chicken. I can confidently say everything exceeded expectations and we left stuffed with leftovers for lunch the next day. Most importantly, we didn't feel completely grossed out/in food comas/bloated like you can sometimes feel after ordering from some of the greasy Chinatown places.

The pineapple fried rice was really tasty, and I will definitely be ordering it again. The Green Curry was not the best in the city but still delicious nonetheless, and my boyfriend enjoyed the pad thai. 

All of this food for a little under $30 a person and lunch the next day plus impeccable wait staff and a gorgeous atmosphere? You really cannot beat it. I will be back!
If you landed in Xiandu with some passion for food with an empty stomach, you'll be satisfied with the intoxicating aromas in each dish, and the fiery spices in every bite. Just be willing to experiment something different, if you were new to Thai or Asian fusion cuisine. 

Xiandu Thai menu is so "appeThaizing," and prompts seemingly endless good Thai-centri dishes to try. I've dined here many times, and it is simply superb. Even when I'm hungry in a hurry, I'll still order online -usually through Eat24-  for either pick-up or delivery, and I'm always happy with the great taste. Therefore I've thrown together some of my best tips and favorite Thai dishes, to simplify your dining experience at Xiandu, and to help you order like a total pro. You're welcome! 

- Thai food is usually spicy, but the heat can be toned down a couple notches to your personal satisfaction.
- The menu offers something for everyone, and most dishes can be ordered with tofu, chicken, beef, or shrimp, or/ and vegetable.
- Black Pepper Beef: Sliced beef and scallion. It is basic, it is a hit.
- Pineapple Fried Rice : Considered a local Thai dish. Get it with Chicken.
- Pad Thai : Sweet, nutty and salty. Personally I enjoy it with Chicken. 
- Panang Satay Chicken: Grilled chicken marinated in slightly sweet Thai Panang curry. 
- Shumai: Steamed shrimp or crab dumpling. 
- Summer Rolls: Fresh shrimp delicacies. 
- Happy Hour daily 5:00pm- 7:00pm.
- Late Night special 9:30pm every day until closing. 
- Every Saturday and Sunday, Xiandu serves dim sum. ( I haven't tried it yet thou.)
- Discounted parking at Parkway Garage on 1201 Walnut street Philadelphia, PA19107.
 - NB: It is pronounced " Zee an doo."
- Because it is delicious, love it or hate it, you need to try it at least once.

Four and Half Yelps
Now let me preface this review by saying, I LIKE Thai food.  I don't LOVE it and I don't DISLIKE it, (nor do I ever crave it)..... I just LIKE it.  
For the main reason that whenever and wherever I eat Thai food, I know what to expect as far as presentation and flavors.  Nothing really blows my mind.

That being said, Xiandu Thai is slightly an exception to the above and mostly because their service excels.  Our server never neglected us, made sure we had everything we needed, chatted with us (sometimes a bit over the top at times with the jokes) and all the dishes were perfectly timed when served.

Came here with a group of 7 and did a family-style dinner.  The space easily accommodates large groups and the decor is clean and modern.  Would also recommend this as a date spot and love that it's BYOB! 

Most of the dishes we had were overall standard and solid.  You can't go wrong starting off your meal with orders of Vietnamese Summer Rolls and Roti Canai.

Entrees:
As for their Thai Fried Rice with Chicken, I like that they topped the fried rice with a fried egg and had some sauce to go with the dish.  Wouldn't have minded if the egg was poached either, which they probably would accommodate if we asked them too.  Their Vegetable Pad Thai was average and just what you would expect as far as flavors.  We also got the Seafood Lover which I wasn't a big fan of.  The mussels were super overcooked. 

My FAVE dish of the night is their Green Curry which we got with beef.  This is a MUST if you love Thai green curry.  The spice level was on point and the coconut was evident.  And I love that they served it to us in a stoneware pot, keeping it nice and hot upon arrival to our table. 

Overall, I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for some really good Thai food.  Although slightly overpriced, being a BYOB spot will save ya dough on booze.  And having outstanding service and exceptional green curry, would make this my first choice for Thai food in this hood.
Solid establishment.

I  have my fair share of thai food consumption and I will say Xiandu Thai is one of the best options in center city if you're craving for Thai food. I also want to comment on the customer service as we always get greeted by the front desk staff (regardless of the busiest lunch hours) and get seated with minimum waiting time. Waiters are very pleasant and provide us with plenty of space and time to decide on what we order, I never feel rushed and they're also knowledgeable with the menu items in case you have questions. Water is constantly being filled - I know it's a small thing that people may overlook but I do appreciate the small gesture.

Now onto the food, I often order their pad thai and pad kee mao (drunken noodles), both dishes are consistently good. Come in here for lunch special you'll get complimentary salad or tom yum soup. Other items that I would recommend include their tom yum noodle soup, if you're into bold flavors and craving for a bowl of hot noodle soup. I also loved that they don't skim on the ingredients, the tom yum noodle soup I got have plenty of seafood with good sized prawns and scallops! I've tried their green curry from my friend and it's also very good.  I've sampled some of their appetizers like wings and roti canai, it's as good as you can get from Penang and Banana Leaf in Chinatown. Thai tea is a bit watered-down and lack flavor, but still quite good and refreshing.

Overall, solid 4-star and I'll be coming back for lunch!
This little fusion Thai shop has been here three years, but I just found it tonight. What a gem! I sat at the bar and listened to the history of this restaurant and then asked for recommendations. I had the Drunken Noodles and they were incredible! The price is fantastic, atmosphere is casual... definitely recommend!
So. Good. Went here for lunch - it was $9 for Tom yum soup and an entree (I got the Pad Kee Mao) and it was out of this world. They brought out their homemade hot sauces (make sure to ask about these!) and the food was the best Thai I've had in a while! And for $9 + leftovers for later it's a steal.
When you start of the meal with a pot of Mango Jasmine tea and that is already tasty without adding a single extra thing you know the rest of the meal absolutely won't disappoint!

For appetizers we decided we try the Crispy Salmon Spring Roll and Asian Taco w. duck. Two unique things on the menu we never had at any Thai place before. The salmon was fresh inside the rolls and the cilantro basil lime dipping sauce, OMG...I need a bottle of that...yes please! The duck tacos were a great size and the shell was not your typical taco shell but more of an Asian pancake. It was juicy, flavorful and delicious! We are excited to try it with the monkfish next time (that is also and option).

For dinner we ordered the Angry Beef and Thai Chili Lemongrass with Shrimp. Both with Jasmine rice. The Angry beef was tender and this may seem funny but the zucchini was marinated and flavored perfectly in the dish! The happiest Angry Beef you will ever have. The Thai chili Lemongrass with Shrimp was spiced just right when I asked for mild. The mushrooms, broccoli, peppers and cabbage in this dish was cooked perfectly and was also seasoned with the lemongrass sauce all the way through in every bite. The salad that came with it was an added bonus and complimented the dish perfectly. 

The food wasn't the only this great about this newly opened spot (4days old). Our waiter Brian was full of energy and so personable. Along with him and the two owners, they helped us narrow down the options of what I wanted to order, checked on us through the night and talked to us about the food and just were a great team and wonderful people. We have a menu and know what we are ordering when we come back! 

They are still in the process of setting up the bar, and adding liquor but u can enjoy the food and service until then!
Arriving shortly after dinner service had begun we were quickly seated and promptly given our menus.  The walls were painted a bold tangerine, there were dark pleather booths, nifty lighting (something that looks like effervescence trapped in glass) and minimal decoration; overall a sleek first impression.  

I ordered the Red Curry and asked that it be on the upper limits of spicy.  Stressing that it not be "American" spicy, which often equals black pepper plus a token chili. Justin, our waiter, assured me with a smile, that spice would not be a problem.  

My entrée arrived piping hot with accompanying pepper sauces should I wish to increase my evenings dosage of capsaicin. Coconut milk with pepper flakes merrily floating about as flostam on ivory colored waves made me salivate. The vegetables were perfectly done, the basil fresh and the balance of spice rather nice.  I did add a spoonful of the pepper sauce and by the time I took the last bite, a bead of sweat ran down my temple - perfect.  Hot enough to steel oneself against the wind, but not so much as to overpower the subtle flavor of zucchini.  If I could change one thing it would be a bit more acid, but overall a well executed dish.
Xiandu has a good dinner vibe going on. Here is the quick and dirty details: 

Pros:
-great lychee martinis
-the Thai fried rice and the seafood lovers entrees were amazing!
-friendly, attentive, and fast service
-nice set up in the restaurant. You can dress up or down. 

Cons:
-the food is a little pricey 
-not all dishes seem authentic, it's like they were Americanized and became fusion style food.
Good food, pretty good service, great location. Overall ratings:
Food 5
Service 4
Atmosphere 4
Value 4
Ate here with a small group (7 people) in town for the election. We had just all finished going door to door and were about to watch election returns in a hotel ballroom. So we wanted something relaxing, delicious, fast, and in an atmosphere where we could talk to each other without shouting.
Xiandu delivered on those goals.
We reserved via Open Table, our table was ready and we were seated immediately. It took awhile for the server to come around and get drink orders, than a really long time for a) the drinks to arrive and b) for her to return for the food orders. Once ordered, food came pretty quickly, and it was totally delicious.
This was at 7 PM on a Tuesday evening, the place was not at all crowded. So service should have been fast.
Menu included some items with an Indian influence. I had panang curry which was great. They offer brown rice with meals, which I appreciate. 
Beer selection was bottles only, pretty typical for Thai restaurants, and I had Kirin Ichiban which was scrumptious. A couple ordered a bottle of house Cabernet (they were out of the house Merlot) and they pronounced it fine, didn't sound outstanding.
I can easily see returning, yet with so many outstanding choices in central city Philly, I'll make the rounds first.
I absolutely love the Thai food here. Probably my favorite spot to eat out in center city. Although I've only tried the classic thai dishes, I am excited to try all the dishes they offer. I've been here a couple times and tried the pad si ew, pad thai, and pineapple fried rice and loved all of them, but I would say my favorite is the chicken pad si ew. This restaurant is one of my go-to places when I have friends/family coming into town. 

The restaurant is modern and nice. The main dining area is on a higher level from the bar/entrance, which is nice for reducing noise. 

My waiter the most recent time I went was Brian and he was excellent! So attentive and happy. He explained all the menu options for us and immediately asked if my mom/aunt/grandma wanted hot water, which a lot of Asian moms love. We went for my graduation lunch and had a fairly large party but I never felt like I had to track him down for service. He went above and beyond to make sure our dining experience was pleasant. If the other waiters are a fraction as helpful and optimistic as he is, Xiandu is in a good place.
I definitely should have more check-ins here than I do - every time I come to Xiandu, I'm having too much fun either with my friends (also regulars) or talking to Nancy and her staff that I completely forget! Xiandu is the restaurant that I eat out at the most - both eat-in and takeout. I met Nancy, the manager, when Xiandu first opened 3 years ago and I've become quite the regular. I love this place so much!!

Xiandu is THE place to get Thai food in CC - best Pad Thai in the city! I've had a good portion of their menu, including desserts and the notoriously named Sexy Finger (a fun take on a shrimp spring roll, worth a try!). My favorite things to order are the Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mao, and Green Curry. Honorable mentions are the Massaman Curry and Papaya Salad. You really can't go wrong with the food here! 

They've got a lovely lunch special that I highly recommend - their most popular entrees with a house salad or veggie Tom Yum soup (spicy sour soup, yum!) for $10 - 12 (normally entrees are upwards of $14). They also have amazing happy hour deals that are easy on the wallet - half-sized portions of Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mao, fried rice, etc and appetizers from $3-7.

The service here is phenomenal - the waiters and waitresses are all so friendly and always bring out food quickly, even on busy nights. I love how clean and beautiful the venue is - great for groups or intimate dates! I also want to emphasize that I've never had issues with my takeout orders - I'd recommend calling in directly instead of a third-party ordering system. Nancy and her crew are so sweet and funny, it's hard not to feel at home at Xiandu! After 3 years this is still a favorite restaurant of my friend group - we'll never stop coming back!!
I wanted to try this place a few times but every time I would go here they were always busy with parties. 

Finally, we were able to get semi outdoor seating. They open their front wall, so it's not outside but you have tons of fresh air flowing in. 

They food was very good here. My daughter got the pineapple fried rice. I normally don't like fried rice but I found myself stealing spoonfuls off her plate. 

The wings were, eh, alright.  I wouldn't get them again. 

I struggle to find a place that does Tom Kha soup well.. this place met my expectations. I would come back simply for the soup. Next time I want to try their red curry. 

Service was great. Our server was very friendly.

They do spice levels 1-5. I ordered 3 and I was extremely surprised by how hot it was.
To be fair, we got a lot of attention from the servers and the atmosphere was pretty good. If I had to make one suggestion, I would recommend not buying any dessert. Perhaps, I'm a dessert snob. Although the menu choices and photos will be tempting, the quality of the desserts (eating them rather than looking at the pictures) disappointed.  $7 each for presumably "pre-made" desserts did not impress.  At other restaurants in this City, you can get a highly trained professional chef to make some really elegant, sophisticated, delicate desserts in the $8-10 range, but not here. You won't find any sophisticated sweets here.  Desserts here are very "conventional" unrefined, vulgar. Tiramisu was really sweet - extra sweet - cake-style version with loads of sugar.  The Creme Brulee was thick and heavy like a very cold, barely thawed out pudding.  Neither dessert was prepared with an authentic recipe. I would venture to say they were manufactured to serve the convenience of the restaurant.  For dinner, I shared 1 appetizer, 3 dishes, and 3 desserts with 2 friends. We all drank the regular tap water.  We ordered blackened sushi-grade fish, chicken red curry, grilled chicken with asparagus, and Rotti. The food was pretty good, but after tax and tip, we each paid about $36 for a total bill nearing $110. The chicken and fish dishes tasted good. Though I liked the fish and chicken dishes, I am not sure I will come back. Pretty good dinner, but there are many other interesting, good restaurants in Philly. Maybe I will come back to try once more, but not dessert and not anytime soon. The ratio, price : food experience seemed slightly unfavorable. If I am paying more than $35 for a meal, I have high expectations. I expect everything to be good, but in this case, dessert here was a flop.
Really good Pho, like really good. springrolls nicely done. The pad sauce was a little thick for my taste but the flavor was good. Overall very nice place. Good service, very friendly staff.
The decor is upscale but relaxed. Will definitely return and try other items.
Don't use DoorDash or any other ordering service. Your food will not show up. This has happened to me twice now. They have their own driver but for some reason our order never gets delivered.
I was pleasantly surprised by this Thai place. I first I was skeptical because it's located across from Hamilton the Broadway show so there were a lot of white people inside the restuarant. So I thought it would be Americanized. But it's actually a cute spot with great happy hour prices and portion. 

Happy Hour is daily from 5 to 7 PM. Select cocktails are $6. I had the tropical sunrise which had coconut which was delicious. Select appetizers are $4 which included the ratoni with side of curry. Select entrees are $7 which include chicken pad Thai. It was a good portion and I liked how it had bean sprouts, thinly sliced eggs and small chopped tofu. It may not be traditional Thai but I like the Chinese spin on it. I feel the owner is Chinese because I heard them speaking Mandarin.

I'll definitely be back if I crave Thai food!
Pretty decent Thai place! Opened last Monday. This ain't yo typical Asian American Thai restaurant. Gone are the filler vegetables and needlessly loud atmosphere. What is typical is its prices. An entree can cost $8-14, which is rather inexpensive for center city. The ambiance is... classy. It's not very well lit, giving the restaurant an atmosphere more fit for a more formal night out. The restaurant also does not try to cram every table and chair into the space as an attempt at profit maximization. You CAN have a private conversation here. service is great. Waitress was Nancy. Very polite, very engaging. She even offered to modify my friend's entree into a vegetarian one. Woohoo!

Everything about this place - the food, atmosphere, cleanliness, and service is a notch above other Thai (or Asian) restaurants in the city, while maintaining its prices. Try it out.
I was on a SERIOUS mission for some Tom Kha soup. I got on my Yelp app and found this little gem! It was  cool because I placed my order through yelp to pick it up.

It took me a little longer to pick up my order. They politely called me to remind me that my order was completed and waiting for me. When I did get my order (Tom Kha Soup & Salmon egg rolls) everything was still hot, which i was surprised about.

Everything was super delicious. I would go back to this place.
Everything was delicious! Nancy was super accommodating for our large group (birthday party).  It is a BYOB so be prepared with bottles of wine.  I highly recommend the soup- Tom Kha  (I hope that is the correct spelling), I am a huge fan of coconut and it was amazing. Definitely will be returning in the future.
I've been to xiandu twice so far and have really enjoyed it!! It's a great BYOB and the servers are all super friendly. I absolutely love the aesthetic inside. The first time I had the angry beef, done medium, and it was super tasty. The second time I had spicy beef pad Thai and it was fabulous. The price is very reasonable for the friendly service and great food. 

After dinner my friends and I had some desert. It was delicious creme brûlée  and also fried green tea ice cream. I hope this place sticks around because I'll be back!
My wife and I did a lot of food research for our recent trip to Philly.
We selected Thai as the food group and then zeroed in on Xiandu Thai as it was within walking to the Academy of Arts (Kimmel Center).

We made a fabulous selection.  First off we came at 6, during happy hour so by sitting downstairs we had access to the happy hour bar menu and beverage menu.  We were graced with two awesome servers-- a young gent and a gal named Nancy.  They treated us like royalty.  (haha- as the news was playing back images of the royal wedding).

Everything about our experience was flawless.

We started with happy hour drinks -- big menu of mixed drinks and wines.
My wife enjoyed her white wine selection and I had the passion fruit mojitos. I think we had 3 each.  For the last round, Nancy said don't rush to place the order, she'd extend happy hour for us... hence a happy night for sure.

Now for the food...
We opt for a mix of tastings from the happy hour menu.  Our selections included:  

6 Piece Asian Dumplings chicken and shrimp, water chestnut dipping in ginger garlic chilli sauce-- delicate, flavorful, wonderful.

Roti Canai - crispy flaky pancake dipping with curry chicken and potato. The crispy flaky pancake was delicate, flaky, not oily, not greasy.  This was a winner dish.  Great flavor.

Had to try a staple dish-- 4 Piece Panang Satay Chicken
grilled chicken on a skewer with curry peanut sauce and pickled vegetables --- was good, but not my favorite.  The other options blew us away.

We rebounded with the 4 Piece Curry Puff --chicken, potato, carrot, green peas and curry leaves.  Delicate, flavorful, wonderful selection. Not oily, not greasy.  We had our druthers but trusted Nancy and glad we did.

We ordered a happy hour app size of the Green Curry with shrimp--green curry paste and coconut milk with long bean, mushroom, eggplant, bamboo shoot and sweet pepper.  -- excellent.  Nancy had adjusted the spice level for us.  With age comes less spice but still have a really nice flavor and texture.  Nice size and clean shrimps, cooked just right. Not a mealy shrimp in the batch. 

We were there for two hours, so this was not really a lot of food considering we hadn't had lunch that day. So to wrap up we had shared an entree -- drunken noodle soup with chicken. Again-- excellent.

 We wrote our neighbors about our new find and will be returning this Saturday with one couple to enjoy other tasty selections.
Here's the situation:  I was running really late for a concert and I hadn't eaten anything.  Walked by Xiandu Thai Fusion on Walnut Street and saw a sign outside advertising Happy Hour.  I stopped in ... and am I glad I did!  The bartender Peter was wonderful. He promptly placed my order and I received in short notice two very tasty dishes.  Shumai with a Thai red curry sauce - awesome....Curry puffs - light, fluffy, flavorful - beyond awesome.  Each happy hour appetizer only cost three dollars and I was soon on my way to the concert.  Now Xiandu Thai Fusuon deserves more than such a short visit but if first impressions count, they made an excellent one.  And by the way - check out the cool natural wood bar.  It's totally one of the most beautiful and artistic bars I've ever seen!
Can't believe it took us almost 5 more years (and many, many other Thai restaurants) to order again from Xiandu. I back up my original opinion that they have some of the best delivery fried calamari in the city - not greasy, perfectly fried/cooked, SOOOOO good! Pad thai with chicken was excellent, too. I ordered a new dish for me - the Xiandu chicken. HUGE portion, lots of vegetables (even more chicken), and the sauce was a great spicy/sweet combo. Looking forward to trying their curries, and think we may FINALLY have found a go-to Thai place! Yay!
Desperately looking for a good Thai place and voila my prayers have been heard. The restaurant atmosphere is very calm and super clean. Ordered the pad Thai and Thai basil fried rice. I was so impressed with the flavors here. If your looking for a good pad thai this is the place!
Came here for dinner with a group of people. We were all craving some hot Thai food given how cold it was outside and the food here totally hit the spot.

Ordered roti Canai with a veggie curry and lettuce wraps. Both apps were delicious! Love that they gave us two rotis which was the perfect amount for the amount of curry that came with the appetizer. For entrees we had the green curry with tofu and veggies, pad lee mao with tofu and a chicken special (honestly don't remember the name). Everyone enjoyed the entrees and we had plenty of leftovers to enjoy tomorrow!

Note, my friend who has been here asked for a spicy sauce for her meal. I tried it and though it's delicious it is extremely spicy, so be warned before you douse your meal with some!
Pretty good service, spacious, and decent food (under $15 entrees).

Might need to come back soon. They not only have Thai food, but also other Asian food like pho. 
One cool item they had was watercress fritter, didn't imagine that this dish exist.
I must admit I'm very disappointed, I expected so much more from the reviews 

I called and picked up my order which was pineapple fried rice and Thai iced tea. 

The Thai iced tea was watered down and def not the Thai iced tea I'm used to having taste like I'm drinking cold flavored water 

My pineapple shrimp fried rice had 3 shrimp in it and a bit dried I expected more curry flavor and it just did not do it for me.

I won't be getting what I got today but willing to try the rotti Cani other than that, I guess I expected more
Ok I'm pretty sure I blacked out for most of my dinner from how spicy the food was so maybe this review is just a blur... 

Anyways, it started with me requesting a 3/5 on the spice level for my dan dan noodles. I love spicy food and feel like I have a high tolerance. But ok, f that, not at Xiandu. Just a kind note for readers. 

The waiter kindly brought over some coconut milk that's used in the curries which I put on top of my noodles which alleviated the spice and actually added a nice flavor. I brought most of the noodles home which I added a zillion vegetables to to dilute the taste, and in retrospect (my stupidity for ordering the 3..YIKES), the food was really good, and same with the service. 

Every night they have a specialty cocktail for $5 which is really cool too, just make sure to ask! 

Prices for a Thai restaurant are slightly higher (like $13 entrees instead of the more like $10 I tend to see) but the ambiance here is definitely nice and so is the location.
Opening up a restuarant in center city is a huge risk.  So when I saw that a new restuarant took a shot at this location, I decided to give it a shot.  Boy am I glad I tried.  

Restuarant has a modern decor, and rather quiet ambiance.  The walls don't have any art on it yet so when you walk in, it still looks a little barren.   (I did later find out they are waiting for the art to come in)

Food here is absolutely amazing.  I tried the seafood dynamite.  The scallops were juicy and flavorful and monk fish crispy yet moist.  The sauce was that topped it was added the perfect about the of sweetness to the dish and  really brought the textures of the seafood to life.  This dish was absolutely amazing.  It was something I can definately see Budakan charging a upward of 30 dollars for.  

It takes guts to open up in center city, but I really think they've got what it takes and hope that they do well.

**also someone else also mentioned.  skip the spring rolls.  I do agree.  They were all that spectacular.
Found this diamond in the rough while searching for Thai food.  Came after visiting the Museum with my daughter (on 12/26). A fifteen minute ride by uber from the museum.   

The restaurant is cool with Thai/Asian influence.  The service was good, our waitress was pleasant and always stop by to make sure we were satisfied with our food and drinks.

After surfing the menu we decided to go with the Crispy Spring rolls, Red Curry which came with jasmine rice and the Pad Kee Mao - similar to drunken noodles. Typically their food is spicy but you can always request they decrease the spice level.   My cocktail of choice was the Martini Lychee...yummy
 
Haven't been to many Thai restaurants in Philly but this one is on my list to come back to.
This is my favorite thai place in the city. We went in at about 6pm on a Sunday night and were pleasantly surprised to find out it was happy hour!  We both got drinks and a couple $3 appetizers, my favorite being the chicken satay. For the main course I got the red curry and my boyfriend got the pad kee mao. We asked for it extra extra spicy and were not disappointed. 

We usually get this place delivered, but they have a great ambiance in the restaurant. It was a nice 70 degree day in December and they had the front of the restaurant opened up. A great hidden gem in center city.
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff. 

Split pea soup: flavorful
Spring Rolls: bland
Red Curry Vegetables: delicious 
Pad Thai Vegetarian: excellent 
BYOB
This place is amazing!!! Today was my second time coming here. The waiter is awesome and everyone is extremely friendly. We had Asian dumplings for the appetizer which was the best I ever had. For entree I had shrimp pad Thai which was really delicious. And my bf had the angry beef which he thoroughly enjoyed as well. He made a comment stating that we never finish our food whenever we went out to eat before. We finished it all and had no need for a to go bag. We also had the the mango Thai tea which was perfect.
Terrible service and attitude. First of all, the food doesn't even taste authentic, a few basil leaves here and there don't make a poorly executed dish Indian or Thai. And by the way what rubbish dish claimed to be Singapore?' I petty those customers who don't know better. What a waste of time and money. Secondly, I don't feel sorry at all that your delivery guy who walked less than half a block didn't feel justified for his time because he didn't get tipped. A tip is customary to reflect good service rendered. It is not compulsory. By the way, there was not a single utensil or sauce/condiment to be found in the bag. Fair? Who cares? Therefore why should we tip for bad and lackluster service? Thirdly, as management, hanging up after lecturing your customer about tip in order to "stand up" for your delivery guy is just pathetic. It was a pleasure to share this one of a kind atrocious ordering experience with everyone in the department. There will be no more business from us. Ciao
The name Xiandu seems borrowed from Mandarin so we were skeptical about finding legit Thai at this highly rated establishment. Nevertheless we walked in one evening and sure enough, the restaurant is Thai-inspired at best. The menu also lists some Chinese, Vietnamese and Malaysian dishes along side.

A good version of drunken noodles incorporates chopped bird-eye chilies with shallots and garlic in the stir-fry process. The result is an incredibly flavor packed dish which hits the drunk-hungry spot. Sadly these are mute points when it comes to describing what we had. Their version of Pad Kee Mao was too sweet. Notes of basil were not pronounced and the heat was very one-dimensional  from the dry red pepper. The Pineapple Fried Rice was a closer take to a traditional version but something was amiss. 

All said and done, one can see why the restaurant has good ratings. The interior looks maintained and clean. The flavor profiles definitely appeal to someone who loves General Tso's from a Chinese take-out. Service is courteous and the bar is a plus. For us it's a middle of the line 3-stars.
came here on a sunday night for an early happy hour dinner and had a great time! they have great happy hour specials on a sunday; we got the roti which was so delicious but wish they gave us more curry. the pad thai was good as well! i was pretty impressed with the red curry i got, it was the perfect amount of spicy. i'll definitely be back to try their other dishes! inside was very clean and very open as well. the service was attentive and fast
Foods are delicious, nice service. Will recommend to Friends and families. Even have 9 people party waiting table timing was not bad
Came here on a whim for a quick early dinner date and was surprised to find out it was happy hour...YAY!  Happy hour runs from 5-7 and their menu is pretty extensive.

We ordered:
Chicken Satay: comes with 2 skewers and delicious peanut sauce
Roti Canai: lovely and flakey with a flavorful side of curry chicken and potatoes 
Chicken Pad Thai: my first introduction to it and I loved it, rice noodles with chicken, peanuts, bean sprouts and some other yummy stuff
Chicken Lettuce wraps: fresh lettuce with sautéed chicken, hint of lime
Samosas: hot and crispy with a lovely filling and a yogurt dill dipping sauce

All of the dishes were yummy and brought out as they were ready.  Our waitress was very nice and accommodating and checked in on us to make sure we had everything we needed.  The  drinks were very good (Apple sangria & Blue Hawaiian) and large. And the ambiance was just right.  We will definitely be back to try more.
I had never been here before but will definitely be back! The service was great and friendly. The food was wonderful. We had the calamari and sexy finger appetizers, which were both yummy. The calamari was perfect and the dipping sauce delicious! I had pad Thai and my friend had the seafood lover for dinner. 

Portions were big, I could not finish mine. We also had caramel apple martinis which were large and also good and strong! I highly recommend this place for dinner and can't wait to go back.
Xiandu Thai is an absolute gem among all the Center City restaurant chaos. It's unfortunate that this place wasn't full on a Friday night because it is one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to and I can't wait to go back.

Let me start at the top. Service was on par with the highest end of restaurant...Capital Grille, Butcher & Singer, etc. Waiter was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. Everything you'd expect and more. I'd go back just knowing the service I'd get.

Our waiter suggested the Roti Canai and, as he said, "you know it's good when the waiter is telling you to order the cheapest thing on the menu." It was very good, but was actually my least favorite part of the meal because everything else was just that good.

Singapore Pai-Koot (spare ribs) was my favorite part of the meal. It was hard to even grab the ribs off the plate because the meat slid right off (a sign of good ribs) and the sauce was unbelievable..I'm not even sure how to describe it so just order it. 

In a close second was the Pad Kee Mao. It's similar to Pad Thai but with wide noodles (and really, don't order Pad Thai on a Thai restaurant. It's like ordering General Tso's at a Chinese place). Also fantastic.

For the other dishes, we got the Papaya Salad. However, this was not a green lettuce salad with papaya. It was diced papaya served with all the accompaniments but still very good. Thai Basil Eggplant & Tofu was a generous portion for the price and also great. 

The only negative, if I had to pick one. The drink prices were a bit on the pricier side but not out of the ordinary. Just a bit more than what you'd expect in Center City.

Overall, a great dining experience and pleasant surprise (we originally tried to go to another place but had a 90 minute wait). A bit heartbreaking more people don't know about this place. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
We were expecting great things from Xiandu Thai with 4.5 stars and 61 reviews on yelp! 

First the pros, the restaurant is cool and simple Asian chic. It is a very pleasant space. We had a reservation and were seated promptly. Xiandu Thai has a pretty large staff and our servers were excellent and attentive. The noise level is also good; it is not hard to carry a conversation. They also offer reduced parking at nearby lot on 12th street. The restaurant also has a nice bar area.

The cons; the food was just OK and I have to agree with Monica L. We had the Chicken Satay, the chicken was moist and but the Satay sauce was bland and missing the strong peanut flavors and had absolutely no heat. For entrees we had the Angry Beef, Pad Thai and Striped Bass. The Angry Beef had decent flavors but the meat was chewy. The Pad Thai was again bland, even for Pad Thai and served without peanuts. The Stripe Bass came with some nice vegetables, tomato, corn salad and avocado and was cooked nicely, but it again was bland for us.

I just don't get the high 4.5 stars, I love Thai food and Xiandu Thai is only 3 stars for me.  It wasn't a bad meal by any means but it wasn't 4.5 star worthy.
I'm going with all five here like some of the others.  Great Thai food, EXCELLENT jasmine green tea!! ...and it's BYOB (although I had none to bring).  I'd def say if in Philly and looking for some good Thai food with a nice atmosphere this should be a go to spot.  Not to mention it's location is great and you can walk somewhere else for a good drink or something.
I'm sorry Yakitori Boy, it's not you its me.  I still love you, you've been great, we can still be friends and hang out on occasion.  However, I'm courting a new Happy Hour love.  

We were in the area with hungry eyes.  Launched Yelp and Xiandu was a shining star in the ratings game. We walked in and were greeted by a sincere smile, "are you here for Happy Hour?"  Those words invoke a visceral smile from my face, to my soul, to my stomach.   The Happy Hour menu has variety.  A lot of attention is placed on the presentation of the small plates, the drinks and the service.  The decor is loungy.   Truth be told, I didn't look much past the amazingly flavorful dishes, tasty drinks and my lovely date.  

Xiandu has delicious food, provides great service, chic atmosphere and great tasting drinks at a fair price.  Can't wait to explore the rest of the menu.   

Loved: 

Samosas: Flakey and delicious.  

Roti: Tender on the bone chicken stew, Indian spices and a flakey, doughy, fresh baked bread. 

Lettuce Wraps: Very well seasoned meat.  

Pad Thai: B+ on the Pad Thai scale.
I was blown away by the flavors and presentation of the Chu Chee Duck entree.  I am giving this place 5 stars mainly because this dish was amazing. I had it yesterday and am craving it now. The duck was cooked to perfection, as was the vegetable red curry sauce.  The flavors worked together so well that I was making weird noises with every bite. Even if you don't normally like duck, you will very much enjoy this dish. 

My fiancé and our friend got the drunken noodles. The noodles were pretty good. My fiancé said she would give the noodle a 4.  

The service was great and the ambience is really nice. We came for a late dinner. It wasn't very packed. We were seated immediately. The food came out very fast and was piping hot. There is a spacious bar in the front of the restaurant, with the dining area in the back. This place would be great for groups and date night. I highly recommend!
This restaurant was wonderful!  There was a wide selection of drinks.  My daughter had a scrumptious Thai chicken and I had a salad.  My niece and nephew had Salmin.  All of the meals were precisely prepared and attractively presented.  I had a red apple sangria and my nephew had a gimlet.  Both were delicious!  The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing.  Next time I am in the area, I would definitely return!
Ordered my usual Tum Yum soup for delivery and the taste was horrid. 
The soup was a different color- more brown than light pink. The taste was bitter and rancid. Can't even explain it. Everyone else had their dinner but I really just wanted to have Tum yum. 
I will never order Tum yum soup from this place again.
Dropped in to try the Chicken Pad Kee Mao (a.k.a. drunken noodle) and quite frankly, I didn't get any of the strong authentic bold Thai flavors I had come to expect out of this dish.  I don't think that authentic Thai is what they strive to be, so I guess my expectations were a little off.  

The service was really attentive and quick.  I was seated quickly in the front of the restaurant, next to a bar with TVs showing the evenings sports.  My food/drink and subsequent check were served quickly which was preferably given I was parked at a meter nearby.
Still One of the Best, Still One of My Favorites

It's been quite a while since I had been to Xiandu for no particular reason that we've been so busy so when we do have time to ourselves we get too lazy to go out. 

And it's been a big regret of mine. Everything is just as I remembered, and I finally ran into Brian again (a server mentioned in my previous review) who is still the very best I've ever had (I mean you never forget those). 

Service is still top notch (thanks for still remembering me, it makes me feel so at home when I visit!). And the happy hour is still great. 

There are a lot of great specials throughout the week, along with some specials if a show is open across the street at The Forrest Theater. I recommend almost everything on the menu. It's all so good and the drinks are well made (and strong). My only wish? If I could visit at least once a month.
A 4 overall: 3.5 stars for food/drink, 5 stars for excellent service and ambience

Who/When: We came with a large group of individuals on a Friday lunch time. 

Ambience: A nice open-air restaurant, with inviting staff, excellent service that offered great suggestions.

Food:
-On the recommendation of our waiter, I got the Love special margarita (non-alcoholic) that had red guava and pineapple ($4.50) and a regular chicken pad thai from the lunch special menu plus a salad ($10) (note: lunch specials can also come with tum yum soup, which the other guests were raving about).
-The drink was sweet, well-presented, vibrant and did not disappoint
-The pad thai was a bit too spicey for my weak tolerance and maybe a little greasier than I am used to. The plate size was quite large, filling and otherwise delicious.

Service: Our waiter offered great recommendations for patrons regarding spice levels (1-5) and food/drink options, and for that, I think this place warrants a 4 stars. They consistently checked on our table. I would probably make sure to ensure a more timed delivery of plates for large groups as some individuals had to wait an extra 5-7min for their dishes to come out.

Tips/Takeaways:
++Tum Yum soup
++Lunch special pricing of an entree ($10-12) plus soup or salad
-Large serving sizes and great prices
-Would recommend return every 3-5 months for that Thai lunch craving
I have been to Xiandu a few times and absolutely love their drunken noodles and all Thai curries. 

The last time I went, I ordered the Roti Canai with chicken curry dipping sauce and Penang Curry with rice. No disappointments there.

Drinks: The two best drinks on the menu are Lychee Martini and the exotic spicy cocktail (I think it is called Tom Kha Martini or something?). If I had to choose a favorite, it has to be the latter hands down.

High price to portion size ratio compared to china town places but understandably so because of the ambience.
Ordered delivery through EAT24 last night, and we were NOT disappointed!  Food came FAST and was fresh and delicious.  Prices were reasonable for delivery Thai food. We ordered the: 

Vietnamese Summer Rolls: Yummy, 4-5 to an order, very fresh/healthy.  Peanut dipping sauce was nice. 

Curry Dumplings: A surprise!  Really good.  You know how sometimes you crave curry but can't imagine eating a WHOLE DISH of it?  (No?  Ok, maybe that's just me...) These dumplings provided a perfect little burst of curry flavor.  

Fried Calamari: Oh.My.God.  Possibly the best I've had in Philly.  Simply but perfectly seasoned (salt & pepper?).  Not greasy. Thin but crispy coating. And the dipping sauce - chili lime, I think? - SOOOO good!  This was the only dish that we finished. I'm already craving this dish again. 

Pad Thai w/vegetables: Note that this also comes with tofu (not listed on EAT24's site).  Really good but standard pad thai - definitely fresh and plentiful. Not my favorite thing we ordered, but still decent. 

Total came to just under $40 with tax. Would be curious to try a number of other dishes on the menu!
This is definitely a good place for takeout. Never dined in. 

The pad thai, roti canai, red curry, and fried rice I've tried here were all very flavorful. I would definitely recommend Xiandu as a solid delivery/takeout Thai option in the area.
I ordered the chicken pad Thai with spicy sauce on the side for delivery and it was delicious!
It was a rainy day in the city of brotherly love when our plane touched down. The flight was too long from Dallas. It did not take long to get out of the airport to catch a cab to Hotel. But the traffic was slow on the way , just put a test on the threshold of my patience. I was pretty tired and hungry for hot spicy foods and found one within 5 min walking distance from my hotel. It was drizzling but I was too lazy to take the umbrella. As a matter of fact, I was enjoying the slow snd soft drops of rain on this hot evening. I did a reservation on line for two. We were greeted by the receptionist and was given a booth. Plain and simple decoration with moderate noise level. But the menu had  lot of choices. I had trouble deciding what to order. I ordered chicken tortilla rolls and seafood Lover. The chicken tortilla was delicious with basil leaves. Enjoyed that with two different sauces. The seafood Lover , a mixture of different seafood was full of spices and flavor. It made me full and made my day. I was too full to order any dessert. The price of the food is reasonable. No valet parking . I enjoyed the food and definitely will come back in future.
Really enjoyed this new place! It was pretty empty for a Friday night but it was understandable given that they opened a month ago..the server was really nice & she provided great service! The Tom yum soup was bombbbbbb. Also got the mango chicken (which my friends loved), Penang curry, pineapple fried rice and drunken noodles.. They were all so delicious and reasonably priced! Would definitely come back, but next time with something to drink.. Didn't know they were Byob! Their hot jasmine tea was really good (free refills on drinks)!
Everything was great! Nancy and Brian were our servers, they were fantastic. The experience was so much more valuable when we were told that Nancy is co-owner. She was so down to earth and personable and never gave that "I'm the boss!" sort of vibe. I don't really remember everything we had, but it all tasted great. To name a few, we had sexy fingers, red curry shrimp and shrimp pad thai. I was very satisfied with the taste and quality of the food, the service we received, and the luxury of the location. It is a beautiful restaurant! Brian even added personal nicknames on our doggy bags based on how he got to know us that evening, such a cute little touch. I asked "Brian, have you ever been so stuffed & satisfied that you get a little angry?" We all laughed about it and my bag came back saying "Lil Miss Aggressive" lol. It was a great time, and we will certainly be back.
Xiandu Thai... you're so good. 

First off service was fantastic, also they have recently received their liquor license and this place is looking to party with daily happy hour 5 to 7, speciality drinks are 8 to 10 bucks. 

Had a great appetizer, basically a flour tortilla with chicken curry $5 and for my entree of course I went with the Pad kee mao, steak medium cooked extra spicy... Of course it was not spicy enough so I was brought a side of some hell fire dry chili paste, which I have never seen the likes of... and fell in lust.  

Will definitely be back for happy hour and the hot stuff.
I thought during COVID, there was supposed to be contact-less delivery.  The delivery person (specific to Xiandu, not a third party) handed it to me directly  and was not wearing gloves or a mask. 

To make it worse, there was black hair in the food.  Definitely not mine, a different color and length.  Very gross, had to throw it out.
I placed a $50 order online through DoorDash. I marked it as $0 tip because I intended to tip via cash.

Shortly after placing the order an employee of the restaurant contacted me via phone to inquire as to whether I intended to tip via cash or not tip. I was INFURIATED, and made it very clear that tipping is NOT compulsory they have no right to call me up and ask this, even though I most certainly intended to tip via cash.

I was then told "many people say they are going to tip cash and then they don't," and they threatened to cancel my order if I didn't add a tip via the debit card I had already paid with.

This is the most horrific bullshit I've ever heard in my LIFE.
Xiandu thai is an indian/thai fusion restaurant with a nice ambiance!

The good: the roti canai was very similar to naan and tasted light and flavorful especially with the chicken/potato mixture for dipping. My friend had the pineapple sick which was really good and flavorful but it comes with a $23 price tag. The staff was very friendly and happy to give suggestions!!

The bad: Cost ($20) for an appetizer and an entree isnt too bad, but it also isn't a steal by any means. The pad thai was good but singing really to right home about.
I have been here twice, and both times it has been wonderful! Their menu offerings may not be the most authentic Thai cuisine options as the title suggest, so this place has some small fusion components built into it, but this does not mean they have sacrificed any quality in delicious traditional Thai food. For vegetarians, note that all the curries except the yellow curry have fish sauce; the yellow curry is quite incredible though. Their Pad Kee Mao with vegetables and tofu was also excellent; it had relatively fresh, tasty rice noodles, with a perfect level of heat and spices mixed with well-cooked firm tofu and vegetables. I would definitely come back to have this dish again!
They sadly do not have vegetable egg rolls, but that would be a great addition for them to put into their menu! However, in the meanwhile for the vegetarians, I would recommend trying the veggie dumplings; the outside is slightly on the chewier side, but the filling is flavorful and the dipping is some curry-like ginger chili sauce.
I recommend this place for sure; it is also reasonably priced for the quantity of food provided.
The best Thai food I have had outside of Thailand. All of the curries are great, but the Khao Soi Gai noodle soup is outstanding.
Our return visit since March with the pandemic outbreak.  Still, the same, wonderful, catering, great food restaurant... just with a whole bunch of new safety protocols so that dinners and staff can all enjoy a safe experience together. 

We called made a reservation, they offered outside on Walnut or just inside by the front.  Our table was waiting for our arrival.  They are using paper menus, consider it a take away gift to remember what you ate.

Such a pleasant, warm, and friendly intro by Bonnie the Bartender) who took great care of us.

We started off with two wonderful glasses of wine from their selection, my wife the Savugoin Blanc and the Reisling for me.  Since had been so many months we opt to share all dishes and spread each out as a course staring with the shrimp shumai (8 pieces), steamed oriental shrimp and crab dumpling with yellow curry dipping sauce.  Delicate, lovely texture, the memorable flavor; hence, WONDERFUL.  Nothing like what we get closer to home.  

Our second dish was the curry puff (4 pieces), chicken, potato, carrot, green peas wrapped in a flaky light pastry.  Was heavenly.  Delicate, full of flavor.  Trust me, a must-have.

Our third dish was the green curry with chicken, green curry paste, coconut milk with string beans, mushrooms, eggplant, bamboo shoots, bell peppers, zucchini, and basil.  The chicken was so tender, nice mouth bite-size pieces, cooked to perfection.  A light hint of spice and overall, a delightful dish that we both devoured it.  

For our last course, we tried a dish we never had before, the  Asian taco with duck- 2 pieces (and a nice size portion), Thai roti pancake filled with BBQ duck, onion, bell pepper, tomato, corn, and avocado.  WOW!!! A home run fun unexpecting dish.  Another must-try dish. 

All in all a 5! more like a 10.  Such an attentive staff, courteous, friendly, and they know the names of their regular patrons; one day they'll remember our faces (mask or not). 

See our food photos.
Great flavors but not too traditional for Thai food. The yellow curry was a delight, the potatoes in it were deep fried and added yet another layer of complexity to the dish. 

The appetizers were a let down. The duck tacos came out as these massive two tacos. We were surprised with the description that had been given on the menu. We were anticipating something much more delicate but it was large pieces of duck, red onion, and avocado. The taste was good but too much of the dish. We also got sexy fingers. They weren't anything special.
This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in center city Philadelphia. My personal favorite is the Tom yum soup and the pad Thai. The food quality and taste is excellent. Ambience is good and the service is quick. Food price is also fair. All of our friends also enjoyed their spring rolls. I definitely recommend this place and I would love to come back and dine again. There is ample street parking too. Don't forget to order their pineapple fried rice.
Great happy hour! The drunken noodles are amazing and the happy hour portion is nearly as big as the full portion for dinner. The curry puffs are also good. Wine/ beer is only $4 for happy hour!

I haven't tried any other drinks but cocktails ( like Margarita, mojito) are only $6 for happy hour. Definitely planning on going back!
Sooo delicious!! The restaurant is still open during COVID pandemic but with different operation hours. I decided to order takeout after work. They offer contactless takeout. I ordered the pad kee mao with beef. It also came with a decent amount of vegetables such as cauliflower, kale and carrots. The noodles were cooked to perfection. Not soggy at all. The spiciness made it the perfect dish. Definitely would order again. I am very excited to try their other dishes.
Our party of 8 dined here for dinner after we saw "Hamilton" across the street at the Forrest Theater.  We had made reservations, which was a good idea, though they were actually able to seat us early.

The restaurant itself was chic and cool with Thai/Asian influence throughout. It seemed clean and nicely maintained.  Full bar downstairs.  Single-stall restrooms available.

Service was excellent -- very attentive and friendly.  

Food was prepared fresh and served hot.  We shared some appetizers, including the Sexy Fingers, Asian Dumplings, Chicken Satay, and Somosas.  Everything was full of flavor, as can be expected from quality Thai food!

Most of us ordered variations of the Drunken Noodle, including me.  One person asked for it less spicy, and they happily obliged.  Everyone enjoyed their dishes immensely!  Many of us also got drinks.  I liked my Coconut Horchata Rumtini -- so yummy!

I would welcome the opportunity to dine here again!
So happy this place opened up! I already am a regular with a go to take out order. Prices are comparable to other asian fusion places in the area (10% Jefferson discount is so nice!!!) Can't wait to try out more of their menu and dine in (I've only done take-out a few times so far). The basil tofu & eggplant side is delicious and a substantial serving size for a side. The crispy spring rolls taste amazing!
Deliciouso!! I ordered delivery on a Saturday night at 910 and the good came around 10, which was great. Food was hot and delivery man was extremely nice. I ordered the veggie red curry (came with jasmine rice yum!) and spring rolls. The curry was delicious just the right amount of spice, it also came with an array of vegetables including cauliflower, mushroom, red and green peppers, potatoes, cabbage, green beans, and bamboo shoots. Will definitely be ordering from here again!!!!!!
This was one of my favorite restaurants in Philly while I lived there. Flavorful food and strong drinks - great happy hours with good portion sizes too! The style is more fusion than pure authentic Thai but I love it. Would highly recommend!
This place has been around for a while and I remember when it before when it was a sushi restaurant. Anyhow this place is great for the value of the food as well as the service. Honestly, they have the most friendliest waiters and waitresses for a restaurant of this scale. In terms of the price I've always gone for lunch and their lunch specials are great for the price.  If you're in the mood for Asian fusion type meal in a nice setting, I'd recommend Xiandu.
Xiandu Thai. Hands down my faaaavorite red curry ever. For 3 years I just stuck to the pad Thai, drunken noodles and fried rice. Then one night my roommate and I decided to be risky and order the curry and we were practically licking our plates. I still think about it at random and have had it a few times since. It's just as tasty with tofu (my vegetarian friend convince me to share with her) or chicken. The broth is amazing the flavors are just right and the amount of spice is just perfect oof. My recommendation is to eat it heavy on the curry and light on the rice. 

I've also enjoyed most of the other dishes there, never a complaint. Deliver tends to take a bit longer than it should but I've learned to just order early. I do think the prices are a tad high but if that's the worst thing I guess it's ok. 

Bottom line - some of my favorite Thai in philly!
Take-out quality food. I ordered out delivery of pad thai and a side order of thai basil eggplant and tofu. Everything was very oily. The pad thai was not very flavorful or fresh and was basically just a jumble of noodles. 

The flavor was better with the eggplant and tofu, but it was very oily and heavy. 

I have had thai that was fresh, flavorful, and left me feeling much lighter. This did not. If you're looking for something similar to Chinese take out quality food, or something to eat while your drunk or absolutely starving, go for it. I wouldn't come here looking for anything other than an average meal.
Got take out and it was just ok.  We got chicken pad thai, shrimp pad thai, and samosas.  The pad thai didn't have much flavor.  It definately needed more sauce and was a bit dry.  There are much better spots for pad thai here in the city. 

The samosas were flavorful and crispy. I would probably get those again if I ever found myself ordering from here again
Whenever I want Thai food, I always seem to end up here! Their roti canai dish is my favorite! So flavorsome and tasty. The drunken noodles are also packed with so many veggies just the way I like it and their flat noddles not so chewy! Every bite is loaded with flavor! Mango chicken is not pictured but I have gotten that a few times and cannot recommend it enough!
The food was phenomenal, surpassed only by the wonderful service. The portions were very generous especially when compared to the price. I could only get through half my pad Thai!
I ordered the chicken pad Thai. I wish the eggs were mixed in instead of on the side. It was good but a bit overpriced.
One of the places or restaurants where I loved every single thing from service to food to ambience. 
This place has it all.

The food is absolutely amazing - we tried some tofu appetizer and roti canai and they were super amazing. The curry that came with Roti Canai was nice and thick and tasted delicious. We also had Drunken noodles, fried rice, red curry and Penang curry. Surprisingly every single thing had the right amount of spices and tasted so good.

It's the best Thai restaurant I have been to in PA or DE.
UGH- I read the reviews thinking I found my Thai spot in Philly. Sadly this place is a disappointment! I am a huge fan of Thai, its one of my favorite cuisines  so perhaps I am a bit of a Thai snob, ill admit it. there is no shame in that. 

Granted, this spot is very cute in a nice part of philly. Staff is really nice, menu is great, ambiance is nice and they have a bar but the main part which is the food, is just lacking. Can I get some flavor with my food please?! I ordered Roti and it was so bland! The chicken in basil sauce was decent, nothing to make me want to go back. 

Lunch service was SLOW!! we had to get our food wrapped up before it actually came out because it took so long. 
Yes the staff was pleasant but I don't want to rush because you're taking so long.

Still in search for Thai in philly... Stay toned.
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night, and the place was empty. The service and the food are okay. I think I am expecting too much out of restaurants in Philadelphia. Good if you live nearby I guess, but not worth a trip into the city for if you live far away.
Best place to eat. I have tried a variety of things and everytime it's amazing. Definitely one of my favorites.
Okay I've been a member since 2010 and I've only written 5 reviews. I'm as lurky as Yelp Lurkers get, but I do write reviews when I really feel strongly about something. I have been to Xiandu about six or seven times, and now's my time to come out of hiding.

If you are looking for straight-from-mother's-kitchen kind of cuisine, what are you doing in Center City. Go to Chinatown and be a snob there. I mean that in the best way possible, and that doesn't mean that Xiandu does not serve dishes that closely resemble its origins. So if you want a place with still very enjoyable food, great decor, and a place without touching elbows with the person at the next table (I'm looking at you Barbuzzo), then come to Xiandu.

Dishes I recommend:

Pad Thai - Once upon a time, I ate Pad Thai every day made in a woman's dining room in Chiang Mai, Thailand. Their version is pretty close to the stuff I had. If you are a spice addict like me, also ask them to kick up the spice level (5 is the highest). 

Pad Kee Mao - I like my noodles the way I like my bike lanes. The wider the better. I had this with chicken, which was delicious and moist. Again, ask them to kick up the spice level if you want.

Thai Fried Rice - Sometimes the only way to get through the day is a solid fried rice dish. I definitely like this over the Pineapple and Fancy Fried Rice. It has great flavor without being too overpowering. Oh and ask them to kick up the spice level. You know. If you want.

Honoi Pork Chop - Okay disclaimer. I'm Vietnamese, and I am obligated to say that this pork chop is just alright. That means it's pretty good. But if you're Vietnamese too, go visit your mom, eat her pork chop, and tell her you love her. 

The owners, Nancy and Bonnie, are very nice and accommodating, as well as the rest of the staff. Without a doubt, Xiandu is a gem in Center City for Asian food. I hope whoever you are reading this will enjoy Xiandu as much as I du.
Came here on a Friday night, and decided I love this place. It is clean and very modern looking, good ambiance. Our waiter Brian was incredible. He was very kind and funny and definitely went over and above to ensure that our dining experience was excellent. It's nice to see that waiters love the restaurant they work in, and that was definitely the case for Brian. He was sincerely excited about the restaurant and the delighted in the food they served. He offered helpful suggestions when we asked and made sure our dishes were just the right spice level, even going into the kitchen to remind the staff that we wanted our dishes to be mild. 

I ordered the chicken yellow curry (as per Brian's suggestion), and it was delicious. It was extremely flavorful in and just the right consistency. I was actually surprised at how flavorful the dish was. Yellow curry can tend to be a bit bland, but this one had great thai flavors and was not like that at all. The chicken was tender and the vegetables just right. Personally, I would have liked to have a spicier curry, but the flavor was just so good it didn't really matter very much. The curry comes with jasmine rice, but I love that with every dish you have the option of substituting for brown rice for $1.50 more. The presentation of the food was superb, while still giving a sizeable portion to leave you full and satisfied. 

Overall, I was so happy with Xiandu. It was such a great dining experience because of our waiter, the staff, and the quality of the food. I would definitely recommend it and plan to come back and try more dishes in the future.
This is one of the best Thai restaurant I've been to in the city (second only to Tamarind on South Street). They can make most of their menu items vegetarian if requested (except the tom yum soup). 

I actually wasn't a fan of any of their appetizers that I tried:
-Spring rolls - very oily
-Roti canai - not vegetarian, but if requested, they will basically give you a bowl of yellow curry. The roti is very thick. No one has mastered roti canai like Penang and Banana Leaf
-Veg dumplings - meh
-Tofu baker - good, but wouldn't get it again

The reason I keep coming back here is because of their exceptional service, penang curry, and mango jasmine tea (must try!!!!). The penang curry is so flavorful and just the right amount of spicy. If you're feeling bold, ask for chili flakes on the side. The pad thai is also very good! This is a great place for large groups as it never gets crowded (which is surprising), the atmosphere is great, and its BYOB! It would be nice if they put some music on... it can get awkwardly silent sometimes and you can hear conversations from across the other side of the room. The portions are not really big enough to share, but definitely filling for one person. Overall, delicious curries, great service, nice atmosphere.
The waiters were incredible and have ordered from here before for great food. However, the manager was awful and rude, one of the worst customer experiences ever. We were at a local restaurant and we all ate except one friend, who found a bug in her food, so we called to determine this was a byob in order to allow our friend to eat and to bring our wine. Upon arrival and our friend ordering, the manager scolded us for having only one person ordering an entree, not allowing us to explain, that this was unacceptable and we could leave. There was only one other group in the restaurant, so we weren't taking away from any other individuals and were still making a purchase. Clearly this wasn't normal practice however it was extenuating circumstances yet the manager was so demeaning towards us and therefore we packed up our stuff and left. Sadly, will never be back and will never recommend this restaurant to others due to the managers terrible treatment of patrons and staff.
My husband and I regularly visit and order delivery from Xiandu as I LOVE Thai food! This place has excellent food -- very flavorful and always hot and fresh! I particularly like their spring rolls, roti canai, panang curry, and pad kee mao. Their portion sizes are generous and we always have plenty of leftovers. Their happy hour menu is also very inclusive of popular dishes and very worth the $! Would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for good Thai food in/near center city Philly.
Loved our lunch here!!!!  The sour apple sangria was delicious, as was the salad and the chicken skewers!  The Pad Thai was among the best my daughter has had!  The staff was friendly and eager to please.  Definitely a good place to hit when going to the Kimmel Center in Philly - they even offer a 10% discount to theater goers!
i just moved to the neighborhood, and order take-out probably twice a week from Xiandu ......... I LOVE THIS PLACE OMG!!!!! Everything is so fresh and SOOO delicious. the staff is very nice and very accommodating (i have food allergies so it means a lot not to get an eye roll haha...) 

it's about time center city had a great thai restaurant :)
I'm very picky with Thai food. This place just opened barely two weeks and I decided to try it out. I have to say that I had such a pleasant experience. The service was great and the food was good. I ordered the pork chops and red curry - delicious! Then I ordered the fried ice cream for dessert. Even though I haven't tried everything on the menu I would recommend it! It all looks so good! And from what I've tasted, I really like it.
Seriously...the only way this place can continue to serve the food it does at the prices it does is out of town visitors and people who have only ever eaten "Americanized" Thai food and don't mind the lackluster fare, ubiquitous to the US. What makes the food so "not good" here? It is very greasy and heavily done; real Thai food should never be flavored by using heavy grease. The joy of Thai cooking is the beautiful balance of contrasting flavors; spicy, sweet, sour, salty, bitter. The combination of surprising pairings is what gives Thai food its boldness. And the use of greens, vegetables and other "supporting cast" of the food world is what blows your mind. Food in Thailand is often humble and simple; it is not a region where cuisine is often "fancy" in terms of how it's served. But it is a cuisine that blows you away by its complexity in layered flavoring and use of fresh, bright ingredients. None of those features come through in the food here. Exhibit A: "Roti Canai" is a staple Malaysian food. This isn't a problem, IF it tasted good. At Xiandu, the first and last note you will notice is the grease from the roti. 

You have so many better South Asian food spots in Philly, specifically in and around Chinatown. Don't waste your money because the look of this spot is glamorous. Sadly, the staff is friendly, which makes me feel bad in being honest. But the food is not very authentic, tasty or valued fairly.
I got the Drunken Noodles, which was delicious. It's a bit spicy but I would definitely get it again. This is the second time I've been here this week and the food has been amazing!
My first Yelp review ever goes to the newest but best Thai restaurant in Center City. You're sure to have a great meal here. BYO until the bar opens next month.

2/6/14 visited again.  Duck in red curry, not on the menu, was amazing.  Still a BYO as the license has not come through yet.
Reading the reviews expected better.  Perhaps the chef had a bad night. Fish cakes appetizers were small and from the frozen section of your neighborhood Asian grocery store. My seafood lover lacked flavor, needed both heat and sweetness. I didn't get the chili sauce at all. I have been to many Thai restaurants, both in Thailand and here in the states.   I know good Thai food. This was unexpectedly disappointing.
This place will not disappoint!!! Great atmosphere, great prices, and great food!!

Came here around lunch time and it wasn't too crowded. The lunch specials are around ~10 bucks and comes with soup or salad. I did not opt for the lunch menu, but my 2 friends did and were not disappointed either.

Instead, I got the kai soi gai. I had no idea what this was, but I was in the mood for some broth noodles so I went with it. It is SO good. The description says there are soba noodles, but it's more like ramen noodles. The broth is thick but not so heavy that you'll feel too full. It's a bit spicy, but more so sweet and curry tasting. Even with my low tolerance for spice, I did not find the dish to be spicy at all! The broth has such a rich taste and the curry taste is not overbearing. I HIGHLY recommend this dish and I will definitely go back to get it again. The portions are just right!! 

My friend tried the pad Thai and said that it was very solid!!!! 

We also got the summer rolls and fried spring rolls, which were both amazing as well. Our total bill with three entrees, two appetizers, and three Thai iced teas came out to be just a little under 60 bucks, which I thought was such a good deal !!!!!!! Highly recommend this place, you will most definitely enjoy it if you like Thai food !!!!!
