I feel like not many people know about the killer deal that is XIX's three-course weekend brunch. For $22 a person, it's one of the nicest deals in the city, and in such a nice location. Being on the 19th floor of the Bellevue, the view is fantastic and you can look out onto the city from different directions.

The first and third course are essentially all you can eat, and the brunch includes a variation of sweetened/unsweetened teas. The first course include salads, cheeses, and charcuterie. You can stuff yourself on this alone, so make sure you save room for the rest of the meal. The second course is your choice from a handful of options that include some form of pizza, steak, vegetarian pasta, and fish. The main entree was really quite delicious and had great presentation. This spot was surprisingly not packed around noon on a Saturday morning, and I plan to be back here for a quiet weekend morning with quality food and service that won't break the bank.
Wow! Booziest $6 happy hour drinks in the city! I had two and accidentally got drunk. The first one was a gin drink that was a bit too sweet for me (Time after Thyme I think it was called), while the second one featured tequila and citrus and was much more well-balanced.

We decided to have a quick bite as well before a performance at the nearby Kimmel Center. I went with the crab cake and side of XIX salad (only $2 extra to get a small salad with the crab cake). The crab cake was really meaty with very nice chunks of lump crab meat. It was fully coated with a light layer of breadcrumbs and I believe was fried, which was OK but I prefer a crab cake without the coating and broiled. The side salad was tasty and worth the extra $2. It made a nice, light dinner.

My companions had the mussels and the calamari. The mussels were overflowing their pot and swimming in a tasty wine, butter, and fennel broth. The calamari was house made, lightly coated, and perfectly fried. All in all everyone was very pleased with their meals.

This place is a little pricey, and the food is good but nothing special. You're paying for atmosphere, which is admittedly quite tony. Come here to feel fancy.
Holy disappointment Batman! 
Do you like condescension and unprofessional behavior from hosts?
Do you like awkward tables?
Do you like having a group of 3 split between two small tables?
Do you like serving yourself?
Do you like being rushed?
Do you like being ignored by waitstaff?
Do you like under seasoned food?
Do you like over cooked dry fish?
Do you like staff taking chairs from your table mid meal without asking to accommodate another table?
Do you like a waitress waiting like a vulture for the check?

If you answered yes to any or all the questions above XIX is the place for you. 

To start off the host who greeted & sat us asked us if we wanted bottled water, sparkling water, or "Philly's best..."
Now this I would let slide if I were in a more casual place but I'm sorry that is obnoxious. But was only the beginning of the unprofessional behavior. So we are sat a two small tables in the corner that are oblong and so our party of three felt disconnected and basically eliminated conversation for one person, and we could not get any of the famed view of the city from there. 

The first course was an assortment of salads, cheeses, etc that we had to get from the center of the room ourselves. Fine, but at least toss the damn salads before putting them out. All the dressing and croutons and such were left hidden under the bare greens. 

So on to the second course. The only thing the kitchen had to cook and the waitstaff has to serve. Well the hosts brought out our entrees. Cleared my places and the places of the person across from me but neglected to clear the placed of our 3 party member exiled to the secondary table. She was left surrounded by dirty plates and had her entree given to her before she was done with her salad. I got he lamb & pasta dish. This consisted on about a teaspoon of ground unseasoned lamb, bland pasta, and a "sauce" that was more like broth that proceeded to splatter whenever I attempted to eat a noodle. There was also a sprinkling of some cheese like product that the menu claimed was ricotta. I have had better pasta made by 12 yr olds. The other two diners in my party ordered the fish of the day which was striped bass. It came out and instantly it was obvious that it was overcooked and dried out. I don't eat fish and I could tell that from across the table. The beans it was resting on were only half cooked and disgusting. Now keep in mind this is the only course that the kitchen had to prepare. The salad assortments and the dessert offerings were pre-made and out on the buffet in the middle of the room. How do you mess this up? You have one thing to do, you best do it well! To add to this we had just begun the desserts, after waiting for the waitress who was doing nothing more than refilling drinks to wander by and clear plates, and she slapped the check down already. Then one of the other staff comes and steals a chair from the second table. Now it wasn't be used and we were on the final leg of the meal but seriously ASK IF IT IS OK TO TAKE JUST DON'T FERRET IT AWAY! Not like you are disregarding our existence or anything. Then our waitress came back to stand behind the person across from me like a vulture waiting for the credit card to run the check. We felt extremely rushed and poorly treated, and from the looks on the faces of the other diners we were not the only ones.

Perhaps I need the point of Restaurant Week reexplained to me. My understanding was that it was a way for restaurants to draw by offering a cheap set menu to get in new clientele because their bottom lines are hurting. With that said I understand that for the cheaper price tag you are going to get cheaper items but shouldn't those items still be prepared well since you are trying to entice repeat customers. Meaning that you want them to considering coming back and ordering off your regular menu? As of right now I see no reason to ever go back to XIX.
I've been thinking about my top dining experiences for 2008 and, after dining at XIX for dinner recently, I'm adding it to my list.

We were seated in the far dining room (not the one when you first come off the elevator; although it is nice, go for the other one if you have the chance). The decor is gorgeous, there's a raw bar in the center of the room and the nighttime views are magnificent. I'm still swooning over my meal of crabcake, grilled octopus (prepare to be amazed) and duck. The bartender very kindly obliged my request for a nonalcoholic cocktail and served up a delicious virgin raspberry mojito that blew me away. And the service: ce magnifique! It was attentive without being pushy and Wilmer, one of our waitstaff, will have you cracking up throughout your dinner. I loved this - since XIX is such an upscale restaurant, it took a little of the edge off and made for a really enjoyable evening.

One of my favorite parts of the night was a dessert sampling and probably the best pot of tea I've ever had in my life. The Bellevue has its own blend of tea (Bellevue Blend) that consists of different flowers. It's pink, fragrant and delicate. Much like me :)

While it's obviously not a place to dine at on an everyday basis, this is one of my go-to restaurants for a fancypants experience. So if you're looking to impress someone, have a night to remember, seal the deal or all of the above, I highly suggest you make a reservation at XIX!
I would love to actually be able to review the food and drinks here, but sadly I can't even do that, because I was essentially turned away at the door.  

A few weeks ago, this nifty discount website I belong to (RueLaLa) had a special for XIX:  $25 for $50 worth of food.  Sweet!  My boyfriend and I were super excited about the chance to go, so we saved the voucher for a night when we had some time free, and meandered over there.   

When we walked in, the restaurant was essentially empty, except for a few staff standing around and watching "The Bachelor" (classy).  The host took us to our table (after informing us we couldn't sit at the famous bar because it was closed for renovations).  When we arrived at the table, I whipped out my  printed-out voucher and told the host we were planning to use the voucher for a few drinks and a couple of appetizers.  He said, "oh... you can't use that for drinks and appetizers.  You can only use that for a meal."  I was rather shocked, but I looked at the voucher again and NOWHERE did it say that I could only use it for an actual meal.  Not in the general description, not in the fine print -- nowhere.  

When I confronted him about this, he said, "Oh... you can tell from the hours they put on the voucher."  To which I replied, "what... you mean all the hours for the restaurant?"  What I'd wish I'd said was, "If you didn't want to honor this voucher, you shouldn't have signed up for it."

Since we basically felt like second-hand citizens, we left. Needless to say, I'm going to get my money back, and I'm never going back there, EVER.
What a wonderful place to come for lunch! And the express menu is an absolute steal; I had a food coma to prove this! Nineteen has a beautiful atmosphere and rightfully so atop the Bellevue with a view of the city skyline. Every place to sit is comfortable and clean and ambiance is sophisticated.

For the express lunch, you are tempted by a buffet display of appetizers, a set entrée, another display of delicious desserts, and choice of soda or iced tea as well. I ordered the grilled marinated pork as my entrée with gnocchi and then proceeded to the display. There was a cheesy Caesar salad, pasta with sun-dried tomatoes, another salad of greens with feta cheese and Portobello, some cheeses to sample, and curried shrimp. I was also introduced to that delicious little delight of a kumquat. All delicious. The pork was soft and delicious and definitely filled me up by that point. But how could I resist all those desserts? Delectable cheesecake bites, strawberry shortcake, fruit tarts, and cookies! I would only complain that there is a little bit too much cream on some of these desserts, but otherwise, great!

At first I thought it was annoying to take the elevator just to go to the bathrooms below just one floor, thinking the elevator would take a long time to come, but they are fast. So don't you worry.

Some mishaps: the hostess who greeted us was not very friendly at all. Granted, some of us may not have been dressed to dine here, but mind you, lady, we will be back at some point paying good money to keep you from being unemployed. Everyone else was very friendly.

For $19, an absolutely, hands down, solid deal!
First of all, I LOVE the bar.  It's so swanky and there is always at least one bartender who is super attractive.  I don't know about you but that equals points in my book.  The cocktails are good, and the happy hour specials are the jam, but the drinks aren't always consistent.  Take last night.  My first blueberry gimlet had lots of blueberries and was a bit on the syrupy side.  My second was only slightly blueberry tasting but the vodka taste was way offensive.  I suspect a brand switch came into play because that concoction could have cleaned an engine from '76.  But, it was Center City Sips night, so I get that they were crazier than usual and that's why.

The food is consistent and very high-quality every single time.  Sometimes the service can be a tad slow, and that includes times when there are only four or so tables taken in the entire restaurant.  I also feel that the dinner menu could be slightly less hoity-toity, for those people who don't want to branch out to frog legs and bison.  I don't need a roast chicken, but a bigger selection of seafood or even a pasta dish would be nice.  Those things aside, dining here really does make me pretty happy because the ambiance is so nice, the service (while sometimes slow) is generally excellent and the food is very good.  Having brunch here with my mom last year is probably one of my favorite Philly memories to date, and that's pretty cool.
During my stay at the Hyatt Bellevue I had the pleasure of dining at XIX for breakfast and dinner. Overall, the food and service was outstanding.  The breakfast buffet offers a wide variety of choices and is well worth the price.  The dinner menu offers lots of seafood choices. I had the crab cakes which were delicious.  The staff working during breakfast was awesome. Particularly Banche who went out of her way to learn all my preferences during my stay and was super friendly and helpful.  Also the very friendly Stephan who was working the bar at dinner time. He made some great beer and dinner menu recommendations and accommodated my special order nonsense with aplomb. In addition to the great staff and food, XIX is an architectural gem and should be on the list of any lover of historic buildings. Its a beautiful restaurant! Highly recommend.
I don't like to be complainy about the Yelp rating system, but XIX is a perfect example of how that 1/2 star could really come in handy. Technically I'd like to give this place a 3 1/2, but I'm feeling generous, so I'll round up.

The atmosphere is amazingly beautiful - and when it's warm you can sit out on the balcony, which is on my to-do list for the summer. And the food was pretty good. I was there for lunch with my husband, my friend, her fiancee and her parents and it's the perfect place for a special occasion (such as this: announcing an engagement to the family.) However, the service was sooooo sloowwwww...in fact, I'm still waiting for my tea. And it took about 20 minutes to get the check and it wasn't all that busy at all.

That said, at night you get a beautiful view of the city (remember, you're 19 floors up) and during the day it's bright and sunny. I'd go here again if  I needed to get my swank on. Other than that, I'd prefer to dine a little closer to ground level.
My boss took us up here for celebratory cocktails the other day, and I felt very posh to say the least. We sat out on the terrace, which has this very old-money feel to it; I suddenly had the urge to have a tiny dog on my lap =P They have great happy hour deals: $6 cocktails, half price glasses of wine and beer, and they give you a bowl of wasabi peas to snack on. And they are not messin around with their cocktails. She had the Pineapple Mint Julip, and I had the Peach Martini, both delicious, and made for quit a buzzed walk home. 

I noticed they have a prix fixe deal on every 3rd Thursday, $55 for 3 courses w/ wine pairing. Looked promising and I'll def have to come back to try their food.
I went during restaurant week and did not regret the choice. To start off with the atmosphere and the place in general is very elegant. It is a great date place, in fact my boyfriend and I had our first date there and I think the sophisticated decor, crisp white tables and dim lighting suited our purpose. The waiter was very amicable and ready to clarify anything on the menu as well as make suggestions as to what to order. 

To begin, I started off with the warm, wild mushroom salad. The mushrooms were flavorful and intelligently paired with a rich pesto, the smooth yet impactful taste of goat cheese, the robustness of the aged balsamic and the nice crunch from the sourdough crouton. 

For the second course, I had braised rib atop of gnocchi. The braised rib was tender and juicy and smothered in a rich either balsamic or port wine reduction sauce that was...no joke....to die for. I had to practically stop myself from licking the plate.  

For dessert I had a chocolate cake that was decadent and rich in flavor. The perfect ending to a perfect meal. 

Overall it was a very memorable date and not just because of my loving boyfriend but also the fabulous food. I highly recommend dining at XiX; however, I can only speak to these three dishes. My boyfriend had a not so satisfying experience with the seafood dishes. I believe he order sashimi as an appetizer and scallops for his entree, both of which he claimed were to salty and the latter undercooked. So seafood lovers beware, and go for the meat. You can never go wrong.
GO FOR LUNCH.

$22 gets you unlimited salad bar, which by itself is amazing- cheeses, meats, several types of delicious salads, unlimited dessert-fruit, cakes, cookies, everything. AND an entree. We packed up half our entrees!

Same great view, same good service, great deal.
Atmosphere - Unique round room on the 19th floor. They get a point for this.

Service - After all the hype of XIX, we (me and a group of friends) decided to try out the brunch menu. We made 1:15 reservations because we were told 1:30 was not available. Admittedly, the first to arrive was 5 minutes late but when we asked for our table, we didn't sit down until 1:50. I'm assuming even if we got there on time, there wasn't a table for us.

Then there was the table itself. As everyone else sat with a window view of the Philly skyline, we walked past a few empty tables for four and were stuck with one of the few tables that stared at the wall. I thought half the appeal of XIX was for the view. Also, the oval table shape that we sat at made eating awkward. It also happens that we sat at one of the few tables that had these tables. 

The server himself was fine. He did a great job until the check which took quite a while to get to us and one of us had to run out of the restaurant to catch her meter. 

Food - We got a little bit of everything: the flatbread, the pasta, the steak and the fish of the day. My favorite was the steak. It was cooked well with great flavor. The other dishes were also solid but nothing blew me away.

Drinks - Didn't drink

Overall - Average service, average food. The wait for the table despite reservations AND telling us we couldn't have the later time we originally wanted, all huge negatives.

Points for: Nothing
No points: Horrible service for what they try and sell you on.
So wow did I feel slightly under-dressed when we arrived at the top of the Bellevue...great décor, delicious food, and very hospitable wait staff.

Atmosphere: (A) Sometimes I'm in the mood for a fancy dining experience, and XIX provided just that.  Felt like I was dining in a modern yet traditional ballroom with these large dangling pearls hanging from the high dome ceilings.  Next time, I'm aiming for a balcony seat ;)

Food: (A) I ended up getting yellow tail sashimi for an appetizer - wow that stuff just melt in my mouth, flat iron steak for the main entrée - I admit, it looked small when they first brought it out, but it was plenty food, and this apple cake a la mode-ish type dessert - yummy!  As with most fancy restaurants, the presentation was nice and the food was really quite good.

Service: (A) Wow, I actually have no complaints about the service for once!  Hostesses, waitress from the bar, and the two gentlemen that waited our table were all very friendly, upbeat, and did their job the best way imaginable.  There's something about waiters (and bartenders as well) when they show personality and get into mini-conversations that are non-intrusive and provide just the perfect amount of interaction with a customer, it really impacts my overall feeling towards a restaurant... well assuming the food is decent as well ;)

Overall: (A)  I'll definitely be back... for a balcony seat... with nicer clothes.  Hah.
Was there any doubt that I would like this place?

I went here with a friend last Friday for a late night snack, and drinks. We entered the Bellevue, in which I hadn't set foot since senior prom, and took the elevator up to the 19th floor. From there, we rounded a couple corners, and found ourselves alone in a forest, being badgered by a satyr about the witch.

Just kidding. XIX is pretty damn cool, though. This place has got to be within the top 5 on my atmosphere list. From the bossa and latin jazz playing lightly in the background, to the view of the city, to the majestic look of the restaurant and the swankiness of the lounge, this place has got it all together. I think I saw Bruce Wayne in there. Or at least I imagined him to be there.

We were seated immediately, because at 10:30 on a Friday night, this place isn't jam-packed. Others might see this as a downside, but those people aren't me. So whatever, whatever.

The waiter came to our table and offered drinks. At his suggestion, I got a gin and ginger-iced tea. It was tasty, but next time I think I'll experiment by having them add a splash of soda. My friend asked for a suggestion from me, and because she was wearing a pretty dress, I obliged (ha!). We decided on a Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand. It turned out they only had about 3/4ths of a pour left and were out of that particular vintage, so they brought it out, and along with it another glass of a nicer wine on the house. Well done, XIX - how did you know we like free things?

For snacks, we got the flatbread pizza and mushroom risotto. Both were tasty, and pricey but not ridiculous.

If you wanna get dressed up to have a nice drink and a few snacks, XIX is your spot. 

And, if you want to do this all the time, your name is Vichet.

Pro-tip: Parking can be maddening around CC late at night, but most garages nearby have flat rates after 10 (something like 10 bucks til 3am or whatever). Look into it!
Decent food (the dessert was the best part), but HORRIBLE, TACKY service.  Absolutely classless.

Not only was my party of 5 forced to wait 30 minutes to be seated for our reservation, but the host/management wasn't the least bit apologetic.

Once finally seated, service at the table was unprofessional and practically nonexistant.  Our waiter looked about 19, his suit was clearly 3 sizes too big for him, and he described the monkfish as "poor man's lobster".  This kid should definitely never go into sales.  Other signs of terrible service: my iced tea was never refilled - not a single time!, we waited literally 30 minutes to place our order and another 30 minutes for our 1st course to arrive, the waiter forgot about our coffee order, the list goes on...

The kicker, though, was after all this horrible service, the waiter tries to claim that b/c our reservation was for 6 and we only had 5 people, they were going to charge us for the 6th person.  HONESTLY?!  And to bring it up while we're eating our appetizers?  Totally tacky.  

And if you think the waitstaff is terrible, wait until you see the managers.  The Park Hyatt should be embarrassed that a place like this occupies space in their hotel.
It's called XIX because it's located on the 19th floor of the Hyatt at the Bellevue.

It could just as easily be called XXX, because you *will* get laid if you bring a date here.  

Everything about XIX just oozes swankiness and sex appeal.  The soaring dome, huge windows, and gorgeous city views are all built to impress. 

I was introduced to XIX when I met a friend here for a weekday brunch.  After scoping out the impressively large buffet in the center of the room, we decided to keep things simple by ordering from the a la carte menu.

I had the caramelized onion and mushroom omelet, while my guest had the eggs benedict.  Both came with a side of crispy breakfast potatoes.  My omelet also came with cranberry toast and silky-smooth butter.

Everything was fresh and tasty, but also simple and traditional.  Both the omelet and eggs benedict could've benefited from more than a few dashes of hot sauce.  Service was fast and friendly, tinged with a formal and old-school vibe.

My advice is to go to XIX for the ambiance, and not to challenge your palette with bold flavors.  That'll guarantee you a good time (and almost certainly earn you some action between the sheets).
This is a review for the bar only.

If you're feeling fancy, want a change of scenery and a nice view - come during their happy hour (5 - 7pm) for half priced cocktails ($6 - the Lychee martini is delicioso) and secure yourself a spot at the bar or in one of the three half moon booths by the windows.  At sunset, it's lovely.

The space is swanky-cozy, with high ceilings and dark paneling. (during the winter they have the fireplace going in full swing, it's a nice touch!)  Waitstaff service tends to be spotty when they are busy - (I dig their elegant uniforms)  If you're lucky they might serve you complimentary wasabi peanuts - otherwise for eats, the bar food menu isn't impressive.  Skip the cheese and cured meats (blah) and have a go at their sliders (though expensive at $5 for each!)

3-stars are for the reasons I go:  cocktails, happy hour specials and an elegant space with a view.
We made reservations for Sunday brunch early in the week. The only available time was a 10:30 am seating. No problem! When we turned up for our seating we were shown to a table. THEN we were told there was no ala carte menu available AND we had only 20 minutes to eat from the dregs of the breakfast buffet. Seriously? Someone (manager?) came over to explain that despite the Open Table reservation, the restaurant couldn't honor it because they end breakfast at 11 and re-open at 11:30 for brunch. He was quick to say the restaurant left a voice mail message...the day before, explaining all of this. REALLY? Less than 24 hours notice! Why take the reservation in the first place? Why even bother seating us at 10:35 if you close at 11? Clearly this is a recurring issue given the quick, terse (and defensive) explanation. If this is typical for XIX, the service has taken a major dive since our last visit. Luckily we were able to get a noon reservation for Urban Farmer on the Ben Franklin Parkway where we had a lovely brunch with professional service.

Show less
[[Restaurant Week 2015]] 

Just left this beautiful place for restaurant week and I enjoyed every bit of my experience. 

The drink I had was amazing and only $6 bucks! (Happy Hour special 5-7). The muscles were my first course, very tasty, fresh and light. Same for the salmon, my second course. The potatoes were my favorite part of the main dish. The desert was just as phenomenal. Each of the proportions were just the right size. I truly can't put into words how outstanding this place is. The service, food, view, everything is wonderful. 

Perfect place for a date or a nice night on the town.
Try to get a seat outside!
I just got back from a lunch here and I sadly have to say, I was pretty underwhelmed. The decor is nice but a little stuffy, and the seating format was a bit odd. I spent my entire lunch staring at the host and hostess, kind of uncomfortable. 
It is a pre-fixe menu, so you get an assortment of salads and such, an entree, and an assortment of desserts for $20. I liked the idea of a buffet style setting for apps and desserts but for the most part, nothing was something to write home about. The exception would be a white chocolate parfait I had which was quite good. I ordered a portabella mushroom panini with pesto and broccolini. It ended up having very little mushroom at all, the bread was a bit burnt, and it wasn't seasoned well, if at all. Sad. 
I could get a much better panini, salad, and coffee from Naked Chocolate for $7. This place really wasn't worth it. 
Also, service was surprisingly terrible. After finishing our meal, we waited 20+ minutes for her to come by and then yet another 10 minutes for her to come back with our cards. 
Needless to say, you won't be finding me at XIX any time soon.
Heard about their fabulous lunch deal, and finally went a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday. Totally worth it and special enough for celebrations. 

XIX has a $19 cafe lunch, which includes a choice of entree and their buffet spread of cheese, salads, meats, and a large spread of desserts. The dining room was beautiful with nice views, the service was great, and the food was delicious. Made sure to save room for dessert, and I had a whole plate full to try. A few disappointed but for the most part I was a happy camper with my spread. 

Park in the Bellevue garage located right next to the Hyatt, and XIX will validate your parking ($6.50 for 3 hours).
How ironic on the same night, someone with the same first name, also a party of four makes a ressie for around the same time? Roy Lan, if you're reading this, yes this happened to us. You checked in just a taaad before us, under our name, and was given our table by the window, looking down into the city. Luckily, I was there with great company., so that sorta made up for it. 

While waiting to check in, my party and i found the area to smell of.. urine. Did anyone else notice that on Friday night? It kind of grossed us out since we saw people dining not too far from where we were waiting to be checked in. 

If this is your first time, like it was ours, locating the restaurant would be confusing. The Palm overlaps XIX's sign, so you can easily drive or walk past the place. But it is the same entrance as The Palm, only once get in, you'll take the elevator up to the 19th Floor. 

We went for restaurant week. For an additional $14, you can pair your dinner with two glasses of wine (you get to choose from 4-5 of their selections between red and white). Food came out relatively slow. There was a long gap between our appetizer and entree being served. So from the restaurant week menu, i ordered:

Grilled octopus - you get one tentacle. i was expecting octopus, not just the tentacle? It was ok. It tasted like it was overflowing with lime juice. I'm not sure, it was too sour for me to even taste any other possible flavor. 

Red Snapper -I've picked out at least 6 fish scales that was still on my snapper. Why?

Chocolate Mousse - Maybe because i'm a chocolate lover, this was the best part of the meal. The chocolate was heaven. 

I would probably be back to try their regular entrees but definitely no more Red Snapper for me.
This is one of my favorite happy hour spots! 

What a fabulous spot to enjoy $6 specialty drinks & complimentary wasabi peanuts from 5-7. If you want a window seat, I recommend showing up before 6. I've frequented this place on several occasions and received stellar service each time. 

I love their mixed drinks - they're always satisfying, flavorful and don't skimp on the booze. My favorite is the tart and powerful grapefruit martini. Another tasty concoction is the mango mojito made with fresh juice (not flavored syrup) and tons of fresh mint.
I can only give four stars because I, admittedly, came here during restaurant week and I feel like that isn't a great judge of a restaurant's normal operation/menu. Also, I didn't try any cheese which is normally the number one factor in me rating any restaurant because I won't go back if I don't like your cheese.

THAT SAID. Based on my first visit last week, XIX is worth every penny.

We came on a Friday night, just before Blizzard 2016 started. It was pretty empty but we think the impending snow scared a lot of people away. Their loss!

You enter through the Bellvue front steps, then take an elevator on the right up to floor 19. Once upstairs, there are windows to your left with a great view of the Ben Franklin Bridge, and there are also bathrooms. If you want to enter the restaurant, turn right when you get off the elevator. They had a long table there, so I'm not sure if there is normally someone at the elevator to greet you or not.

The hostesses were very personable and friendly. They suggested a seat off the window since we were looking for the view and we took the advice. They offered us coat check, which I always love. The hostess who took our coats noticed one of my gloves was missing and came back out so I was able to figure out where my boyfriend had put it in the heap of garments. Thought that was very observant and nice of her.

On the way back to our table, the hostess guided us through the restaurant, explaining all of the rooms (bar, two private rooms) as we went. Our server was equally helpful with the menu.

We ordered off the restaurant week menu and accepted the special of two glasses of the made-for-XIX wine for $14. Chardonnay was great! I had a salad, the red snapper, and the dessert trio. Boyfriend had a risotto, short rib, and dessert trio. We were really impressed with the food and thought the portions were perfect. I only had a few bites of snapper left, and would have finished it and skipped dessert if dessert wasn't included. Only thing I didn't like was one of the desserts - a chocolate raspberry mousse square - but it's just not my bag (really sweet), not because it was a bad dessert. The apple crisp and ice cream were amazing.

Overall, I would love to come back here around sunset in the summer time for a happy hour where I can sit at the recommended high top bar tables with a drink and some cheese. The fireplace in the bar also looked really inviting! If anyone knows what days/times are best (least crowded) in the bar area, please let me know!!
I'm frequently at the Hyatt. Food from XIX has tended to be quite average across the board. I don't like their salads or entrees very much, but their breakfast is decent. 

This last experience just had me shaking my head though. I ordered a grilled chicken burger. On my second bite into it, bit into something hard that hurt my teeth. Looked and there was the breast bone... When I asked if there was supposed to be a bone in it, they said yes it's a breast with one bone in it. That is such an incredibly bad idea to put a boned chicken breast into a burger with a bun on it - I'm lucky my teeth are in one piece (even though they still hurt).
I have wanted to try this restaurant for quite some time, and decided to bring my date to nice meal.

 Regardless that the layout was slightly confusing and hard to find the host/hostess, the decore was absolutely beautiful and the views were stunning.

 My date and I decided to split the artisian meat & cheese tasting. Sadly, the only thing memorable about this dish was the waitor telling us that he has had so many complaints about the one cheese since it was added to the menu (approximately a month ago). 

For the main course, I ordered the steak frites and my date ordered the paella. After waiting for quite some time, the waitor asked if we were ready for our entrees. When my steak was delivered by a food runner, it was cooked a little more than I had requested, but decided not to nit-pick. However, approximately ten minutes later, the waitor had returned to the table asking where my date's food was? 

The paella was never actualy made, and my date and I ended up splitting the overcooked steak. 

I was hoping to have fallen in love with this restaurant based on previous reviews. Sadly, I would much rather revisit other establishments than return to this.

After reviewing my bank account, I realized that the amount charged to my card was not the amount I authorized. Due to the poor service provided, only receiving one entree (when two were ordered), and my steak being over cooked, I left a tip that was slightly over ten percent (10%). Interestingly enough, this was disregarded and a twenty percent (20%) tip was added to the already overpriced bill. 

I called the restaurant the following Friday and left a voice message for the general manager (Adam, if I recall the name on the message correctly). I examined the situation and have yet to be contacted.
Usually at 11 AM I'm in the middle of my REM cycle, but when in Philadelphia and awake for brunch, I dine at XIX.  This prix fixe lunch is all you could ask for, and features a fabulous buffet of "things" for people who eat.  Since I don't, I just like to stare at the food and imagine what it would taste like in my mouth.

The first time I saw the sign for XIX outside the Bellevue on Walnut and South, I thought it was a help group for cross-eyed drunks with huge noses.  And since I was looking for a Jewish husband, the first word out of my mouth was "oh my God!"  When I got up to the 19th floor, sat down at a random table, and started to pour out my life story of drugs, booze, and my celebrity boxing tragedy against Judge Judy, I'd caused a whole table of 90-year old socialites to go into cardiac arrest.  And that is how I became the single-most mass murderer in American history.

My fave thing about XIX is that not only is the name in Roman, but the food is also Roman.  How do I know it's Roman?  Because one time in Milan I had a really bad trip, and found myself surrounded by towel-wearing men, manchego cheese, and cold cuts that looked surprisingly like the ones in the XIX buffet.  Or maybe that was just my last trip to the bath house.  I forget.  I can't keep track of my sex life any more than I can keep track of my social security number.  Hence why I'm always making up a new one every time AmEx cancels one of my cards.

If you're scared of heights, XIX is enclosed by walls and windows, and has the most fabulous views of the downtown.  The architects basically designed the view so you can't see any poor people, which is perfect for me.  Poor people make me lose my appetite.  I have a whole slideshow of street bums that I'll look at to control weight gain.  hEllO, it's like the new thing in dieting.

Competition for the brunch/lunch scene is fierce on Walnut Street, and if anyone knows anything about the word fiErcE, it's me.  XIX is high-end, sexy, and aside from being a wonderful lunch spot it's also a cute place for drinks and date nights.  Also, if your date is going less-than-perfect (i.e. he suggests you "split the bill"), you should know that there are no bathrooms on the same floor as XIX, which means you need to take the elevator; hint hint, hitting that Lobby button is far too easy after "excusing yourself" to the ladies room.

For a trendy lunch spot and some delish Roman food, try XIX.  And ladies/gay men: don't forget about the elevator.  This restaurant is totally designed for bailing on a bad date.  If I were you, I'd schedule a bad date just to experience the architectural bail-out masterpiece.  Speaking of which, I'm on EHarmony right now...

This has been a Review by Fulgencio
My husband and I used to love this place for brunch and drinks. But earlier this month, we had my family visiting from California so we decided to take them for a special brunch to celebrate our anniversary. It was a terrible experience; the food was extremely poor and the service was extremely extremely unpleasant.

Service/staff:
The hostess who is supposed to greet you when you enter ignored us for solid 10 minutes after which I decided to approach her and tell her that we have a reservation. we got there at 1:10 and our reservation was at 1:30 (So we were early). I told her we have a reservation and we're all here and she looks at me, gives me a super weird stare and says "Ok, I can see you guys. I will tell you when it's your reservation time". Honestly, if my parents were with me, I would've walked out. For close to $40 per person, you need to at least be polite and welcoming. Because isn't a portion of that high price "service"?
But we had their brunch a year ago (also on our anniversary) and had really liked it. So  to stay despite the rude behavior - big mistake. haha. 
Once we sat down, we didn't get water for a while. When we asked for three glasses of water without ice, there was like this pause and shocking look on the waitress' face (Like really? u want me to go back and get u water with no ice?). 

Food: 
Soggy. Flavorless. Definitely NOT worth the money. 
The second course, that you pick from the menu was okay. But everything else on the cafe table/buffet counter was of extremely poor quality. It is NOT what you would expect to eat at a $38 buffet. 
More than half the food trays ("the buffet") were empty. We repeatedly asked if they were going to refill (mind you, the brunch is supposed to not be over over an hour still...). We got NO verbal response from the people behind the counters. I am not sure why they were all in such a bad mood ! 

In addition to everything being empty, soggy and unappetizing; the service was so rude! 

The view was incredible, very beautiful ... 

but I am saddened to say we won't be returning. For a total bill of close to $300 (for 5 people), I expected respectable service. You don't have to be overly friendly with me, but don't be rude ! This place used to be good, but it has lost its quality of food and service - big time !
Gorgeous.  Beautiful.
Cocktails are okay, but hey,
You're here for the view.
Love love love weekend brunch here. For $38 per person, you get access to a full appetizer buffet with oysters and shrimp cocktail, a main course and a dessert buffet. The restaurant space is beautiful, open and peaceful. The lady who showed us our table was a bit rude and didn't seem to know what she was doing. However, our server was absolutely a darling and was super nice and knowledgeable about the buffet items. The first-course buffet had a great selection of salads, meats (smoked salmon, salami, and prosciutto), two types of cheeses (brie and aged white cheddar) and access to an oyster and shrimp bar with assorted dips. 

I ordered the Crab Cake Benedict for my main course and it was amazing. The poached eggs were super smooth and the potatoes were garlicky and crispy. The crab and brioche paired super well too. My stomach had no more room for dessert but would highly recommend coming here for weekend brunch.
OK, here's my long awaited review of Nineteen (I'm not gonna call it XIX, just 19 is fine for me.).

Even though my "special" birthday was almost a whole month ago, a very kind & generous girlfriend gifted me dinner at 19 tonight.

Chuck, our server was fabulous - I want to make that clear- as I am about to say some critical things about the service.

Here's how things shook down...

I arrived for our 6 PM reservation early - at about 5:45.  Since it was a lovely evening, I decided to have a drink on the terrace, and selected a table out in the open air.  I put down my water bottle and asked the (very pregnant) hostess where the ladies room is.  She explained that I needed to go down 1 flight on the elevator.  Great.  Fine.  

When I get back there is some guy sitting at "my" table and my water bottle is gone.

So I move to another outdoor table - and the host (not the hostess) brings me a bottle of water (huge 27 oz. bottle of fancy-schmancy water from Norway - which - by the way - was damned tasty water.) to replace it.  I order a virgin Mexican Mojito - which was perfect, by the by, - a refreshing libation of club soda, fresh lime juice and basil-infused (you really could smell it) simple syrup.  Limeaid with a twist.  FAB-U!

So I drink my mocktail and quite happily sit and chill until way, way past 6 PM.  At 6:15 or so I call my g.f. - guess what???  She's seated in the dining room and has been there for half an hour.  Nobody came to get me.  Nobody told her I was there.  No nothin'.

So I ask to move to the table, and we chat and order.

Decor:  5 stars.  The dining room with it's pussy willow & pearl theme and MARVELOUS rotunda is so breathtaking. 

Service: 2 (Chuck gets a 4 or 5 - he was great), everyone else was snotty and/or pre-occupied).  VERY SNOTTY.

Food - varies - 3-4 - here's why:

We started with salads.  I splurged and ordered the lump crabmeat salad which was truly delicious and lightly dressed in an orange-champagne vinaigrette.   The tomatoes were red, ripe and actually tasted like tomatoes.  The small chunks of avocado were smooth and buttery.  The bibb lettuce was right on!  For $15 bucks (whoa-momma!( that was my kinda salad.  For $15 bucks you could put a little more crab - though I must say the crab that was there was sweet and PURE lumbo lump meat.  Nary a shell!

We both had the(only vegetarian) tagliatelle entree.  The pasta was hand-crimped, and light and luscious.  It was bathed in a lemony (very sharp, but I got used to it) buttery sauce and LOADED with various hoity-toity mushrooms including morels, hen-of-the-woods, oyster and others.  If you don't like shrooms - do NOT order this.  Quite frankly I was mushroomed-out by the end of it and left (no joke!) over 1/2 cup of these precious morsels - I ate all the morels - plate side).  I also chased down all of the succulent beans (small fava - large lima - something else??)  and fresh sp[ring peas.  Oh - and there were ramps and FIDDLEHEADS.  A nice spring dish.  High-end veg for sure. But quite alot of mushrooms.

For dessert had a kickin' strong cup of Illy cappucino.  Good - but somehow not as good as the cap at Davio's.  A bit bitter.  Wesplit ahome-made waffle with nutella & berry compote.  The waffle itself was great.  I would have preferred less "glop" on top of it,but my friend preferred the sauces to the waffle. She digs nutella.  Oh - and they put a little green candle in the scoop of (homemade??) vanilla ice cream on top of the waffle.

Thankfully nobody sang!
 
Since someone else paid, It was a 4 star time, but honestly?  Forthe money there are much. much better places to eat - and drink - not only in Philly - but in Philly high-end hotels.

That said - the private dining room is nice- and I would definitely do a business lunch or dinner here.

But for my own life?  I doubt if I'd run back here.
It had been years since I'd been here but everything was exactly as I remembered. Balcony with a great view of the city, amazing food, extensive cocktail list, and the same funky acoustics in the large round dining room you enter as you get off the elevator. Brunch reservations had been made to celebrate some friends' recent nuptials so XIX seemed like an appropriate place to host that. We were originally supposed to have one of their private rooms but unfortunately it was not ready for us so we were sat at two separate but adjacent tables. They took 20% off the bill due to their mistake. 

There was a fixed menu that allowed for access to three different salads, a soup (that day was a spinach and tomato soup that was off the charts!), and an assortment of cheeses and charcuterie. I ordered right and got the roasted duck breast with leeks, roasted stone fruit, and pickled mustard seeds. (Quick, short rant here about those mustard seeds: bruh, why? Get rid of it. Someone was just in the kitchen pickling things to be pickling things, lol. Ok done.) Loved the dish nonetheless. Dessert was pretty decent. You could help yourself to fresh berries, fresh whipped cream, and an assortment of cookies, cannolis, and cupcakes. 

My only gripe was that...listen, XIX is not an inexpensive place and there's definitely a privileged "air" to the place. Nevertheless, to be regarded as an upscale restaurant with upscale restaurant prices, I expect upscale service. I shouldn't have to ask for dirty plates to be taken away nor should I have to ask for the appropriate silverware for certain dishes. And if you're going to serve super crusty bread then I need the bread crumbs to be swept from the table with that metal pen thing before the entrees arrive. See, I'm fancy ;-)
This is a bar review only. 3 and a1/2 stars.

Went there for a few drinks on Saturday night. Has sort of a speakeasy fancy feel to it. Views were pretty good as one would expect. Seemed to be an eclectic crowd there. Few guys in suits, few losers - sorry, hipsters and some housewives of whatever county. Seemed like a pretty nice place place to relax though. Lighting was low and they had some nice chairs to sit in. It would be a nice place to "hide" if you wanted to get off the main strip for a bit. I didn't really like that I had to go down a floor to use the bathroom though.

Bottom line; Very nice bar but doesn't seem "practical" to really go there more than once or twice a year. Nice bar to impress a first date.
The decor and  view from this restaurant is absolutely gorgeous... A definite hot spot for a romantic dinner.

Food was cooked to perfection, service was exceptional - very courteous and prompt. I'll definitely be coming back!
I made a reservation on Saturday (11/01/2014) and my experience was awful and to be quite honest, disappointing for this kind of establishment. I've experienced better service at a food truck. 

I was celebrating a special night, only to have it ruined by the lack of service. We were seated by smiling hostess (hence why I'm giving this two stars, rather than one) but when we were given menus, it took 20 minutes for our DRINKS to be brought to us. 20 MINUTES for drinks? Are you kidding me? I've worked in the service industry, for a shiraz and a dogfish beer, it shouldn't of taken that long. My friend and I were being patient, only to be ignored and not even checked up on by our server. He went to every other table around us, even next to us -- but god forbid checking up on us. We were a party of two, how hard could that be? 

It was a forty five minute wait all together for two dishes. Being the generous person I am, rather than not tipping; I still did. 

The night was ruined and left a foul taste in my mouth, so thank you so much XIX.
I once had a conversation with a friend that went along the lines of the following:  Me:  Wow that woman over there is stunningly beautiful, Friend: Yes she is, but know this, somewhere in the world, someone is absolutely sick of her B.S.

This conversation basically sums up my feelings and experiences of this restaurant.  I actually went to great lengths to complain to the management about how bad of an experience my party had at this place.  I was sent a nice gift certificate for the entire cost of the meal etc.  Here's the kicker...I still haven't used it.  What does that tell you? Enjoy the view, enjoy a drink which is hard to screw up,...other than that don't bother.
Fantastic Sunday brunch with a buffet and entree, along with dessert.  We came to celebrate a friend's birthday, and our server brought her a small cupcake and chocolate-covered strawberry plate, as well.  The ambiance is beautiful and it's a great location for a date or a catch-up brunch with friends.  

Some highlights from the $35 brunch:

1. Crabcake benedict: Fantastic crabcake with plenty of lump crabmeat and perfectly cooked poached eggs.  Definitely my favorite entree on the menu.
2. Barramundi with couscous: Decent but not as amazing as the crabcake.
3. Salad Bar:
     a. Shrimp cocktail: Huge and perfectly seasoned shrimp.  Definitely recommend.
     b.Charcuterie and cheese boards: Great serrano ham and brie.
     c. Mussels in garlic white wine sauce: Tender but tiny although the broth was very  flavorful
     d. Smoked salmon: Tender and flavorful.  Pair it with the cream cheese.
7. Dessert table: Try the bread pudding, chocolate chip cookie cake, tiramisu cup, fruit tart, and mini banana nut muffins

A tip: save room for dessert!  A great brunch option in Center City, for sure.  If you only want the salad and dessert buffets, it is $25.
We splurged and ordered lots of appetizers instead of main courses, so we could try a bunch of different dishes without a lot of commitment. The meat and cheese tray was decent, but not $28 worth. The crab cocktail was killer - highly recommended. The shrimp cocktail, good, but overpriced. The xix salad with crab cake? Skip it. Calamari? Rubbery. Caesar salad? Good, but overpriced. The bill was close to $150 for two adults and a child, which is ok. We had great seats though, by one of the double doors to one balcony - the weather was perfect and the decor was a tad outdated but still swanky. Our waiter was really self-confident which a lot of people like, but I'm not one of them. I prefer my waitstaff to be attentive, respectful, and more about US and less about them. Or how awesome they are. Or what kinds of things they like. 

A little pet peeve. Our son dropped his fork on the floor in front of our waiter. He walked away. My son picked up the fork and said 5 second rule: mommy overruled and instead called the waiter back over and asked for a clean fork. It came almost begrudgingly. Little doth he know that the little one plays piano when he hits The Prime Rib in Baltimore, popping escargot like skittles. He is just as worthy of a clean fork as the next customer. Our son is quiet, mannerly, respectful, and does not make demands like a little Napoleon. Get the damned fork. 

It's a mixed bag. If I went back, it would be for the same table, but a different waiter and I would know what to steer away from in terms of menu.
Loved it. 

This is how restaurant week is supposed to feel. Like you're really dining there and paying the big bucks.

Went here with 8 friends for a birthday lunch. Great food (loved the steak). GREAT view. Great wine and champagne. Even a 3 candled cupcake serenade! 

Definitely want to go back for dinner. View at night must be awesome.
Came here for a birthday dinner and had a private dining area. The restaurant, although very dark, is very nice and clean. A good place for a romantic dinner. 

Service : 5/5 - waiters/waitresses were on point. They answered every question we had about the menu and also helped us plug in out iPhone for some music, so we had some nice 2 Chainz (who?!) music at an elegant place.
Food : 2/5 - I originally wanted the scallops, but it was the hit for the night, so they were out of scallops. I then opted for their catch of the day, a whole fish (trout I think). Texture was good. Taste was bland. Didn't finish it and had my "date" of the night pick off my plate. I picked off his and cheated on my vegan diet. He had steak and it wasn't too bad, however, for it's price tag, I would assume it would blow me away, but it didn't. It tasted like simple salt and pepper on a t-bone. 
Drinks : 5/5 - we got a couple of bottles of wine and they were great wines! I sipped some cocktails and they were yummy, but I am not a fan of cocktails =D . 

Overall : this place is nice to at least try once. Awesome view. Nothing that wowed me enough to come back.
this is a review purely for center city sips.

the bar area is efficiently set up on wednesdays so that there's a table to order any of the food specials from, and another minibar to order the drink specials from. you pay upfront, so you don't have to worry about asking for the check later and dealing with slow service. you can order multiple drinks/food at a time, or you can choose to get back in line everytime you want more of either.

if you're paying by credit, you can keep a tab open at the minibar. normally when i close out a tab, i tip out of habit and this was no different. but i realized as an afterthought that everyone who paid for their drinks upfront in cash didn't tip at all. hmm, does this mean i unknowingly just threw away money?

drink specials- i don't care for beer or red wine, so can't comment. didn't enjoy the house white wine, too bitter for my tastes. the mixed drinks were just ok- the pomegranate margarita was too sweet and not nearly strong enough. and the sweet tea vodka tasted exactly like watered down sweet tea. in order to achieve some sort of buzz, i had to mix all my alcohol types on an empty stomach. too much effort in my opinion.

food specials- i think $3 is kind of much for a single shrimp cocktail or oyster on the half shell, but the bbq pork sliders were fabulous. if i weren't trying to get a buzz, i would've gladly eaten three of those.

it is damn hard to find seating during cc sips, but if you just loiter around in the bar area long enough, a loveseat or table should open up. while you're standing around, take in the gorgeous views from either of two balconies. xix is located on the 19th floor of the bellevue, and you get great views of cc and the delaware river+jersey on a clear day. you've heard all about the amazing architecture of this place by now, so no need to dwell on the interior decoration.

one note on whoever engineered the layout of this place. it's kinda ridiculous to take one elevator up from the lobby straight to the 19th floor, and to have to take another set of elevators once in the restaurant to go down to the 18th floor to use the restrooms (or to get to floors 13-18 for that matter).
I really wanted to give this place 3.5 but I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  The food is not all that spectacular but something about tha waspy atmosphere does it for me sometimes.  High ceilings, chandeliers, the lounge area, the gimlets I had.  

Service was a 4, food was a 3.5 ambience 5, price was 4

ps..good romantic place to go
I went to XIX Nineteen for restaurant week with a couple of friends. It was a great occasion to get dressed up and the food was delicious but the service threw us off. When we were giving the waiter our order, the waiter told me not to order what I was going to order and told me to order something else instead. When I asked for the Paella without the Chorizo (I don't eat pork), he said it would cost me $10 extra. I understand that he was trying to make a joke but it didn't come across too well. 

I eventually went with the Crab and Spinach Crostini to start with, the Paella for the main course and the Flourless Chocolate Cake for dessert. The food was very high quality. However, the service between each meal was extremely slow and our meal took a total of 2.5 hours! The place wasn't even crowded enough to warrant that kind of slow service. 

The place is beautiful and the view is stunning.We went outside on the balcony to take pictures which was also really nice.
Fine dining without draining your bank account - that is the XIX experience.

What was once Founders at the Bellevue Stratford Hotel - which was the place where red velvet curtains and stuffy chairs went to die - XIX has been transformed into a clean, soothing dining room overlooking the Avenue of the Arts from its 19th floor location within the Park Hyatt Philadelphia at the Bellevue.

Now, dining in the main room can still be quite expensive - but I've an offer that will make it well worth the trip to the 19th floor!

BTW - to get to XIX, enter the main lobby of the Bellevue and walk past the main bank of elevators - to the left of the security desk and you'll find two elevators to your left. These place you within XIX when they open onto the 19th floor. Once you get the lay of the land, then you can just take the main bank of elevators to the 19th floor and navigate yourself to XIX.

When you first enter XIX from the elevator, you are in a grand rotunda; complete with comfortable seating as well as a quaint outdoor balcony that offers a wonderful view of the city, south. This is the XIX Cafe. Then, to the right of this rotunda you'll find a hall that connects you to the OTHER rotunda, which is their main dining room. However, within the hallway is one of the best hideaway bars in the city; complete with leather chairs and a fireplace during the winter season! A great night-cap location after a night of theatre.

The XIX Cafe is where you can partake in the Cafe Dinner menu - for $30 per person you get access to what I think is the 2nd best salad bar in the city (the first being Fogo de Chao). The salad bar offers a mix of greens, vegetables and several pasta dishes - along with meats and cheeses and fresh breads. You also get to select one of five entrees from the menu; including a daily fish dish, a wonderful flatbread pizza and a mouthwatering steak entree.

Once you're finished your entree, you head to their dessert table - all that is needed is a chair so you never have to leave! From fresh-baked brownies, to parfaits to mini-cheesecakes - you will easily channel your favorite child character from Willie Wonka as you dive into the dessert displays. Just be grateful you don't have to walk down 19 flights of stairs afterwards!

**I originally submitted this review to http://phillygrub.ning.com in spring 2008**
This is where James Bond would meet up with a lovely lady to get a drink(and later be trapped because she is working for the villain anyways).

It has a great view and great ambiance at a price you'd expect. It isn't ideal for Sips or happy hour events because it gets too packed. It is a solid choice for late night after the large crowds have moved on.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Casino Royale(the Daniel Craig one)
Had drinks with a group of eight on a Saturday night. Service was a little slow. They were out of a handful of items that we ordered. View from the bar is good, but you sort of need to sneak out to one of the two dining rooms to get the great views.

Overall, good little spot to preparty but not worth it to be the main event of the evening.
My third visit to this beautiful 19th story elegant restaurant with fabulous views of the city. I would have given the first two visits 5 stars but today's only 2. So disappointed as I brought my mother -in-law from out of town and wanted to impress. Important advice: call ahead and ask if they are having the lunch buffet. If not, it's not worth it. The lunch buffet is a steal: includes an entree and unlimited trips to a really wonderful salad buffet and desserts and includes coffee/tea. During Restaurant Week this was $20! 

Today the buffet was absent. The hostess explained that during the summer when people are "at the shore", there's not enough clientele to justify all that food, which is legit. I hate wasting food, too. So we ordered from the regular menu. The service was very slow considering the simplicity of our order. I had a very nice large green goddess salad and baked oysters in their shells in sherry and crumbs. Very good but served with a regular dinner fork. I requested an oyster fork but they didn't have them. I know it sounds snobbish but if you're going to serve shellfish, you need the correct tools. My husband and MIL ordered a fancy club sandwich with fries. The fries and toast were cold, like the plate had been sitting out a long time. We requested fresh fries. They turkey was deli turkey, not real roasted. It was OK but not worth $18. 

In total our meal was $81 + tip including 3 iced teas. Pretty steep for an average lunch. 

In short, make sure the buffet is open. And you get the best deal during Restaurant Week.
XIX had been on my short list of "special occasion" restaurants to try for some time.  I made it the venue for a Saturday night birthday dinner with my husband, and had a truly wonderful evening.

     I'll start with a brief summary, and flesh out the details below.  XIX provided a beautiful, outdoor setting with a view of the south and east Philly skylines elevated above all bus fumes and street noise.  The cocktail and wine list was brief, but appealing.  All of our food was excellent.  The service was good, but a little disjointed, and the restaurant had a touch of that awkward je ne sais quoi that comes with almost all hotel eateries.  However, I would happily return.

Atmosphere:
     Upon arrival, there were no tables available on the main patio, which was frustrating since we had made a request with our reservation a week prior.  It turned out to be a happy accident, as we were seated on the lounge patio with only one other couple.  The view was our reason for being there, and it did not disappoint.  That being said, some music and candles would have been nice.

Drinks:
     I started with a delightful limoncello cocktail, while my husband went with the gin tea that a previous reviewer had likened to cough medicine.  I agree with the previous reviewer, but husband seemed happy about it.  We moved on to wine, of which there was a "by the glass" selection of many red and white varietals.  The bottle list had some fine choices, but was almost exclusively high-end and high-priced.

Food:
     Husband started with the Caesar salad and enjoyed the delicious but very standard (read - boring) execution of the dish.  I had the avocado soup with crab, roasted corn, tomatoes and mango.  It was non-standard in a wonderful way, and presented entertainingly with the soup being poured tableside over the other ingredients that had been artfully arranged in the bowl.  
     For my entree, I had the beef tenderloin in a red wine reduction with new potatoes and marrow cubes, prepared perfectly medium rare.  It was a sublime steak with an herb coating that would have been too salty had it not been so perfectly balanced by the sweet tang of the reduction.  My plate was CLEAN when the waiter took it away.  My husband enjoyed his steak frites, which were accompanied by a yummy tarragon aioli that I would not have expected with that dish.  The steak was cooked as requested and the frites were many levels above your average fry.
     Since we couldn't decide on a dessert to share, we just had to order two. The deconstructed S'more with salted caramel ice cream was the favorite - fun presentation, chocolate ganache sculpture, flambeed hazelnut marshmallows!  So good.  The grilled peaches with lavender ice cream were fine, but kind of paled by comparison.

Miscellaneous imperfections:
     A lack of clear signage made it a little confusing to determine which elevator we were supposed to take to get to the restaurant.  The service was fine, but it was a little disjointed.  Four different people had been by our table throughout the evening, but then there would be these long stretches of time that we needed something, but saw no one.  Our waiter noticed I was playing music from Pandora on my phone, but did not ask if we would like to have proper music on (there were speakers out there).  I was surprised that there were no specials or additions to the dinner menu on a Saturday night.  None of these issues were deal breakers, but they combined to prevent XIX from receiving 5 stars.
Took a date here and was extremely disappointed with the entire experience. Room looks very nice at first but certain areas are in much need of cleaning and or paint. 

First round of food we ordered was cheese and meat board. This was the only item that I was no disappointed in. Very nice spread with multiple cheeses and meats.

From this point everything went completely downhill. From the moment we ordered our entrees, it took about an hour and 45 min until we received the entrees or saw our waitress again. 

I ordered the ravioli which was cold and consisted of about 3 raviolis, and my date ordered the steak frites. Her dish looked like they threw it together at the last second, steak was average at best. 

Service was horrible. When I was finally able to get the check I couldn't even get someone to take it from me when I was ready to pay!

Avoid this place at all costs. Extremely over priced, terrible service.
The journey to the experience that is Nineteen starts in the lobby as you step into the mirrored elevators that whisk you far above the streets of Philadelphia. Stepping out, you follow the signs around to the hotel check in? Indeed it is. Proceed past the check in desk and into the Café. Keep going. You're not here for coffee, you're here for dinner.

Normally you will be greeted by a hostess at the main entrance to the bar and formal dining room. We didn't see anyone helpful so we kept walking. The bar is obvious, strikingly beautiful, and gets very crowded. We walked passed it as no one had yet greeted us and ended up in the main dining room. Realizing we should be accompanied to this place we turned and headed back to the bar and inquired of the very harried bartender about how to check in. He sent us back out a bit to the right where the hostess had mystically appeared. We checked in and headed back to the bar, this experience an unfortunate foreshadow of service yet to come.

At the bar we ordered our drinks and waited. We waited longer, and finally they arrived. Now lest you think I'm getting my critic panties in a knot, consider the following. The bar seats all of 20 people and we were two of six. This is a FINE DINING ESTABLISHMENT. Finally, it was only 5pm and if this guy couldn't keep things together at 5, what would 7 look like.

Well, 7 only got better for us as it turned out BMK knew the highly respected pastry chef. Once word got out that BMK was in da house service went right up to where it should have been all along. Slightly annoyed now that it wasn't I that was recognized I sampled their Oyster shooter (good at happy hour price, too expensive otherwise). The first culinary delight of the evening was the cheese plate. We selected five cheeses which were paired with various fruit preparations such as hot pepper jam, cherry butter, a chutney, and other delicious offerings that had I had my notepad I would type them here. Best cheese plate in Philly, period.

Whatever else we had was not memorable, so it was good enough to not make me want to complain about it but not good enough that it stuck out in my mind afterwards. 

We were seated at the very edge of the beginning of sunset. We were given an 'inside seat' as apparently clout with the pastry chef is not clout enough to get window seating. The room is all white linen, gold leaf and gold paint, and of course, oversize dangling pearls. My heart was happy to see several blue haired ladies with white gloves looking scandalized that BMK was being greeted by various diners he had worked on previously. Its good to see people still get scandalized over something in Philly.

But I was raised to be polite, so I smiled and sat down to review the menu. As I reviewed the wine list I realized that even I was going to be out of my league. Literally hundreds of bottles of wine graced the pages of the wine list with a range of prices as wide as the selection of wine itself. Being a wizened diner, I knew exactly what to do. I confirmed w/BMK what he would be having and we summoned the sommelier.

Surprisingly I've found a few of you out there don't know what a sommelier is. For more on what a sommelier is, go here.  The short version is that they are the on staff wine expert. 

The sommelier at Nineteen was wonderful. He recommended a wonderful chardonnay to go with our appetizers (a seafood plate), two lovely red wines for the main course (lamb) (two as BMK and I like different styles of red) and an incredible dessert wine. Nothing was inordinately priced. 

Back to food. We ordered the seafood plate supplemented with the chilled lobster. I selected three varieties of oyster including my all time favorites Raspberry points. The plate was definitely impressive when served, with a double decker presentation staked high on our tiny table. The oysters came with the standard mignonette, cocktail sauce, and a capered mayo. What they didn't come with was their brine, which was definitely disappointing.

What was really disappointing was the chilled lobster. This poor creature was all of about six ounces. For $35, yes THIRTY FIVE DOLLARS, we were expecting something a bit plump, instead, we received the Mary Kay Olsen of lobsters. I should have ordered a jumbo shrimp and been done. I'll never order the chilled lobster again, ever. It's one thing to pay high price for an experience, it's another to be flat out gouged.

Rant aside, we enjoyed the lamb immensely as it was perfectly cooked, lightly sauced, and served with a wonderful side comparable to the inside of a samosa.
XIX was dangerously close to a one-star review, but I have to acknowledge the fact that it is a really, really pretty restaurant. The view is spectacular - and you can be seated on the balcony and have a great view of the city. The view inside is also great - super-high ceilings, beautiful architecture. The tables are spacious and comfortable. Ambiance is the best thing XIX has going for it. 

Unfortunately, that was the only thing XIX had going for them. The hostess seemed distracted when we arrived - she greeted us, but then turned her back to us to tap on the touch-screen seating chart while speaking to someone on the phone. It was an awkward set-up - it probably wouldn't have been weird if like a traditional hostess stand the screen did not face the entrance, but it seems like any way you come into the restaurant you're going to be walking up behind the hostess. Our server asked if we were ready to order about 3 minutes after we sat down, but after that disappeared for unconscionable amounts of time. I was considering timing how long my water glass stood empty. 

Food was a disappointment. The bread was good, but was brought out 30 seconds before the first course arrived at the table. My dish, a risotto served in a cast-iron dish, was passed to me over the head of one of my dining companions. I was dumbfounded - I expect this somewhere like Friendly's, but anywhere I'm paying more than $10 for my dinner my waiter can come put my plate in front of me rather than awkwardly reaching over the table with a hot, heavy dish. The risotto was OK and had a nice amount of lobster, but wasn't particularly memorable. The crab cake and corn soup were some of the highlights of the meal. For my second course I ordered the steak. It was blah - it was cooked fine, but had no seasoning and the quinoa it was served with also had no flavor. There was a vegetable with it, it might have been a carrot. I couldn't tell you what my dining companions ate, nobody liked their food enough to suggest that the others have a taste. 

Desserts were almost great - I loved the flavor of the sticky toffee pudding, but wish the cake had been a little more moist. The vanilla cream it was served with was phenomenal. The ice cream that came with it was delicious, but one of my friends ordered the same dessert and got nothing but melted ice cream with hers. Sad. Two of my dining companions ordered the pound cake and were very happy with it, but it only arrived after quite a lot of confusion - one had ordered cheesecake, which we were later informed they did not have. She ordered another dessert, but was brought a different one - in fact, most people at the table started off with a dessert other than the one they ordered. Eventually we sorted it out, and I will say our waiter handled the problem very quickly and efficiently. (This was *not* the same waiter who pounced on us for our orders just after we sat down then abandoned us for most of our evening.)

By midway through the meal I was regretting the decision to waste one of my Restaurant Week excursions on this place. I think it would be a lovely place to come for drinks, but absolutely will not be back for the food. The icing on top of the cakewreck that was our dinner was when the emergency alarm - complete with strobe lights and a calm voice telling us not to enter the fire stairwells or elevators - went off for around 15 minutes at the end of our meal. After a few minutes our waiter stopped by to tell us that everything was probably fine, but we were never told whether there was an actual emergency or what we should do. Eventually the sirens just stopped, and after a long wait for the elevators to be put back into service we finally got to leave. At that point I could recognize the humor in the situation, and saw it as the perfect end to a very imperfect meal.
I stay at the Hyatt all week, every week b/c I am a fancy-pants traveling consultant (not) and because I'm Diamond-Priority-Super-Star status with Hyatt, I get free breakfast at XIX.

I like the ham/egg/cheese panini sandwich with dijon mustard.  I like the french toast with bacon.  I like the gruyere/onion/zucchini frittata (without the onion and zucchini LOL).  

The servers know me by name, they know I like cappuccino, not coffee, and they can tell by the look on my face in the morning if I'm going to sit and eat or if I need a to-go box for my croissant and bacon.  Four stars.
This is possibly one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever been through, and I seriously recommend not visiting this restaurant. I have never written a yelp review before but I've got to warn others before coming here. 

We were seated in an echo chamber of a room with a large noisy party, which we complained to the waiter about multiple times. She never once notified other wait staff or kindly approached the party.

Our appetizers took 1.5 hours to come. 1.5 hours. While waiting, we were served cold, undercooked Brussel sprouts and our prosecco glasses were refilled. Our waiter blamed it on the kitchen staff, and the manager blamed it on the waiter. When confronted, the waiter again blamed the kitchen. Talk about immature. 

When the appetizers finally came, the food was good. The entrees...not so much. The chicken entree was spicy and boring and there was NO warning on the menu that it was peppered. When my grandma sent it back, they removed the peppered skin, boiled it, and put it atop a squash purée(?). It was inedible. My sister had flavorless salmon with a side of gross coconut milk mush. Basically baby food. Thank god the prosecco was flowing. 

The desserts were actually pretty good! That's why I gave it 1 star.
I'd imagine this would be a pretty cool place in its hay day of 1994, when cosmos and Sex and the City was the symbol of elitism. But taste have changed and so should this place. The arched windows, high ceilings, and overall architecture are pretty cool, but the food and drinks are really nothing special for what you pay. (Disclaimer:  I'm not one of those people that gripes about anything over $6 as overpriced. Believe me, I'll pay for good food.)

The best part about XIX is the view of Walnut and Broad Street where you can look at all the other restaurants you should have gone to. 

**As a side note, the last time I was here it wreaked of kitty litter. I really don't know what the awful smell was but it was horrid. The only thing I could think of was that maybe they had their carpets shampooed?
This is a review for the bar only. I went for happy hour with some friends and liked it a lot. The bar area is not big, but it's beautifully decorated and makes you feel expensive and fancy. We were lucky enough to get a table by the window (one of 6 little tables that sits about 4... we were 5, but that did not matter much). We ordered cocktails at the bar (regular price is $12, but during happy hr they are $6). I had a Lychee Kiss that tasted like heaven, and a Rubytini that was a little too strong for me, but good as well. My friends also had an Appletini (way too strong), Blueberry Gimlet (really yum), and some Irish Coffee drink that they loved. Really, the Lychee Kiss was the star of the night! We also ordered fries with special spicy mustard and devoured them.

The crowd was a little bit older than us (in their 30 probably) but we had a great, great time.
4.5 stars 

I went with my friend after receiving a $100 gift certificate to the restaurant. We decided to go on a Tuesday night, which was an interesting choice. On one hand it was nice and quiet and we had our choice of table, on the other hand it was EMPTY. No big deal though, because we sat outside on the balcony and the view was so incredible! My only regret is that I wasn't on a hot date (no offense Rachel!). Some heaters outside would also have made the balcony more enjoyable. 

The food was incredible. We both had salads, and my crab salad alone would have made enough for a dinner! The wine was paired very well, and the rolls were better than at most places. For dinner I had the fish stew which was very flavor-able and had a generous portion of lobster in it, which I definitely approved of! 

I hesitate from giving this place 5 stars because a) I wasn't digging the empty ambiance, and b) our waiter, while nice, was awkward and raggedy looking. His coat was all frayed etc. For the amount they charge for a dinner, you think they could get their waiter a coat! 

I'll be back! I definitely want to check out their happy hour, as all of the other reviewers have said such great things about it!
OK guys listen up- do you like happy hour? Do you like to leave happy hour with an extreme buzz? Then, you need to come to XIX. Maybe you think I am crazy, Lauren, you're crazy, XIX is so high class, I can't go there for happy hour in my flannel and vans! Yes!!! Yes you can!! And I promise you, you will keep going back. During the most anticipated hours of the day (5-7) XIX does $6 fall on your face, chocked-full-of alcohol spirits. You can show up in anything  and you won't be looked at funny. The lounge itself is dark, woody and inviting, and during the winter they have the fire going. OH yeah- sit by the windows if you can. The views are spectacular. Last Monday, we caught the tail-end of happy hour, and the tail-end of the sunset. Magical.

Why not 5 stars? Because when it is not happy hour, the prices are ridiculous and the food is not that memorable. If you don't like throwing money away, just come for the drinks like we talked about. Good talk.
The WORST dining experience ever. Actually, there was no dining. Is there a ZERO STARS?!?!?

Wife and I went to (attempt) dinner here per-show. Showed up at 6:24pm. Initially seated at a table where the sun was directly in my wife's eyes and with a mirror behind her, in my eyes as well. After sitting there for 5 minutes, we stood up, found a hostess and carried our own water glasses to the next table. The hostess did nothing to help the transfer at all. 

We then sat at our new table for 20 minutes with NO ONE coming over to talk to us, fill our now empty water glasses or give us bread. NOTHING. Well, that's not completely true. At 6:40, the hostess that "pointed" at our new table came over to our table with tuna tar-tar and a crab cake and started to serve us. We had not ordered or even talked to a server yet. She left, went back to the kitchen, came back out and tried to serve that same food to another table - wrong table again. She went back the to the kitchen and returned a third time. This time it was the right table. 

At 6:50, twenty-five minutes into our "dinner", the waitress came over and mumbled something about "thanks for being patient" and "my manager will take care of you". I was not patient at this point - just take out order. We order a bottle of Champagne, two salads, and to appetizers. Nothing challenging. Eight minutes later, and yes, I was completely keeping track at this point, our Champagne showed up and was poured. Bread was also placed on the table - 33 minutes into our experience. 

We decided that to make the show, we were leaving at 7:15. 
7:00pm passed. Nothing. 
7:10pm passed. Nothing 
At 7:14pm, my wife put on her shaw and at 7:15, we stood up, I dropped the money (plus tax) for the Champagne on the table, and we left. 

No food we ordered every showed up. Nothing. No salads. No appetizers. Nothing. We were there for 50 minutes total. 

The waitress talked to us twice, in total. No manager every came over to talk to us. To comment on the delay. To make an excuse. To apologize. We walked out and no one seemed to give a damn. 

We were not the only ones with issues. The table next to us who was already seated when we arrived, tried to order a cappuccino and was told the machine just broke and that they had a "fresh pot brewing". That was not what they wanted so they were told "Starbucks is in the lobby. You could get one there." WOW. 

Another table was waiting for their entrées from 6:45 until we left at 7:15. 


This is singularly, the worst experience I've ever had. I can't say "dining experience" because we never ate. It was so bad, it was comical, but in a bitter, Gordon Ramsey way. Do not, under any circumstance, patronize this establishment. XIX does not deserve to be part of the Philly dining scene. It was and embarrassment.
Certain things in life aren't about the price. It does cost to have the finer things, yes. But, the experience itself is what lasts much longer than the receipt, tab, or bill. Restaurant XIX is such a place. It has an Old City authenticity that must be whetted on your palette. You want ambiance? You want 1st Class service and attention to detail? Restaurant XIX has it in aplomb. So much of an experience is also about the clientele or the company you keep. It can make the memory outstanding, like a Lunar eclipse. Restaurant XIX is fine dining at its best. Conveniently located on the 19th floor of the famed Bellevue Hotel downtown. It's the perfect hide-away for the elite. My parents and I went for restaurant week. This is a gorgeous restaurant. The dim lighting just flows up through the walls and into the ceiling. The architecture is a mix of Neo-Classicism and a bit of French Modernism. There are 4 separate areas for dining, drinking, Wine tasting, and conferencing. In the main dining hall, the rotunda and French doors look out onto the the city that is Philadelphia. The hustle and bustle of the days slip away as the luminescence rises to a warming glow. In theater beyond the 8ft chandeliers and the hanging replicas of giant Pearls is the Oyster bar. You are surrounded by silk and exquisitely upholstered furniture. These are time pieces from an era gone by. Lovely etched Pussy Willow glass adorns a semi-circular dining couch. It stands as a barrier to the kitchen and host stands. The doors themselves are delicately adorned with the same Pussy Willow curtain motif [look closely]. The whirl of the Winter wind is just a summer breeze when submerged in the panache of Restaurant XIX. 

The actual bar area for me was the penultimate experience. Rich in Walnut wood, housing perfectly detailed shades with coordinated trimmings. Everything about this place is an experience in interior decorating. The lightning just sunk into the room. The floors are also hard wood to meet with the very fine lounge chairs approval. There is a full bar and wine closet available. The paintings are a mix of modern abstraction and classical Renaissance. It creates the perfect symmetry from what was and what is... And what is Restaurant XIX??? It is A LA MODEEEE!
Nice place, nice food, great ambiance. However, the center of one of the rooms has a crazy echo effect that makes the room loud and let's you eavesdrop on tables across the room from you. 

I would've given this place 5 stars if it weren't for their service. They need to train their servers to be up to par with their restaurant. Our server came and took our order,  came back 5 minutes later and asked us to repeat our order because apparently she forgot. Still, 30 minutes later THREE of 6 orders were incorrect, and only took ONE back to fix, with NO APOLOGY. Umm, absolutely unheard of in a regular restaurant, so even more ridiculous this is happening at this price level.
I came here with my family who were staying at The Bellevue.  We ate breakfast here early on a Sunday morning, the restaurant was very quiet when we arrived early around 7:30 but was starting to get busy by around 8:15.  I had the French Toast with sausage links which was very good!  Other items that were ordered were eggs which was popular and a bagel which looked good.  I enjoyed my food, it was a fun place and I'll keep it in mind for future brunch dates.  My reasoning for giving 4 stars rather than 5 was that the service was slow when it was quiet which didn't seem right.  Also, the lighting was dim.  The New Age music was okay, not crazy about that.  It was very nice that the restaurant manager checked in on us.

All in all, I would return here again, it was a fun brunch place.  The price was okay, maybe a little steep but it is at The Bellevue, after all!  I enjoyed my food and hope to come again.
This is a review about their afternoon tea.  At $30/head, it's cheaper than many other Philadelphia venues and it's a great view and room for afternoon tea too -- very high ceilings, open airy feeling, etc.  They were accommodating to our vegetarian friends in giving them a separate plate of vegetarian tea sandwiches with a hummus spread and so on.  You do need to make reservations in advance.

The teaware/chinaware is a somewhat plain porcelain here, vs some afternoon tea places have very ornately-designed teacups and so on.  The waiter recommended the Mad Hatter and Bellevue teas, which most of us ordered and really liked.  Each of us got our own separate tea pot and one 3-tiered set of pastries and tea sandwiches per about four ladies.  The tea sandwiches were really good; I especially liked the crab salad and egg salad ones.  I thought the scones were a little on the dry side but there was some lemon curd sauce on the side with the scones.  The macaroons, fruit tarts, and opera cakes (rectangular shaped cake with layers) were especially tasty.  By far the least popular amongst all of us, for some reason, were the madeline cookies.  If you took a cursory look at the remaining food on the tiers, almost all the madeline cookies were left untouched.  My one gripe is that the service we had really wasn't that attentive.  We had four tables of ladies and the waiter brought a small pitcher of milk/cream to three of the tables then didn't make any effort to get a fourth one for our last table until we asked.  After he had served the tea and the tiers of food, we maybe saw him once more until we asked for the check.

The restrooms are on a separate floor altogether, which is a little odd/inconvenient, but thankfully there's an elevator near the bar elevator that you can take right down to the restrooms.

Bottom line: Great view and location, and a nice place for afternoon tea but some small improvements would have changed my experience from "nice" to "fabulous."
Just ok food, TERRIBLE SERVICE.

Our party of 6 was left without attention and did not get basic water (prior to ordering) for about 1/2 an hour. Then again not checked on again for a while when clearly needed drink refills. (Ps also charged $65 for Liberty wine $10 retail, but that's not truly the issue here).

Clearly unacceptable service for a "high end" restaurant. That's unfortunate since this space and bar is beautiful! Never going back again.
It's not easy to find, but XIX's bar  is great.  We went late on a weeknight and had delicious drinks in a booth near the fireplace.  The Bloodless Mary martini was terrific (beware vegetarians--the menu doesn't say it, but we swear there is beef bullion in it).  So was the blackberry caipirinha.  The cocktails are $10 each.

Went back another time for happy hour, when cocktails are half-price.  Service was much slower and not as attentive.  But the drinks were still good.  They offer a small bowl of mixed nuts that were really high-quality (no peanuts, delicious walnuts).  The menu looked good as others were being served.  But on both visits we were on our way to dinner elsewhere.

The restaurant looks quite elegant and offers beautiful views of the city.  There are even a couple of tables on a balcony.    The bar is dark and candlelit with a fireplace, comfy sofas and a good-sized bar.
Great restaurant. Good food, attentive staff and a fantastic view from the balcony.

We went here for my birthday and was surprised to find the restaurant completely empty on a sunday night. We had the entire balcony to ourselves and greatly enjoyed the food and the whole experience.
If it were a couple years ago....XIX would have gotten a solid 4 stars from me....but it's not quite the same anymore.  I've only been for happy hour and my first time was fantastic--so you know I was hyping it up to my girlfriends.  

The ambiance is still very elegant, classy, and sophisticated.

However the drinks were just okay.  I also think they should have some discounted bar snacks because paying around $17 for an appetizer at happy hour is a little hard to swallow.  Good thing I stuffed my face at Qdoba beforehand--score!!

Definitely come to XIX to soak up some sophistication and get a nice view of the city, but you've been warned that you could probably make a better cocktail at home.  

I will say those complimentary wasabi peas are a nice touch-and highly addictive!
Menu has changed. No specials. Feels like a hotel catering menu. Still a beautiful place. But the food is suffering.
Afternoon tea review --

I came here for a bridal shower (the same one Aria S. was at!). It is such a unique and swanky place for any special occasion! The staff wasn't very welcoming, which was disappointing since we were there for such a special event but regardless, everyone had a great time. 

I tried the mad hatter's tea. I've tried many fruit teas, and this was one of the best! All of the pastries and finger foods were delicious! More than the food though, the atmosphere and experience made it worthwhile. Everything from the circular layout and elaborate ceiling, to being seated at the long table with big fancy chairs, to getting your own teapot, to the bite-sized sandwiches was so inexplicably cute. 

At around $30/person, I can't say that I'll be back again for afternoon tea but I would love to come back for happy hour after they open the balcony and take in the skyline view with a drink in my hand!
3 words: pretention, pretension, pretenshun!

Talk about uncomfortable.  I'm a normal, friendly guy who expects a little class and respect from at least the staff when I'm on a date... that did not happen. 

After waiting 10 minutes for service I flagged down a server who was ignoring me and politely asked for a beer for me and a cosmo for my date.  The drinks came promptly, but she took plenty of time  before she asked if I wanted a second round (my glass was empty for a while).  

I found the other patrons and the wait staff to be disgustingly phony.  This one experience was enough for me to never want to set foot in this "i'm too good to look at you, (and so much hotter because I spent $500 on my shoes)" place again.
As good as it gets!! (for restaurant week, that is) 

For $35 a person, for 3 person.
We got: 
Butternut Squash Soup (so sweet, so delicious)
Tempura Frog Legs (best frog legs I've had)
Beet Salad (my friend said its good but I was never a beet kind of person)

Roasted Quail (decent portion and taste)
Monkfish (so so so good! I gobbled it all down without  offering to share. It was THAT good)
Perogies (pretty good, however, still perogies)

Strawberry Shortcake (my friends loved this and devoured it completely)
Lychee-Huckleberry Parfait (it's okay)

Overall, the service and food were great for the price we paid. However, if it were full price, it would be a completely different story. 
Come for the view : the city looks amazing at sunset from the 19th floor.
Came here for afternoon tea with the boyfriend, and I really enjoyed it here. There's a lovely 19th floor view of Philadelphia and a lovely domed interior. Our Prix fixe tea menu included a number of savory and sweet items, and my favorites were basically everything except the cream puff. Scones came with butter, lemon curd, and an assortment of different jarred jams/preserves. There were about 10+ different teas to choose from, and I went with the vanilla. Finished the whole pot! Service was attentive, and I thought the experience was more than worth the price, which happens to be $10-20 cheaper than a lot of the afternoon tea services across the country.
I just got back from Restaurant Week at XIX, and I have to tell you, this place makes me feel guilty for giving out 5 stars to other joints. My meal tonight was one of the best I've ever had, and I would give it much more than 5 stars.

My husband and I made a 7:00 reservation. We got there about 10 minutes early, were greeted, and sat right away. The atmosphere of this place just screams class, and the views are great. The lighting is perfect, and the spacing between tables is just right. You don't feel too cramped, but you don't feel like you're sitting out in the open either.

For my appetizer I got the crab cake, while my husband got the corn soup. The crab cake was out of this world. It was stuffed with crab, there were no fillers, and it had a very sweet (but not TOO sweet) tomato relish on the top, with a sauce for dipping on the plate. It was perfectly balanced and completely delicious. My husband's soup was amazing. It came in a long, shallow bowl, with corn, scallops, and a pesto sauce on the bottom. The waiter then poured the corn soup over everything, and when all the flavors come together it was mouthwatering.

For my main course I got the striped bass with potatoes, artichokes, and cauliflower in a butter/truffle oil sauce. The fish was cooked perfectly, and the skin on it was super crunchy. The artichokes were so good, and the butter/truffle oil sauce was to. die. for. I wanted to lick the plate when I was done. My husband ordered the steak, and he asked for it medium/rare. It definitely came out that way, too. I normally don't like my meat still moving, so I didn't eat any of his, but from what he tells me it was awesome.

DESSERT. The reason I chose to come here for Restaurant Week, essentially...was more than I hoped it'd be. I got the cheesecake, which came in a mason jar. There was a LOT of cheesecake. It came with a few raspberries on the side, so when I got the perfect combination of cheesecake and crust out of the jar I'd put a berry on top and it made for some perfect bites. It also came with cookies with raspberry in the center. Trust me, you didn't need the cookies. There was so much cheesecake. But I ate it all because it was so good. My husband got the toffee pudding with white chocolate ice cream - and I had a few bites of that, too. The toffee pudding was really good and very moist. I'm not a white chocolate kind of girl, but if you are, the ice cream won't let you down.

Random notes: 
-- I ordered a hot tea with my meal and it came out in a clear glass pot with loose leaves being steeped in a little container attached to the lid. As an avid tea drinker, I found this not only super cute, but a really unique way for a restaurant to serve tea. They also brought out a pewter plate with sugars and a jar of cream on it. Sometimes when you order tea, they don't automatically bring cream. So I was delighted to see that.
-- The ONLY thing that "disappointed" me about this meal was the bread. It was a little bit crunchy/tough/hard to chew. But it still tasted good.
-- The service staff was AMAZING. Super attentive, super nice. It didn't feel like Restaurant Week at all. They were very busy, but I didn't once feel "neglected."
-- You have to go down the elevator one floor to get to the bathroom. I don't feel any kind of way about that, but I thought it was worth mentioning.

Overall, this place was a huge bang for my Restaurant Week buck. Don't miss out!!
I had never been here before and I was absolutely amazed at the space when we walked in. So very stylish and open...I love it!

My girlfriends and I stayed in the lounge area by the bar for drinks the whole time. The bartenders were very attentive even though it was super crowded and I never had to wait more then a minute or two to be waited on. We were there during Sips so there were discount drinks available which I took advantage of since its very expensive normally. Sangria was pretty decent...not the best but good for $4!

I would love to go back here to eat at some point, as the food looked very delish.
The blackberry caipirinha remains (though it is misspelled on the new menu), but the rest of the signature cocktails have changed since my visit a few years ago. The delicious bloodless mary is gone.  They replaced the complimentary fancy mixed nuts with wasabi peas and pretzel nuggets (not a bad way to save some money, I suppose).

Despite the current classic cocktail revolution, they seem to have focused on popular flavors.  We liked our drinks, but they didn't seem as interesting as the ones they used to have.  The spirits menu is just okay, and the wines by the glass are okay too.  

When we arrived, I noticed some staff fussing over the sleek-looking CD player.  When they were finished fussing, we were treated to the sounds of what I believe was a Miley Cyrus holiday album. Weird.

But the room is cozy and the service is good.  It's a nice place to meet friends if you want to relax and talk over drinks.
For a classy establishment such as the Bellevue, this restaurant and bar has the worst service I have ever encountered at a fine restaurant in Philadelphia and is an embarrassment to the hotel.

My fiancé and I came here for happy hour drinks and a few appetizers last Thursday evening 12/22/16. We sat in a seat by the bar and were eventually greeted by our cocktail server about 30min later. Throughout the night she neglected to check on us several times. For my second drink I ordered a Ketel One on the rocks dirty. She dropped off a vodka and sprite with a lemon and walked away. We then had to wait about 15minutes to track her down again to tell her this wasn't what I had ordered. She then brought me the correct beverage in a cracked glass and walked away. (She also forgot our appetizer but told us not to worry she wouldn't charge us - really you aren't going to charge us for something we didn't get? Wow!)

As I was holding the glass it cracked in my hands.
At this point we were both very upset with the service. Not to mention I could have gotten cut badly or even swallowed the glass.

We told the manager who did not care at all and simply stated he would take 7$ off our check. I said sir....7$ doesn't even cover the beverage I ordered that cracked all over my hand. He definitely needs a new position NOT in customer service.

Needless to say we left and went to the Ritz Carlton. I was actually considering Bellevue as a wedding venue, but now my mind is changed!

We will not return.
If I was rating on the ambience and service alone, I would give it a 5. However, the food was so terrible, it's getting a 2.

I can honestly say the salmon was awful. Undercooked, not seasoned well. It was terrible.
The scallop special appetizer was ok. Served raw, overly salted, but it was ok.

My bf got the steak frites which was also ok. Steak was MINI. I've had better at any moderately priced restaurant.

100% would not recommend. The ambience is cool. The food, not so much.
Went to XIX for drinks and a quick bite. You can reach XIX via the shops at Bellevue or the Hyatt. You've probably guessed, its located on the 19th floor. Once off the elevator it seems you've gotten off on an abandoned floor. Wonder around a bit and you'll eventually find the restaurant, the bar is just a little farther in. The bar has tall ceilings, paintings on the wall, seats by a window or the fireplace, very nice ambiance.  

The food at the bar is pretty good. Had the flatbread, which was very good and the oysters which were fresh. Great selection of speciality drinks available and decent wines by the glass. The prices are a little on the high side but worth it for the quality.
As you're going up to the 19th floor (Hence the name XIX) 
the elevator that takes you up is has an old yet classy look to it.
when the doors open you're greeted with a dim ambiance and large windows which over look Philadelphia.
We decided to reserve windows seats which was an excellent choice. it provided a beautiful view of philadelphia which made our night much more romantic.
We weren't to sure what to order so our waitress which was very nice and had excellent suggestions. 

We started with a bottle of pinot noir: 59 dollars
For appetizers we had:

one dozen of their oysters (2 diffrent kinds half dozen each):  18/36 dollars (*****Absolutely delicious*****)
Flat Bread Pizza: 11 Dollars 
XIX Salad: 11 Dollars (Fresh But to much dressing)

Entrees:
Tuna Mahi Mahi w/ Tomato Pepper & Lemon Relish $40
Diver Scallops w/ Tomato Pepper & Lemon Relish $40

Both of these entrees were served for perfection, the way they were prepared and the presentation were magnificent. the tuna mahi mahi was soft and melted in my mouth as with the scallops. the sides complimented the dish completely.

Total Price: 197 + 20%tip = 236.40

Overall experience:
Ambiance - Excellent (romantic)
Service - Excellent
Food quality - Excellent
Food Preperation - Excellent

Overall this place is excellent if you can dish out the money and if you like classy places. great for a romantic night on the town since its downtown.

Sidenote: I suggest Valet parking, the garage is cramped and overpacked. and overcharges. valet parking is sometimes cheaper or only 5 dollars more. so why not spend 5 dollars more when you're about to spend 175+ on a dinner for 2.
i have yet to eat here, but i do have to say that this is one of my favorite spots for center city sips.  
why, you ask?
it's shwanky.  for reals.  the bar is beautiful, there's an outdoor area, and you get to look over philadelphia.
the specials rock.  the $1 sliders are to die for.  be careful to not eat too many.
and people are, for the most part, pretty.  and it's not so crowded that you won't get served.
  
et voila!
I had booked this for an evening when I thought we would be tired from sightseeing; and, it turned out a business partner and his date would join us!  So, a small family meal turned into a cause for celebration.

My wife and I had been up on a previous night for cocktails and wine; and, I sampled an exceptional Pinot Noir from the Willamette Valley and a Negrette from France, while she had the Rose Cello, a play on pink lemonade, but an adult version. Jessica was our server the first night in the bar and she provided exemplary service.

On our evening dining, Dom was our server; and, he was patient with us, as we hadn't seen Nate in over a year; and, had never met his girlfriend.  Eventually, we ordered drinks (Bourbon Smash for me; and, another Rose Cello for my wife.) No one else at the table drank, so we quickly settled on appetizers.

I tried 3 oysters from New Brunswick and 3 oysters from Maryland... the Maryland "cup" oysters were briny and sweet, delicious.  Others shared a platter of 3 cheeses, since two of our party are vegetarians.  My wife had the Cream of Chestnut soup.

We finally settled on mains, so we could clear the menus from the table, Pasta Torcha for 2 of our guests, a Seared Salmon and a Trout for two others; and, I had the modern interpretation of Chicken a la King , which was created at the Bellevue.

The chicken featured a roast breast (airline style) on top of a thigh confit, with mushrooms and two sauces.  It was quite good; but, I was expecting something a bit more "traditional" although I'm not a fan of the original; and, so I may not be the best judge.

Desserts all around, with two Coconut Panna Cotta; two Cran Burle Cheesecakes, a Latte and a Decaf Cappuccino.  After supper, the hostess showed us around the 19th floor, even the Rose Garden ballroom.  She is the 2nd generation employed at the property, as her father worked at the hotel for 15 years!

We had a great time in a great space, with superior service; and, culinary skills.  For dinner, appetizers, drinks and desserts, including tip, we hit about $90 per person, which wasn't bad at all.,
OVERALL - Expensive but worth while for a special occasion

FOOD (4.5 stars) - I love food, so this deserves the most weight in grading a restaurant.  We thoroughly enjoyed a cheese plate as well as the grilled octopus special.  Nicely prepared.  My wife ordered the scallops entree, which was phenomenal.  My rabbit ragu bolognese was nice but not mind blowing.  

SERVICE (4 stars) - Pleasant without being pretentious.  Knowledgeable and willing to give an honest recommendation.

ATMOSPHERE (5 stars) - Very romantic with incredible views of the city skyline at night.  High ceilings and decor are tastefully done.

PRICE/VALUE (4 stars) - This isn't a cheap date but, overall, I got what I paid for.  Probably a once-a-year visit.
"One word to describe me: spectacular, YES!" 

If lounges could talk, XIX would probably have taken that gem of a phrase straight from Julez Santana's mouth. 

You take the elevator to the 19th floor. Wood paneling and mirrors envelop you. There is no ding. The doors open. Chandelier. Hallways. Passageways. 

The dining area is nearly empty. It's almost midnight after all.

But the bar is bustling with the most enticing Bond crowd you've yet seen. The attendees at this evening soiree buzz about their business. Some stand at the bar. Other sit at low tables leaning toward each other to either perpetuate the vibe or see one another over the dimly lit candle. 

Couples canoodle in the corner booths where the view of Philadelphia is absolutely astounding. If you're feeling daring, step out onto the deck where you can not only see the skyline, but feel the breath of Philadelphia enclose you in her embrace. 

Drinks are ordered quickly and delivered promptly in spite of the bustle.

The Merlot was fruity; the Jack and Coke expertly blended (there is something to be said for perfect proportions of alcohol and soda); the Long Island Iced Tea zesty and zingy.
I absolutely love this place.  This review has been well overdue and will consist of at least 3 of my experiences (if you want a short version, scroll all the way down to the caps that says "SHORT VERSION"). First off, don't come for restaurant week because it won't do the food any justice.  The food was ok during restaurant week, but whatever you do, DON'T let that be your first experience (I wish I could highlight this last line, but Yelp doesn't give me that ability).

They have a bar in their "Library" which is located right outside of Restaurant XIX and their drinks are great even during happy hour.  Going there for their happy hour apps?  If you don't have any allergies to shellfish, I highly recommend the jumbo lump crab cake; there are no fillers.  I repeat, "There. Are. No. Fillers."

The drinks change with the season; my favorite was the Grand Dame when it was made with lillet, basil, and I think champagne.  As of right now (8/25/2016), the Grand Dame is currently made with vanilla vodka and espresso (still very good!)

The restaurant is beautiful...so beautiful that this is where my husband and I held our wedding!  Our wedding took place in August.  We had the 2 balconies to us.  The weather was nice, the glow of the setting sun kissed the room with such delicate light that there was no need for any wedding decor.  You know what we had?  A DJ and uplighting when the sun went down.  Anything else would've taken away from the architectural beauty!

The young lady who helped us with our wedding in XIX was Jamie.  Bless her heart.  She filled in all of the little things that I missed, like table numbers and little bags for the candy bar.  She was not a push over and followed up with me periodically.  Our bartender for the night was Rasheed.  He kept up with all of the drink orders and even though I couldn't get the Grand Dame as my signature drink, he made sure the one he made was similar!  Those two really made our wedding special!  The staff also helped set aside food on our sweetheart table so that we wouldn't miss out on any of the deliciousness while mingling with our guests. According to our guests, the food was amazing!  I can't tell you what we selected, but to this day, my friends still rave about the beef and h'ourderves. 

Fast forward to our 1 year later to our anniversary, I ordered the flat iron steak, hubby ordered the manicotti and we both had a Grand Dame.  My steak was cooked to perfection where it melted in my mouth.  The steak laid on a bed of whipped and fluffy mashed potatoes and decorated with sauteed onions and peppers that gave it the right amount of sweetness against the subtle saltiness of the steak.  I had a bite of manicotti and that was warm and cheesy...if I had to describe it, I'd have to say I pictured myself sitting in an Italian Granny's kitchen on a summer afternoon eating something that was made with tender loving care.

For those of you who made it this far, I thank you for taking the time to read my trip down memory lane.  For those who wanted the short version here it goes:

SHORT VERSION:

Food: 5/5- Get the steak if you're a carnivore!  I requested mine "medium"

Ambiance: 5/5- Very romantic...need I say more?

Location: 5/5 - They have their own parking lot at the Bellevue

Staff: 5/5- Rasheed was the best...guess who was our server for our anniversary?  Rasheed!  He's the man, very charming, love his smile!

Price: 5/5- Listen, food was great, decor was great, location was great, the price is fair and that makes it great!


Here's another tip: When calling in for a reservation, you can absolutely ask to be seated on the balcony if the weather permits.
So I made a reservation via opentable for Saturday at 8. I never been here before but I read the mixed reviews and wanted to check it out for myself. First, parking, I turned in the Hyatt off broad st and parked in the lot. That was a quick $32.00 off the bat but a few steps and two elevators later we arrived at XIX.

Once I arrived, I told the hostess my name and we seated immediately. It's a huge space and it's absolutely beautiful inside. Our server was 6/10 and I'm being generous. I always feel like when I come to high end restaurants I have a higher expectation from a server than let's say from Applebee's. Didn't didn't tell us about the dinner specials, didn't clear off our plates, didn't bring out the proper utensils and didn't ask to refill or replace our drinks. . So I wasn't too thrilled with the customer service levels. At all

Now to the food. Although the portion sizes are miniature, the quality and tastes of the food were excellent. The scallops were incredible and we were both satisfied with our entree selections. To be honest, the quality/taste of the food and the views within the space are the saving graces from my experience. Not sure if I will be again but I hope that if you visit your experience will be much different than mine.
This place is just gorgeous. I was blown away by the ambiance, the decor, the view, the drinks, the food. XIX has the whole package. My pomegranate basil martini was to die for. There were lovely little seating areas where us "happy hour-ers" could cozy up with our drinks and settle in for some good conversation. The mushroom risotto was a bit al dente for some of the folks I was with... but it was just right for me. The fried asparagus spears and the calamari were de-lish.

I would definitely return here, especially if I were out to impress someone.
I hosted a 30th birthday dinner for my fiance on saturday in the private dining room.....and it was amazing. The staff was attentive, and totally on point.  I forgot the name of the gentleman that was the head of those taking care of us, but he was awesome. He gave me the wonderful suggestion of ending the evening off with a champagne toast!!! Boy did my guest love that!! Ok now to the food, it was absolutely amazing!!!  I had the seared striped bass with crawfish ragout and rainbow swiss chard, some people had the ribeye and others head seared scallops. I'm actually dreaming about the food...yikes! As a hostess, you know that the food is spectacular when a room goes silent because everyone is passionately devouring their meal lol, and thats exactly what happened! Everything tasted perfect, and my guests raved about the food (and some of them are a tough to please)!!!!!  My guests loved the Lychee kiss cocktail, I actually lost track everything they drank but all the drinks were really strong which was great because the price is not cheap. 

I love the fact that they offered us an extra entree choice, besides the three that I had selected for my guests. (They get bonus points for that) They also had a sound system that allows you to play music off your iPod, a cd or radio...(bonus points for that too!) The private dining room itself is beautiful, classy, chic, and not stuffy at all! 
If you ever want to throw a dinner party for your friends with great food, wonderful cocktails, champagne and wine...this is the place for you!
I'm giving XIX 2.5 stars...

My experience was average to say the least for a restaurant that seems to pride itself on being high class. I wasn't reassured after hearing other patrons comment as they left "this service was the worst I've ever experienced." Unfortunately, the service was poor. Our waitress didn't know the menu and couldn't tell us anything about anything without first reviewing the menu herself for the brief description included as if we hadn't already taken that route. My date, being a vegetarian, asked what vegetarian meals were available...her response "a crab salad without the crab" soooo a salad. The waiting staff needs more training.

The saving grace (and the only reason this doesn't get 1 star) was what appeared to be a floor manager who seemed to walk the floor checking on everyone. He ended up taking our entrée order because our waitress had dissapeared. I believe she was actually at our table 2-3 times throughout the entire dinner service. It wasn't as if the place was packed at all when we were seated. The larger crowds did not filter in until we were leaving. 

The kitchen did however get food out at an above average rate and was probably the most consistent aspect of the service.  

The selections are a bit pricey but the food was really good. I will always give credit where credit is due....

They don't tell you this but there is a 20% gratuity added to your bill AFTER they bring you the check. I had to learn the hard way by looking over my bank statement and comparing that to the bill itself to figure why it had shot up. 

The balcony is closed for the season so anyone who had hoped to get outside to enjoy the view will have to wait until the weather breaks. 

The ambiance is a perk that we really enjoyed. The music was a bit outdated but the views, even on a cloudy rainy night, we still beautiful. 

Overall I don't think I'll be coming back to XIX again. It wasn't the most horrible experience but when you pay the money you do here you don't expect subpar service at any level. This review would probably warrant 3 stars at most places at the very least however I can't justify that high of a rating no matter how fast the food came out or how good the food was. The service killed it for me and apparently I'm not the only one who feels this way....
Went here again recently for the same lunch special - this time we sat outside for the whole meal.  Some of the desserts werent as great as others, but most hit the spot.  Also the service was a little less "on".   Then I got a double espresso & found on the bill it was $6.50.  Eeks that seemed high.  All in all, though, I will be back.  You really cant beat the ambiance & food for the $.
I came here on a Saturday night to have a few drinks with my friend and kill some time before meeting up with our group of friends in Center City.  It was a little confusing maneuvering around the hotel to get into XIX (there was a wedding going on and we were redirected a bunch of times), but we finally made it in there.

I have to agree with a lot of other reviews that this bar/restaurant area is lovely and has some beautiful views of the city.  

For drinks, my friend had (several) kettle one martinis (with some fancy pants lingo that I'll never understand "straight up with a twist and jump up and down while holding an umbrella"...or something like that ) while I decided try the lychee kiss (aka lots of flavored liquors and some cranberry juice).  The drinks were balanced and well-made; I didn't feel that the $12 price tag per drink was outrageous.  

I'd definitely come back here for happy hour in the future.  I'd like to check out the brunch and Afternoon tea menus.

An odd note:  There were A LOT of bros here the night that I went.  For an upscale place, I was surprised that the bros were allowed in wearing Phillies jerseys and jeans/shorts.  Let's just say, I witnessed a lot of Miller Lite and Heineken being ordered...it definitely made me a little sad.
This review is for the bar only.

I came Friday night and got to sit outside on the deck, and the bar wasn't too crowded.  I ordered a Peartini and my friend ordered Hendricks on the rocks.  My peartini was SOOO strong and barely tasted like pear.  My friend's drink was not Hendrick's on the rocks...he determined this after tasting it.  The waitress then realized that it was someone else's drambuie which she gave to him even though we had already taken sips out of it.  I told the waitress this and she sort of just shrugged her shoulders. The Hendricks that my friend did end up getting was watered down.
Went here during a philadelphia restaurant week.

The whole look and feel of the place is very nice. The architecture has a very grandiose ballroom appeal. In the center of the main dining room is the raw bar. The ambiance of the place is enough to go alone. 

The food was very well done. I liked their menu selections. This was a restaurant week special, so their menu was greatly reduced.

The service was very good. They were very accommodating to our tastes.

If I have the chance to go again I'll try to sit in one of the corner tables. It is said that if you sit in one of these tables you will be able to hear the conversation at the table on the other side of the room due to the way the buildings architecture is designed. 

They also have a cozy bar area too, but no bathroom. When I asked to point me in the direction of the restroom on the way out. The host referred me to the bathroom on the floor below. They have a private elevator within the restaurant to take you there. 

There are many hallways and elevators in the building to make for quite the romantic moment with a special someone.    

4 stars goes to XIX
This was our valentines date because we were both too busy on the actual day, but it was well worth the wait. XIX is actually located on the 19th floor of the Hyatt at Bellevue, which is absolutely beautiful, I wouldn't mind staying here at all. Everything from the service to food was excellent. I'm allergic to mushrooms and majority of the entree's for the evening contained them so the chef was really nice and was able to work around that so that I could actually eat what I wanted and not just simply pick a dish because it lacked mushrooms. My boyfriend got the salmon which was really good but he loved my short rib and wished he chose the same. All in all I would come back because it was a great dining experience.
very cool place for a pre-dinner drink - the enormous windows and high ceilings just make it feel so elegant.

awkward place to go for a pr-dinner drink if the rest of the place is empty, because then you just look like a stuffy alcoholic

and I am not stuffy
beautiful beautiful place. so classy and the view of Philly from here is breath taking! I was here for my birthday, it was a Wednesday night, and we ran into Mayor Nutter =] fancy fancy fancy. I've never ate there, but I've had many a drink there. It is pricey and I always feel under dressed. Also, just a but of trivia, Legionnaires' disease started in the Bellvue (where XIX is) in 1976. But no worries, no more bacteria in the air that'll cause a respiratory disease.
Didn't realize that I'd be back so soon! 

This time I went for happy hour and this has got to be the classiest bar in Philly. All mahogany wood. Fireplace. Dim lighting. Men drinking scotch neat at the bar. Waitresses dressed in all black with pantyhose. You get the idea right? 

No need to dress to impress but I wouldn't wear ratty clothes. 

The cocktail menu is amazing and they're only $6 during happy hour! $12 regular meh but $6 happy hour hollaaa. 

Also got the tomato flat bread pizza for $11 regular price. It was sooo good. Multiple types of cheese (ricotta and mozz I think) and fresh rosemary (great addition). I was staving, so def gobbled  up the whole thing myself hehe. But otherwise nice to share with two people.
This review is for the bar only. 

This is my secret spot in Philadelphia where I bring guests I want to impress. The minute you step off of the elevator you're engrossed by the swanky, sophisticated design of the restaurant as well as the impressive architecture and artwork. The bar is separate from the dining area and offers a few booths against the windows. Bartenders are friendly and offer a selection of premium wines and liquors, as well as some inventive house cocktails that are delicious! Definitely recommend the rose cello if you like a fruity cocktail. 

When you want to get dressed up and enjoy a quiet, intimate evening - the bar at XIX Nineteen is the place to go.
We had a nice brunch at XIX Nineteen this past Sunday. I made reservations for 11:30am on Open Table which is a huge advantage in my mind. They did not seat people waiting for brunch until promptly 11:30 which is understandable because the food has to be set up before everyone is seated.

The hostess was kind as was our server. Our coffee cups were not automatically refilled and we had to ask a few times. The dining room is very pretty and the view is nice.

In the dining room is the main buffet with fresh oysters, shrimp, salads, salmon, meats, cheeses, vegetables and more. In the room before the dining room is the breakfast pastries and desserts. You also get a menu to order an entree made fresh in the kitchen.

I loaded up on oysters and picked on other things on the buffet. I ordered the crab cake Benedict as my entree. It was good. It came with two mini crab cakes and two poached eggs. With all of the food I got, I could only eat one of the Benedict's.

The restaurant is nice, especially for special occasions and the food is yummy.
My boyfriend and I had dinner reservations at XIX Nineteen to celebrate our anniversary. I was initially very excited to have dinner here, because of the gorgeous view and the great reviews I read online.  However, when I got there, it was anything but amazing.

When we made the reservation (almost a month ahead of time), we requested to sit near a window, but when we got to the restaurant we were told that they didn't have anything available.  That was clearly a lie, because there were multiple tables near windows in the main dining room.  Strike number one.

Our waiter seemed very nice at first.  However, when he realized we weren't spending money on appetizers or alcohol, his whole demeanor changed.  I don't expect A+ service all the time, but if we're spending $100+ at a restaurant, I want my waiter to be happy and pleased to serve us. Strike two.

As soon as we sat down, it started to sound like one of the waiters had a microphone on and was projecting throughout the restaurant.  When my boyfriend asked the waiter about the noise, he said it was from the acoustics.  Apparently, when you dine in the main dining room, sound bounces off of the ceiling and it makes it sound like you are listening to a radio show.  Yes, you you hear normal restaurant conversation from those around you, but you also hear LOUD conversations happening from across the room.  This eventually caused me to have a terrible headache.  I had to listen to a woman from across the room cackling and coughing up her food.  Strike three.

The food was great, but nothing spectacular that you couldn't find elsewhere.

I wouldn't recommend coming here if you want a romantic date.  Sure, the building itself is gorgeous, but it's not worth the money or the hassle.
I brought my five-year-old daughter here for Sunday brunch because her sister was away with a friend at the Lititz Chocolate Festival.  Bunch at XIX was a perfect consolation prize, and Ms. 5 felt she got the best end of the deal.

Brunch is three courses: buffet-style salads and small plates, a main dish, and a buffet-style dessert.  The food was excellent; Ms. 5 had grilled salmon and sampled many of the salads and cheeses.  And of course many of the desserts, which were sumptuous and spectacular.  I particularly remember several kinds of cookies, and chocolate pot-au-crème. 

The restaurant is spectacular, with a high ceiling, huge, windows, and chandeliers.  Ms. 5 loved it.  After brunch we wandered around the upper floors of the hotel admiring everything.

Cost was incredibly inexpensive: $22 for me, and Ms. 5 ate free.  This brunch might have been the bargain of the year.

We both hope to return soon.

Addendum 2013-09-08: Ms. 5 and I returned today. The prices have gone up, and although they are still reasonable they are no longer the shocking bargain they were: Brunch was $35 for me, and $17.50 for her.  I got a steak, which was unfortunately underdone.  Ms. 5 got eggs ("any style", and the waiter did not bat an eye lash when Ms. 5 asked for hard-boiled) with potatoes and chicken-feta sausage.  The buffet was excellent, included several cold salads, cheese, cold cuts, smoked salmon, bagels, croissants and sticky buns, cold prawns, squid salad (excellent) and seven or eight desserts.  The service and atmosphere were flawless.
