I have finally experienced the awesomeness that is Xochitl.  Reluctantly, after several seasons of passing up on Restaurant Week, I decided to give the promotion another shot.  Xochitl has made me a believer again.  My friend and I arrived slightly early for our 7 p.m. resie but we were escorted to a table immediately.  Our water glasses were filled and bread was dropped off with two buttery spreads.

Our server, whose name escapes me, was wonderful throughout the experience.  When she asked to take our drink order and I handed over the recipe for a "Skinnygirl Margarita," she didn't bat an eye although she did let me know that their regular margaritas are made only with tequila, fresh lime juice and a little bit of simple syrup.  No sour mix, no triple sec, no hidden agendas; just honest ingredients, served over ice, with a rim of salt.  I ended up taking her word for it.  (For the record, one Skinnygirl plus two positively delicious Xochitl margs equals three sheets to the wind, minus any trace of a stomachache, which I almost always get when I drink margaritas anywhere else.  Hallelujah!)  

The food was glorious.  For our first course, we both chose the tortilla soup.  Large bowls containing cubes of cheese, slices of avocado, tortilla strips and dried peppers were presented to both of us.  The broth was poured on top, tableside.  I really enjoyed this dish, although my friend and I agreed that the dried peppers had a curious taste.  She didn't like them, I was intrigued by them.  Next, we both ordered the octopus, mackerel and shrimp ceviche trio.  Each was served atop a little fried tortilla round.  I have been daydreaming about the octopus ceviche since I awoke this morning.  It was easily the most tender, well flavored octopus I have had (sorry, Mr. Garces).

For my entrée, I chose the squid hot pot, which was another win.  When the lid was removed from the pot, tender rings of squid in a spicy tomato sauce appeared before us.  I have to say, the dramatic presentations really made the dining experience special.  The woman seated next to me ordered a stuffed pepper that was so beautiful it could have easily been pictured in a food magazine.  Meanwhile, at our table, my friend had food envy as she was experiencing mixed feelings about her skirt steak (which I thought was good, although it was served lukewarm).  

For dessert, my friend had the churros, which came with three dipping sauces.  One of my favorite things in life is the right to choose several condiments to go with a meal and this presentation was right up my alley.  Fortunately, I had my own dessert to tackle; an appropriately sized mini chocolate soufflé with a mini scoop of cajeta ice cream alongside.  Perfection.

Our experience last night wasn't just great by Restaurant Week standards; it was great by any night's standards.  What a truly fantastic meal.  When our bill was dropped, along with a plate of mini biscotti (delish, by the way), we were also each given a $10 card to use any time before November 31.  My dining companion and I are already discussing what we will order on our return visit!
If you haven't had brunch at Xochitl yet, get thee a reservation. It won't be long before Sunday's little secret gets out. 

I've now been for breakfast on two separate occasions, and on both visits, everything has gone beyond my expectations. Full disclosure: My second visit was comped because my boyfriend and I were invited to come in and sample the menu. But our first visit was on us, and we arrived on the very first Sunday they started offering the brunch menu.

Starting with the drinks, the coffee has an ever so slight cinnamon taste that really goes well with the bold flavors of the food. Mimosas are served cold and taste fresh-squeezed. Bloody Marias are a bold take on traditional BMs, served with tequila and a chili-salt rim. Waters are filled regularly without having to make requests. 

Xochitl's ceviche remains one of my favorite preparations in the city. So light, so flavorful, no matter what variation they are serving it is always delicious. Skip the usual guacamole and share this light starter instead.

On both visits the boy and I ordered the same exact thing. For him, huevos con chorizo: Two sunny-side eggs baked in a dish with kale, potatoes and loads of chorizo. Just as good as it sounds. For me, huevos revueltos: Eggs scrambled with thick-cut, almost pancetta-like bacon pieces and spicy peppers, topped with queso fresco and spicy salsa and served with corn tortillas. Every bit as good with egg whites substituted for whole eggs, which I requested on my second visit. 

We also tried the cornmeal and black bean pancakes, topped with fresh whipped cream, seasonal berries and the most delicious syrup I've ever had the pleasure of eating. These pancakes were nothing like any I've ever known before and yet they ranked among the very best. Highly recommended. 

The sun-lit room with happy music made me actually feel like I was on a mini-vacation. This is how brunch is supposed to be.
Xochitl is one of my favorite places to go for a drink in Philly. I hope that doesn't change anytime soon. The margaritas are the best and I do believe they are a bit larger than they used to be. But several staff changes (including the chef) over the past year lead me to this review update. 

I'm going to shoot straight: this new version of Xochitl is overpriced. Not for the drinks, which I feel are worth their tag, but for the food, which is sadly not as good as it was in the past. Wanting to share a few small plates for dinner on Saturday night, we ordered a red snapper ceviche for $14. The fish was more like sashimi with some red onion and orange pieces thrown in. There was absolutely no citrus taste to the fish itself, which is a staple in ceviche. It really lacked any kind of taste other than the snapper, which could have used a little salt as well. 

Two types of tacos were better in show. The steak tacos were juicy and very flavorful, and the chicken tacos with a nice, healthy slice of avocado were great... with the exception of a small bone in one of mine. The accompanying sides of black beans were slightly warmer than room temp and not so great. 

These three plates plus two margaritas each came close to $100, including a generous tip (we received a couple new drinks on the house in exchange for our thoughts on them so we wanted to make sure our server Michelle was covered). Happy hour will probably be the way to go for me in the future, because I cannot live without those amazing margs. Sadly, the late night happy hour I used to love on Thursday nights is no longer, but I'll happily pull up a seat from 5-7 on weekdays.
Last night might have been my favorite dining experience to date. My 3 friends and I took over a downstairs booth and indulged in far too many dishes. Everything was absolutely perfect - from our server to our food to the cocktails. The dishes came out in excellent timing and with all of the items we tried, not one fell short of amazing.

What we ordered:
Cazuela de Chorizo y Papas - chorizo and potatoes with kale in casserole form. So hearty and delicious!

Tostadas de Tinga - shredded chicken served cold atop a crispy tortilla. These were heavenly.

Ensalada - something light and fresh to cleanse the palate. I loved the jicama!

Atun ceviche - buttery chunks of yellowfin tuna ceviche. Yum.

Platija - maybe the favorite. Fluke ceviche served over those same crispy tortillas. The mild fish was so simply prepared but oh so good.

Carnitas de Pollo - we were really full by this point, but I loved that they embraced the crema for these baby tacos. 

Carrillada de Cerdo - pork cheeks

All in all, you should absolutely go to Xochtil.
Xochitl has been on my list of places to try for quite some time. A Groupon and a special occasion finally led me to dinner there recently.

I don't like to give 5 star reviews after just one visit, however I honestly can't think of a reason not to. The food was fabulous as was the service, drinks and atmosphere. There's no reason they don't deserve this 5.

My husband and I arrived a little before our reservation to check out happy hour. We sat at the bar and were able to enjoy a few of their delicious margaritas. They don't use mixes and you can taste the fresh squeezed lime. They were strong, but you couldn't tell. 

So we got the Groupon deal that others have mentioned. It includes a shared guacamole, shared flatbread, choice of two entrees and shared dessert. They were so very kind as to let us do a little menu modification. Rather than the shared flatbread, we opted for our own guacamoles, which excited me since I could try it with ingredients my husband doesn't like.

Wait, ingredients in guacamole? Yep, you get to customize it. I opted for Spanish onion, raw garlic, cilantro, jalapeno, crab and goat cheese. It was heavenly! It was so creamy, and it had the perfect balance between tasting the individual ingredients and being well blended. The chips were light and crispy with a nice amount of saltiness. 

For our entrees, my husband and I decided to share the braised short rib and Pollo Fritto. I'm honestly not fan of ordering chicken out, but the Yelp reviews swayed us in the direction of the Pollo Fritto. Do yourself a flavor and get it. It was lightly fried chicken was very packed with flavor. The skin and meat were delectable. The short rib was also top notch and I would have been raving more about it, if the Pollo Fritto wasn't so darn good. Amazing, amazing, amazing. The sides were delicious as well. 

The meal came with a chocolate sponge cake soaked in triple chocolate cream with whipped cream and coco power. It was plated with a big "X" for Xochtil on it. Not only was the dessert good, but I enjoyed the presentation. A chocolate sponge cake could have looked so boring. 

The Groupon also comes with a wine pairing for each course except dessert. With the exception of the main course, you didn't get an option. For the main course you could choose between a Malbec or a Chardonnay. The wines were enjoyable and on point with each course. 

As I mentioned earlier, we also had top notch service. Our server was attentive, friendly, funny but not the least bit intrusive. 

Pro tip: you are allowed to buy this Groupon every 90 days.

Groupon or not, we will be back. Despite taking so long to actually try it in the first place, Xochtil has quickly found a place on my favorites list.
Preface/Warning: I am a Hispanic SF native!!! 

Why do I need to say this? Because as I navigate through Philadelphia's "Mexican" food offerings, I am becoming way too bitter. Because obviously, I know what REAL Mexican food is. . Xochitl is NOT I repeat NOT authentic Mexican food. I came in here knowing that full well but I of course was trying to keep an open mind. 

The fact that they need to put "So-Cheet" on the sign was my first annoyance. I get it, it's not a common name, and in Society Hill lets be real, not many people can pronounce it without that help. My second annoyance was our waiter, a tall thin Buddy Holy hipster. While I looked over the menu I asked if the margarita's were offered only on the rocks or blended as well? "No we put them in a shaker and blend them before they are served" Uhhhhh... I think to myself, is this guy f*cking with me?! I guess I have to say "frozen"?  When our drinks arrive I notice my friends "Sangria" has ice in it and one tiiiiiny piece of apple? What in the fame of Jesus Christo is going on here?!?!!?

I look over the menu and think OK so it's "White people Mexican fusion" I got itttttt. At least they have the good sense not to put cheddar or American cheese on anything. But come on!!! You are trying way too hard, Xochitl. I ordered the fish tacos and discover that even at $16 friggin dollars they do not come with any sides. Are you kidding me?!?! Dear Lord Baby Jesus!!!!  I can feed an entire family real Mexican food on Mission St. for that. They tasted awful. The fish was soaked in some kind of oil and tasted fishy rather than spiced. I had two bites of one, pushed it aside and instead ate off of everyone Else's plates. 

The carnitas tacos were edible but not note worthy. The star dishes of the night were the build your own guac (still some options like tuna?! which I refused to let my friends add were laughable) and the aroz con manchgo. The "Mexican STREET corn" ok Esquites was so so. Thank god for my house "blended in a shaker" Margarita or I might have just started a riot in the middle of the downstairs seating area. Yes, did I mention we were seated next to the bathrooms downstairs? I had to be stopped from asking our Hispanic runner if she was sour that she has to serve this crap all day. 

Sigh. The hostess was friendly, the runner was sweet and our water glasses were filled regularly but our waiter was a joke. He never once asked us how the food was and my friend said that on more than one occasion as he checked on the table of uppity young d-bags next to us, he'd look over and simply walk away. What about the bond between hipsters, com-padre? 

I will pay top dollar for good food. I will pay a fortune for good authentic Mexican food at this point. Xochitl is neither. 2 stars for the nice hostess, table runner, good guac, and rice. But for now I'll stick to Chipotle.
I was so hyped up to come here last night for dinner. It looked so beautiful inside and located on a quaint side of town.

My friend and I have been craving guacamole for a long time, so we wanted to see what the whole fuss was about. Now we know. It was really neat to watch the waiter make our guacamole in front of our eyes. We got the guacamole special which was the guacamole on the menu plus some extra ingredients, which for us were truffles and manchego cheese I think. Cilantro and some jalapeno are mashed into the guacamole; don't be afraid of the jalapeno, you won't feel the spiciness.

So this is one of those places where if you sit in the dining room, you won't be able to take advantage of the happy hour special. Lame. I'm not a tequila fan, and even after a drink here I'm still not a tequila fan.

We got the enfrijoladas to split between the two of us because we were determined to finish our guacamole and we were limited to veggie and fish options due to our dietary restrictions at the moment. They were alright. I expected seeing more, erm, exotic vegetables inside as opposed to seeing mixed vegetables which I can easily get from the freezer section of the supermarket.

And service. Really, now? I see you giving other customers better service, what the hell? Biscotti with the check, really? Well we never got one, thanks very much. We barely saw our waitress and when asking them for advice, I never got any.

Never want to go back. Really, a meal that looks like I could have microwaved it myself, happy hour limitations, and curt service. Awful. One star experience, another star salvaged for guacamole.

You let me down Xochitl. You so-cheet-ed me. Have a good life.
If you haven't had happy hour at Xochitl yet, you are missing out. From 5-7, get $3 drafts and $5 margs (the best in Philly, in my opinion). Late night Thursdays add half off to the bar menu. I suggest the guacamole, queso fundido, torta sliders, calamar, tacos de suadero and ceviche.

So basically, everything is awesome.
Last night, the cozy yet bustling ambiance of Xochitl really shone through for me. Maybe it was all the new people I met, or all the faces I hadn't seen in a while, or exchanging a game of footsie with my friend - whatever it was, Xochitl really came alive.

The experience began by sitting at the bar (often a wise decision) under the care of Eric. He's a pro and just before you've cleared your last sip, he's at the ready with a new drink in hand or a quick recommendation. Eric is fast and efficient without being unnecessarily chummy but don't let it fool you, you'll be exchanging high fives after your 3rd or 8th drink. He also happens to be one of the most respected bartenders in Philly. 

New chef Lucio Palazzo has maintained many of the old beloved dishes while adding some excellent new choices to create an accessibly smart menu. 

Some things you should check out:
-La Chilindrina (blanco tequila, blood orange, lime, canela, chile)
-Chespirito (poblano-infused blanco tequila, green chartreuse, St. Germain)
-Cazuela de chorizo y papas (caserole of chorizo, potatoes, and kale)
-Queso fundido

Regretfully, I did more drinking than I did eating, but the little I did have definitely piqued my interest for some more. Perfect spot for a date or a late night drink. Actually, it's just awesome all around.
Tucked into a small storefront on Headhouse Square at Second and Lombard, just off of South Street and next to the Artful Dodger, you'll find Xochitl, one of Philly's hottest new restaurants.  Xochitl, pronounched "so-sheet," is named after an ancient Aztec queen, and I can only describe the fare as Latin American fusion.  And it is to-die-for.

I recommend starting your meal with the fresh guacamole made right at your table.   It is the single most delicious guacamole you will ever eat, and you will find yourself scraping the bottom of the bowl in order to get every last scrap of it.  At least that's what I did.  Following the guacamole and chips, I highly recommend the scallops and watermelon ceviche, which is on permanent special.  While the combination of watermelon with shellfish may sound unusual, I guarantee that the thinly sliced scallops placed atop fresh, sweet watermelon and topped with microgreens will be the most unexpected and heavenly flavor combination that you've ever tasted.

Once you've recovered from the mouth-watering appetizers, you will find that the entrees are just as delightful.  All of the varieties of ceviche served at Xochitl are delicious, and I especially liked their ceviche tostadas.  Another scrumptious dish is the poblano pepper stuffed with ground meat and topped with a vanilla walnut sauce.  If you prefer something else, Xochitl's menu is packed with creative concoctions featuring seafood, chicken, goat meat, and other proteins with spicy vegetable combinations.  The entire menu is featured online at www.xochitlphilly.com, except for the specials, so you can even make your decision before you arrive.

If you still have room for dessert after your meal, you will have difficulty choosing just one item from the dessert menu.  I was too stuffed when I went there, so I opted for the Mexican hot chocolate, which was rich, creamy, and had the slightest hint of some sort of pepper.  My boyfriend and I were there for my birthday, and I suppose that I confounded his plans because I ordered hot chocolate instead of a solid dessert, but the waitress was so sweet that she stuck a lit birthday candle onto the hot chocolate's saucer.  If that's not personalized service, I don't know what is!

In addition to the wonderful food, Xochitl also serves a variety of tequilas and other drinks that you will find appealing.  The tequilas are their specialty, and you can order a sampler flight of three from their extensive tequila menu.  You can also order tequila in cucumber shot glasses.  They also have margaritas, Mexican beer, and other alcoholic beverages.  My favorite drink, however, is their slightly sweet hibiscus-infused water.  If you are adventurous, I suggest their spicy beer concoction, which mixes beer with tomato juice and other spices.

Finally, Xochitl's charming atmosphere and decor combines with its menu to make it one of the hippest new restaurants in Philly.  The cozy upstairs features a full bar area and a dining area, complete with the type of candle-lit decor one might imagine is featured in the old grand haciendas of Zorro's days.  If you go downstairs, you'll find another full bar and charming lounge area, where you can order drinks and food, and the entire atmosphere there is reminiscent of being on a starlight veranda.  The walls are a deep blue, the lighting is low, the couches are comfy, and candlelight twinkles off of mirrors all around you.

I highly recommend making reservations if you intend to go for dinner because seating in the dining area is limited, and this place is becoming ever more popular by the minute.

In all, I would say this is one place that  everyone in Philadelphia ought to try.

UPDATE:  I've been here several times now, and I love this place more and more.  Everything I've had is always perfect, so I'm convinced the chef is a genius.  They also often run specials, like 4-course meals for $35.  The most recent special is the Frida Kahlo menu, which will run until the Frida show at the Art Museum closes on May 18, and which features recipes stolen from Frida's own recipe box (and, I'm sure, improved by the chef - it was all amazingly delicious).  Seriously, the chef there has a real knack for creating perfectly balanced dishes with delicate flavors and mind-blowing delectability.  Take, for example, some of his soups, which come with the ingredients in the bowl, and the broth is poured in at the table, with fresh onions and cilantro on the side.  Pure heaven.
Pronounced So-Cheet. 

Here's a potentially controversial statement: Mexican food in Philly hasn't impressed me yet... wait for it... until last night! Xochitl is so far my favorite Mexican in the city, and yes that means I prefer it over El Vez, El Rey, Lolita, Tequilas, Cantina Los Caballitos, and Cantina Dos Segundos. I'm not saying these places aren't good... but I am saying that to me, they're not as good as Xochitl.

Guacamole. El Vez boasts an incredible Guac experience - the "make your own" is Xo superior at Xochitl. Ours had black truffle, plum tomatoes, roasted garlic, amazing cheese, and maybe some other things - there was so much to choose from and all of it was so good. The black truffle was better than I ever would have expected (I don't regularly ride the truffle train). Came with a ton of chips - it filled me up (party of 2). Restrain yourself from finishing it all otherwise it'll spoil your appetite like it did for me.

There's a $28 special - you get a bunch of delicious ingredients (meats, veggies, cheeses) and tortillas and then you get to make your own tacos. Pretty sweet deal... but we didn't do that. Instead, we opted for the normal taco plates (we'll try the standard dinner options next time, and there's definitely a next time). 

I had brisket. She had fish. Yowzers. All so, so good. The fish taco has cabbage that's got tremendous flavor and crunch (vinegar). The taco itself has a tiny kick of heat; always appreciated. Brisket taco was just damn good. Best tacos I've had in the city so far. Only needed one after all the guac but ate one brisket and one fish and was stuffed.

Server also recommended some sides: Esquites (Mexican Sweet Corn) and Rice & Manchego (what our server referred to as Mexican Mac 'N Cheese). If I have to bother explaining how awesome these were after just reading sweet corn and mac 'n cheese, then either this place isn't for you or you dislike corn and/or mac n' cheese. If that's the case, then I ask - do you like food? Really? =)

Didn't want to order dessert but saw chocolate tres leches and had to have it. Wasn't as good as the tres leches that Valanni used to serve but it was delicious nonetheless, and not overly sweet. Great texture, would have loved to see that tempting puddle of milk at the bottom of the cake, but it was good in its own right. I'm hungry just thinking about Xochitl - it was Xo Xo good. 

I'll be coming back!
If you're looking for a review of the food at Xochitl (so-cheet), don't look at this poor kid. I can't afford to eat here. Don't get me wrong, after seeing sizzling plates of peppers and meat and cheese go by at this place, I'm dying to try the food. But unless some handsome suitor wants to sweep me off my feet with a Xochitl meal (any takers?), I won't be eating there anytime soon.

What I really want to talk about... is margs.

Every night. Xochitl lounge. Happy Hour. Half priced margs. 

Now if you scoff at the thought of a cheap margarita costing $5, hold your snide comments until you try one. They make them with just the essentials: tequila, cuantro, fresh squeezed lime, and ice. No sour mix to kill your stomach later on. They're delicious. And they're kickin.

Just a warning though... one margarita is never enough, but three is usually too many. Learned that the hard way.

If anything, go just to see the British bartender downstairs. Talk about tall drink of water. Er... tequila.
Offensive.  Flavorless pre-made guacamole in a tiny bowl.  i've been robbed less at overpriced restaurants in manhattan.  what really got me was that it turned brown by the time we were down to the last chip (tops 10 minutes).  pampano, mama mexico, even dos caminos makes fresh guac at your table to order.  are you serious "So-Cheet"?  within the first 20 minutes of being at this restaurant, i can understand why they did an opentable spotlight.

The housemade chips aren't overly greasy and they're the perfect thickness, but is all that salt necessary?

The mushrooms in the tamale were tasty, but I thought the strong cheese didn't fit in, I could barely taste the pasilla chile gravy or house crema, so I can't say they added much.

Extremely dry, tough and tasteless short ribs--maybe this was the "lean kind" but it was really really dry/tough.  the golden potato gordita was great, but the roasted garden veggies were soggy, soaking in sauce, and just as uninteresting as the short ribs.

Completely dry and tasteless chicken (the special "pollo frito")--$25 for a half-chicken, are you serious?!  i made a more tender chicken breast on a fry pan the other night.  (entrees were $30 post-tax across the board--at those prices, I'd go to one of the amazing BYOs Philly offers)  24-hour brined does not make dry chicken!!!

The doughnuts were an incredible disappointment.  the chocolate sauce and whatever fruity sauce (they called it strawberry) they brought out seemed like they came out of a can and a film formed on the top of the chocolate almost instantly.  they should learn a thing or two from the stanton social.

I would give this place 2 stars but for the fact that the service was pretty terrible despite the very nice disposition of the waitress.  finished glasses and plates were not taken away unless we stacked them on top of each other and placed literally on the edge of the table.  the restaurant was hardly full so there was no excuse.  i specifically asked for no salt on my margarita, but surprise surprise, it came with salt.  my friend's first drink of the night never got cleared from the table--with 4 people at the table, are...you...for real?  i can appreciate paying happy hour prices for these drinks, but aside from the fresh ingredients like lemons, limes, mint, truly nothing to warrant the $10-15 cocktails (the cocktails go up in price from there).  the flights of tequila we tried were delicious but they could not make up for the fact that the food sucks.  sorry for the bluntness.
xochitl, the BAR you go to for ridicu-potent and tasty margaritas, some snackie things and a tequila-fueled  night of regret ... YES. 

xochitl, the RESTAURANT you go to for an impressively cooked meal that is worth the somewhat overpriced expense for mexican food ... NOT SO MUCH.  

they do serve some of the finest margaritas in the city. they are, as rumored, strong and should be consumed with caution. and the guac, though very high at $9, is incredible. each table has a guac card that you can use to customize the ingredients you'd like to add to your guac, including jalapenos, garlic, tomatoes, peppers, oaxaca, and so many other things. i only say that it's steep at $9 because you don't get much in quantity, but it's fair considering the cost of avocados. 

the food was quite the disappointment.  years ago (before the menu revamp), the food was incredible. i still remember one of the duck entrees i had there as being the best duck i have ever eaten. HOWEVER, the same cannot be said now.  

we had 2 people in our group order the $26 braised short rib. and they did not even finish it. the meat was dry and a bit bland -  totally tragic. 

the rest of our table had tacos - the carne asada, the carnitas and the fish. these were solid. honestly, there wasn't anything to complain about, but they weren't particularly memorable either. 

the tacos ranged from $13-16 and included 3 tacos. of the ones we tried, i'd say the fish tacos were my favorite. 

this is the upside though. considering the dearth of options fish taco lovers have in this city, if you're having a serious fish taco craving, xochitl is a reliable bet. the fish is not breaded/fried and it tastes very fresh, citrusy and the slaw gives it great crunch.
Xochitl. I literally had to ask my waitress how to pronounce the word. SO-CHEEL. It is Mexican for "flower." Just your fun Yelp fact of the day! 

Now that I got that out of the way... this place is low key (cute spot in old city... easy to miss) and has the BEST MARGS in Philly. My friend's mom asked them for their classic margarita recipe and she makes them at home now - so good. I got a taco salad which was pretty average, but I was hangry that day and devoured it. The custom guacamole is WAY over priced for the little amount the serve you (I ate mine with like the 5 tortilla chips they served). Service was excellent probably because the restaurant was empty and we were their only table. 

If you are in Old City and craving somewhat high end Mexican, I highly recommend this place!
I have never before wished harm on the chef of an establishment, but I wish for the hands of the chef at Xochitl to fall off. Also may the hands of whoever is controlling the music and its volume fall off. Way too loud. If your servers have to yell at the guests just to ask if they want a drink then the music is too loud. Which in turn causes patrons to yell to have conversation which only adds to the awful din. 

Now as a preface we went here during restaurant week. But the place was not packed so I see little excuses for the kitchen to be so abhorrently slow. Service was average with the exception of the busing staff. They were prompt, friendly, and efficient. I hope the servers tip out to them. 

Now lets get to the awfulness that is the food. If you are vegetarian or even occasionally enjoy a veggie dish or two like me, do not come here. I was enticed in by descriptions of dishes like Azteca civeche "Pickled late-summer vegetables served on warm sopes with salsa verde". Sounds tasty right? Wrong, it was a sloppy mess of veggies which ranged from pure vinegar to raw. The taste was nothing but sour and overly spicy. None of the veggies retained their own flavors. Moving on to the next course was only slightly better. The pumpkin & black bean empanadas were good but the black bean and the salsa negra overpowered the pumpkin. The final savory dish was terrible. The calabacitas description as follows sounds good "Summer squash with their blossoms, vegetarian mole verde, swiss chard, pickled fennel" but what I received was once again a sloppy mess of homogeneous textures, colors, and flavors that made me gag. This was served on a flavorless blue corn tortilla. This kind of food makes me weep for vegetarians who this chef ,obviously neither understand nor likes. Why would you serve something like this? I would be ashamed to let this out of my kitchen. Vegetarians do like flavor. At least a little salt or something. 

The desserts were all average and felt like I could duplicated by getting a mix from my famous aunt Betty. The flan being the only exception, it was actually very nice. 

In summary, we left discussing whether or not to stop by McD's to get some descent food on the way home. I got home and ate some tums.
Great food, awful and rude service.  We were there on a Tuesday night 5:30pm and were told by the manager to order food now, we were taking too long.  Wasn't necessary when we were the ONLY people occupying the downstairs sitting area.  We were enjoying a round of drinks and apps at the time as well.  It's unfortunate because the food was great, but this experience really ruined our night there.
This is such a cute spot! I would highly recommend. They have a delicious guacamole, which is one of the main reasons you should visit. 

If you are a taco fan, please try their crispy shrimp tacos or their fish tacos. Divine! 

Ambience is great. Service was friendly. Definitely check it out!
So many things were great about Xochitl. Ambiance is super cool and cozy, location can't be beat, drinks are on point. Everything was great except the lack of flavor in almost everything I tasted. 
The signature guacamole in theory was awesome. It features unique ingredients like pineapple, pomegranate seeds, etc. Yet managed to be completely void of flavor. My boyfriend thought it was hummus. I don't understand how this had no taste unless they don't use fresh ingredients. I don't understand. 
My favorite thing I tried was queso fundido with chorizo. That was on point and I loved how it was served with tortillas. 
For dinner I got a chicken tinga burrito which again had very little flavor. It was just completely uninspired. In my estimation mexican food should be super flavorful but this was not the case at all. 
We tried the churros for dessert and they were the only churros I've ever tried that didn't have cinnamon or sugar on them. Just greasy dough. Which isn't terrible but wasn't what I was expecting. 
I would come here again and just get drinks because their drinks were great. I sampled the blood orange margaritas and Mexican hot chocolate both of which were great. While the food here doesn't do it for me there's enough redeeming qualities to possibly bring me back for a drink.
I came in for restaurant week and the bf and I had a very nice dinner. Unlike Ryan C., I LOVED the Michalada - a spicy tomato and beer concoction with a chili-salt and lime rim. The tortilla soup was delicious, with fantastic presentation and varied texture. Sadly, they were out of blood oranges for my salad and had to substitute grapefruit, which really changed and dulled the flavor. I had the vegetarian mixiote de vegetales, and while the presentation was top notch, and the vegetables themselves were deliciously seasoned and crispy-fresh, in the end they were just veggies. Some protein would really add to the dish. I also had a lovely pineapple cake desert with a crisp cilantro-pineapple sorbet. 

A few more touches could really make this place stellar. I think the decor in the dining room could be a bit more plentiful (maybe 6 + plates clustered on a wall instead of a lonely two) a few more exciting vegetarian options, and MAN that bathroom is small. I'm just 5'2" and my knees were almost hitting the wall! Our service was a little inconsistent, too. While it was sometimes fantastic, we were served our main courses with no forks and I eventually had to snag the hostesses help after not being able to get the attention of other staff, and our drink wait was really arduous. May have just been the business of restaurant week. 




While we didn't try the table-made guac, we saw it at the table next to ours and it looked yummy.
My friends and I went here to celebrate, and celebrate we did. We did not however eat, so this review does not reflect on what they serve for food. It dwells simply on the drinks and the atmosphere.

Do: plan on dancing. We came mainly for their friday night dj from the ill vibe collective. It was great for salsa style dancing (mexican or peruvian style ;-)
Do Not: get margaritas? My margarita aficionado for the evening was not all that impressed.
Do: drink the tequila, with a chaser. I forget what it was called, but it was a spicy tomato juice. I swear with that stuff as the chaser I could have finished a whole bottle of tequila... not that I would.
Do Not: let the man get you down (or the crowd). The night I went there seemed to be two distinct crowds. One group was the dancing type (my friends and I were part of that group) and the other group was determined to stare and glower at us (they were jealous). If you want to dance, dance. If you want to chill and listen to the music, you can do that too, because the DJ was awesome.

This is a place I will be returning to.
Just an FYI that they investors that were backing this place (Cook + Solo) that also back Zahav and Percy Street have sold it. So ummm... yea could go either way.
Once draped in white tablecloths and awash in upscale "pre-Hispanic" influenced Mexican plates, Xochitl has reconcepted into a more casual and inexpensive cantina.  Cutting down the wall that divided the dining room from the bar unites the room, spreading that buzzy vibe we like so well across the whole space.  

The Happy Hour here is still amazing -- $5 margs always made with premium tequila and fresh-squeezed lime juice, discount beer.  The uber-special runs Thursday night from 10 p.m. - 1 a.m., when happy hour prices reign on drinks (in the cozy downstairs lounge) and the ENTIRE menu is half-price.  You read it right, pals, half-price everything. 

Queso fundido, ceviche, pork cheek tacos, churros, oh my.  Service is always friendly and accomodating -- they dropped the tablecloths and prices, but not the quality or knowledge.
Xochitl, I'm sorry to say you let me down.  Not all the way down, but far enough down that I'm unable to give you more than three stars.

Build-your-own-guacamole is an awesome idea, and I loved doing it.  Black truffle, red onion, cotija cheese, roasted garlic and jalapeno.... yes.  Yes yes yes yes yes.  Incredibly delicious, and the chips with it were spot-on.  A fantastic start.

And the drinks were great!  I got a terrific tequila recommendations from the manager, my girlfriend grabbed a terrific "blood orange martini" and we followed that with what is now my favorite red sangria in the city (taking over for Bar Ferdinand, for those of you keeping score); it's got sweetness to it but finishes nice and dry, exactly what I like in a sangria.

The rest of the meal, unfortunately, was not as successful.

- Carnitas Tacos: the tortillas were perfect, and the flavors were there... but the pork was dry, and that's just not ok when the dish is 90% pork.

- Short Rib Tamale: I *love* tamales with a passion.  But this was not a tamale, this was a deconstructed tamale, and it didn't succeed for me because the deconstruction lost that essential masa-to-filling ratio which makes the tamale essentially a cornmeal dish.  The masa was lost in the sea of sauce and onions and short rib.  I want to be clear here, this dish was absolutely delicious, and the short rib was cooked to absolute perfection... but I wanted a tamale, and this really wasn't one.

- Pollo Frito:  I also *love* fried chicken, and the menu made it pretty clear this one's made with lots of care.  But unfortunately it wasn't what I was looking for.  The chicken was tender enough, but the way it's fried was just not appealing to me, it needed more seasoning, a little too fluffy and flaky, plus it slid right off the meat with the first forkful and had to be eaten like a side.  I'm having trouble putting my finger on what didn't work for me about this dish... but on the whole it just wasn't that amazing fried chicken I was looking for.

- Esquites:  Now *this* was fantastic.  Mexican street corn, with lots of flavor and melted cotija cheese.  Absolutely fantastic.

Again, I have to explain just to be clear and fair that the short rib tamale is totally delicious and we devoured it... just don't go into it expecting a tamale.  And the guac and esquites were both fantastic... but the other entrees left me wanting.  I'd have expected more quality at this price point, particularly when I've been spoiled by the delicious, perfect and affordable carnitas tacos at Cantina Dos Segundos!
Joe the bartender makes a perfect margarita. Not too sweet, not too bitter. Heavy on the tequila in a festive glass filled to the brim. $5 at happy hour. 

Build your own guacamole is fun, whether it's your first time or your tenth. The activity itself is a good conversation starter (hello, first daters!) and the result is delicious. Chips are fresh and plentiful.

Xochitl is a great place for happy hour/appetizers. I wouldn't stay for dinner, personally. The mains are, in general, a bit disappointing. But really, who needs more than guac and margs anyway?
Hidden among the bars of Headhouse Square next to Steven Starr's beloved Stella, Xochitl looks like a neighborhood favorite and go-to spot for those craving some fresh Mexican and it definitely is both of those things! 
We started off with 2 House Margaritas which were absolutely perfect and fresh.  We also ordered the Create your own Guacamole (you select the type of peppers,onions, tomatoes, garlic and cheese you want on a little card and give it to your server) and I must say it was the best Guacamole I've had in a long time. We also had the Huarache de Hongos which is a crispy masa flatbread, seared wild mushrooms, marinated artichokes topped with manchego and cotija cheese... it was INCREDIBLE! So we were two for two so far... onto the entrees. We ordered the Fish tacos and the Pork tacos to share although the server accidentally gave us the Beef tacos so we got to try one of them too. I wasn't super impressed but did eat 3 tacos nonetheless. I think they were fresh and cooked and prepared perfectly but I am just one of those people who love salsa and this is not the place that serves salsa with their tacos. 
I would give Xochitl 4 stars if it were not for the poor attitude of the server, bartender, and hostess.
Example: We had a reservation and the hostess tried to sit us at a High Top table in the bar/waiting area. If I make a reservation I expect to sit "down" (not up) in the main dining area. It may just be me but I think it's just part of the guarantee you get when making a reservation ahead of time. Throughout our meal our server was rude, disinterested, and not attentive. The bartender also seemed to have a chip on his shoulder and I felt rushed throughout my Friday night dinner.
I may come back if I feel that their service has improved based on other reviews.
This was hands down one of the worst dining experiences that I've ever had in Philadelphia.  Ultimately, Xochitl gets one star because I do not have a "no star" option.  My friend and I dined here last night for restaurant week and had really been looking forward to it.  Neither of us had been before, so we thought Philadelphia's Restaurant Week would be a great place to give it a shot.  WRONG.

We arrived on time for our 7 pm reservation and were asked to wait in the bar area until our table was ready.  Not a problem.  And understandable on a Friday evening. Although the restaurant was not at capacity we didn't think twice about being asked to wait. About five minutes later, we were seated and our very nice server came to explain the menu and the customizable guacamole.  

We made our guacamole selection and placed the order for the remainder of our 3 courses.  As far as the food goes, the guacamole was the best thing we had.  I ordered sangria that was supposed to have peaches, but instead had grapes and apples.  I'm not saying that's impermissible, but it's totally different.  Lol.  Just saying.
Anyway, from there, the courses went down hill.  The four cheese empanadas were a bit undercooked.  My main course, which the waitress described as their signature dish, was ok but did not make a real impression.  And the dessert....the churros.  I thought that was a safe choice.  WRONG.  They're probably normally excellent, but when I bit into it instead of the lovely, sugary sweetness that I was expecting, I tasted onion and garlic and lots of other savory spices.  Perhaps they had a shortage of oil in the kitchen.  Who knows?  

BUT HERE'S THE REAL PROBLEM: Our waitress brought us the bill and we were winding down when the manager, Adam, came over to our table and said, "ladies, I hope you've enjoyed yourselves and that you will come again.  If you'd like to continue enjoying yourself, I suggest you go to the bar, but we need the table."  Now is probably when I should point out that there were other vacant tables in the dining room and that the couple next to us was in the process of leaving, But I digress.  Apparently there was some special reason why he needed our table.  So we proceed to stare at him like he was crazy.  He took that as his cue to continue talking.  He said, "we've been TRYING TO WORK AROUND YOU, but you've been here for THREE HOURS and we need the table."  We had not been there for three hours, it was slightly over two, and it was a four course meal. Moreover, we had to wait for our table.  Ultimately, however, if their primary concern is just turning tables and not providing a nice dining experience, then they shouldn't be in the restaurant business, nor should they participate in Restaurant Week.  

When we started gathering our belongings, my friend asked the manager to move because he was blocking her chair.  After which he said, "I don't allow people to talk to me like that."  This was unbelievable.   I have never been treated so poorly by a staff member at a restaurant...EVER.  I would not be able to recommend this establishment to my worst frenemy.
Michael Solomonov does modern Mexican with local ingredients, in a colorfully decorated, inviting dining space with a lively bar area. The food is excellent, the servers are friendly and attentive.

Happy hour is a great deal. It goes from 5-7pm every day for $5 margaritas, $3 draft beer specials, and $6 Guero specials-- I had myself a marg, and it is a very stiff drink, so perfect if you've had a tough day at work or just want an early start to the night.  

Good guac is difficult to find on the East Coast, but Xochitl is known for its fresh guac with cotija cheese, prepared tableside with mortar and pestle. Chunky, delicious, and it's got a little bit of a kick to it if you let them add the red peppers (you can always request that they leave them out, but they don't make the guac overwhelmingly spicy).   

If you're getting guac anyway (and why wouldn't you?), note that the "El Sabor" special is offered daily, and it's a steal as long as the entire table has enough of an appetite for it. For $32, each person gets the guac, along with an appetizer and an entree (no menu item off limits). We weren't hungry enough to for it when we came, but the next time I know I'm coming to Xochitl, I'll try to plan ahead a little better to take advantage of this prix fixe option. 

For an entree, I got the Salmon marinated in achiote (a reddish seed with a bit of an earthy flavor) served over poblano crema,fava beans, and yuca tots. The fish was perfectly cooked... juicy but with a little bit of crispiness on the outside, and everything else was also tasty. 

Alas, I wish I had saved room for dessert. But there are several reasons to go back again, so perhaps I'll get to try the Postres another time.
I have been wanting to go here for a while, so I broke one of my personal cardinal rules and went for NYE. I was not disappointed. The food was great and I did not feel gouged by the menu. I had some pretty high expectations and as far as the food goes, they were exceeded. Our server was a bit overwhelmed, wanting pretty much minimal service anyway, there were no issues. There was a prix fixe menu in play so my date and myself shared the courses. The vegetable soup was fresh, clean and tasty. The plantain and venison sopa was a great combo and was excellent. We had Langostines with quince, mushrooms and vanilla-great combination. The pheasant was great-very delicious and moist with another wonderful combo of flavor. The vegetarian enchilada was filling and very fresh tasting with the correct amount of heat from the ancho chills. Dessert was much awaited and we were very happy with our selections nog panna cotta and chocolate tamale, both were delicious. I hope to return soon and cannot wait to try the menu with no limitations.
I was really hoping they would do something nice with this location, since it was my beloved old favorite spot to go to by myself. This is the old Filo's, I spent many nights there having a few drinks,  listening and dancing to great music by the Worship crew, then walking home. 

We decided to check this place out one Friday night when a friend from out of town was visiting. It was the perfect atmosphere and food in the downstairs lounge area. The music the dj was playing was great and funky, yet not too loud, so that we could still hold a conversation. The food was spectacular, we had the Ceviche de Callos con Sandia (watermelon and scallop ceviche), I wasn't sure what to expect, it was not like the typical ceviche I have had before, but it was delicious. We also had the Queso Fundido, one with chorizo and the other with mushrooms. They were both devine!

They also have a reverse happy hour special in the lounge: Thursday - Saturday, 10pm-12am. We had some tasty margaritas (although not the best I have had, but good enough for the price), and we were feeling really nice by the time we left there, not too full, it was the perfect amount of food, and we still had some $ in our pocket!

I am definitely looking forward to going back to Xochitl.
First dined here a little over a year ago and were so unimpressed we neither returned nor bothered to write a review. So, we couldn't remember much about it last week, when we finished our dance lesson at Society Hill Dance Academy famished. Granted, we are vegetarian and perhaps are missing Xochitl's star dishes. But I largely stand by my original impression. 

The place was nearly deserted, which ought to have tipped us off. However, it was such a welcome change from our prior experience (a crowded Friday night), that we enjoyed the quiet. Our waiter was friendly enough, although the bartender who seated us looked at his watch as soon as we walked in.  

We started with the Xochitl salad, which had the potential to be good. If it wasn't incredibly salty. I suspected, and our waiter confirmed, that the kitchen forgot the lime dressing. Bad when the restaurant is busy. Regrettable when the restaurant is nearly empty and you have a full kitchen staff. But UNFORGIVABLE when it is nearly empty, you have a full kitchen staff, AND you realize the mistake and don't take it off the bill.  

For dinner, my friend ordered the Huarache de Hongos, with seasonal vegetables instead of the usual mix of mushroom and artichoke. I liked it better than he did, so we ended up switching plates. 

I ordered the mushroom tamale. I am not a big fan of tamales in general but it was one of the few vegetarian options and I decided to give it a shot. It was inexplicably deconstructed - which a tamale should, in my opinion, NEVER be - because it was a few slices of bland corn mush with a dollop of the mushroom "filling" on the side. 

It is a good thing we are trying to diet, because the portion sizes were tiny for the price. 

The drinks were better than the food. The Xochitl margarita was tart and freshly prepared - the way I like it - and the Mexican mojito was crisp and refreshing. But my glass was 90% ice. They definitely make a lot of money from their liquor sales.
No.  Not going to pick this place for my birthday dinner again. 

So we get there, I'm looking nice.  It's my birthday and I've been talking about coming here for awhile now.  We show up, we walk down to the basement, get into our squished table and I'm excited.  I think I'm excited because it's my birthday and I'm finally checking out this place.  I can't even say the name of it.  It's become a joke - how many different ways can we say it.  (Oh sheeeet, Ox-tail, Oxchikital, we don't stop).

I order a drink, got a weird look from our waitress but whatever.  Drink comes. Disgusting. I never send anything back, but she's standing in the corner across the way looking at me.  

She comes up: You don't like it

Me: Ehh whatever that herb is in there, it's not its best use in my drink

Waitress: Yeah most people don't like it, I'll get you something else.

Me: Uhhh I'll just take a regular marg.

Ok, so great service, you took it right back, you watched from across the room knowing it was most likely a no-go.... but next time give me a heads up before you put the order in.  Heck maybe even say "let me get you a taste first".

Dinner was meh.  There was a short rib dish that would be my suggestion to order.
The guac was good but isn't that standard at a place like this.  Thats a bare minimum.

I don't think I'm going to give it another shot.
I wish I could give this zero stars. Last week 5 Of us went here for restaurant week - and I wish I could say we had a good experience. Before we had even ordered anything or got introduced to the menu etc our waiter felt he needed to 'school' us on what proper eating out ettiquete is and by that I mean he reprimanded 5 girls. He said that after a few girls hadordered drinks at the bar with 5 credit cards that "we should know better- and it wasn't a good look". No joke exact words from him. Now maybe we should all have cash but between work fulltime and making out reservation time we did not have time to make an ATM stop- but honestly we are spending our hard earned money at your establishment and you think it is ok to yell at us? Our tab was over 225 so clearly not a cheap night out. 

I wish I could remember name of the waiter but we were so disgusted and uncomfortable we got out of there as soon as possible. Don't go here cause honestly who spends money then to have your experience ruined.
Yowsa', most everything we got here had some spice. But I love some spice, so no complaints there. 

We ate in the bar, but unless the dining room is a shack of some sort, I can't imagine that it would be anything but possibly better then what we experienced.

The menu was inventive, and I knew things were off to a good start with the tostadas de ceviche appetizer, which had the perfect amount of citrus, and tender chunks of seafood. The octopus had a nice texture-- and I do not like octopus, but this go around it was surprisely not chewy. 

For dinner, the boy had the pork shank, which annoyed me because who goes to a pricey spot to get pork?? But I was silenced - it was awesome, crazy fall-off-the-bone tender when you sank your fork into it. 

I had the barbacoa, and though I've never really been much of a goat meat fan, it was incredible. Beware the tiny thai peppers sitting on the plate--unless your mouth is iron-coated, it'll burn a hole. The cactus salad on the side was also tasty! 

For dessert, we had the churros with chocolate and caramel-esque dipping sauces. We literally ate all the sauce out of the little dipping bowls. This is now my churros and margarita spot of choice (with a side of dinner). Plus this place is sooooo pretty.
The guacamole is awesome and I would say they have the best margarita in Philadelphia. The churros were also quite tasty.
If you go thurs-sat and go downstairs there is a late night happy hour 10-12 which includes the margaritas for $5!!!

I am a frequent late night happy hour attender now that my friend filled me in on this!
One of the best places I've been for Restaurant Week.  Here's what I had:

Ceviche trio: Tasty with strong flavors.  Loved the dipping sauces.
Smoked cinnamon figs w/ blue cheese: Yum!  Loved the combo of sweet cinnamon with pungent cheese.
Squid hot pot: Delicious.  Tender (not chewy) squid, and lots of it.
Churros w/ dipping sauces: Mmm.  Creme sauce was my fav, though you can never go wrong with dark chocolate.

Downstairs seating area was roomy and quiet.  Friendly, helpful service, and the cookies that came with the bill were an unexpected treat.  I love when I think I'm finished eating and out comes more food!  The $10 coupon for a return visit is a smart business plan... it encourages ppl to come back, and they'll certainly spend more than $10 when they do.

Definitely worth my $35 and Wed. night!
WOW. That's the word for our experience at Xochitl.
Xochitl was the foodie group's 7th destination and the 2nd for Steven Cook to host.  He's a huge fan of foodies and claims we're exactly why he's in the business.  Makes sense, this guy knows how to please a foodie.

 The atmosphere was really nice. Our group of 19 fit perfectly in the comfortable lounge-like dining room down stairs. The problem I had was trying to figure what to order. Fortunately, we were a sharing group and most of us were able to experience one great flavor after another. You'll see that our flickr photos are a bit more scarce this time....due to the fact that those with cameras were too consumed with consuming.

 Honestly, I found the entire experience to be flawless. In my opinion, everything I tasted was even more exciting than how it read on the menu, which is quite an accomplishment. The vegetarian entree (stuffed cactus) was perhaps the most interesting thing I sampled and hope to get the opportunity to order that in future visits to the restaurant (hint,hint), but I suspect that that dish was put together especially for us, though I was told cactus is always on the menu.

A BIG THANKS to Steven Cook, owner of Xochitl & Marigold, who has proven to be one of the most eager to host food-ies. He clearly appreciates his patrons and came in to see how our meal was and more importantly, he was among the easiest to organize events with. The staff service was excellent and Im not just spreading all this love because they make a damn strong drink there, no sir, it's because I can be influenced by a good food buzz.

the menu: (for those curious)

1st Course (choose one)
Ceviche de Dorado y Coco
(Mahi-Mahi ceviche with coconut)

Empanadas de Pollo con Mole
(Chicken empanadas with mole)

*( veggie offer) Sopes de Queso de Cabra
Fresh masa tortillas with goat cheese and black beans


2nd Course (choose one)
Jicama Callejera
(Jicama in the style of the Street, with pepino
melon, pineapple, lime and chile piquin)

Salpicon de Res
(Shredded beef salad with tomato,
onion, cilantro, jalapeno and lime)

Entree (choose one)
Bistec Tabasqueno
(Skirt steak with plantains, guacamole and beans)

Pechuga Rellena de Queso y Flor de Calabaza
(Chicken breast stuffed with ricotta cheese and
zucchini flowers with roasted poblano sauce)

Salmon en Salsa de Aguacate
(Roasted salmon with avocado sauce)

*(vegetarian entree) Nopales Rellenos
Roasted cactus stuffed with mushrooms served with pumpkin seed mole

Dessert (choose one)
Burritos de Platano con Chocolate
(Banana burritos with chocolate sauce)

Bunuelos Napoleon
(Fritters layered with fresh cream and berries)
My friend and I came to Xochitl when we were visiting Philly from NY. We had a reservation, but had about a 10 minute wait when we got there. We ordered a drink at the bar and when our table was ready we were able to transfer our bar bill to the table. Our server was really nice and gave some suggestions on appetizers. 
They have an option where you can create your own guac by checking off the ingredients you want in it on a card and giving it to the waiter. We went with pretty standard guac BUT we got it topped with cotija cheese, literally amazing. We were hesitant about getting the cotija on it, but it really was so good
For dinner we both got a few different tacos and split them. We tried the chicken, brisket, carnitas, short rib and shrimp soft tacos. They were really good, but the taco was soggy with some of them. 
All in all the food was good, and the staff was nice and helpful. I would return if I was ever in the area again.
Xochitl is a more traditional Mexican restaurant with some modern interpretations of classic dishes.  it's a small place, FYI.  Overall, I was underwhelmed, and expected a bit more.  The food was certainly not bad, but I found it a bit uninspired, the flavors only mediocre, and the service a bit lacking.  The portions seem small for the price, but the drinks are very good.  

I give it three stars because it's not a place I'd avoid, but certainly not one I'd choose to return.  I don't think you'd have a bad experience here, and if you're a Mexican food junkie, it's worth a try, just don't have too high an expectation and you'll either be happily surprised, or get exactly what you anticipated.
What a wonderful experience this was! I really enjoyed Xochitl! We started off with a Chipotle Guacamole which was made at the table with fresh chips. My meal consisted of Sopa de Pollo Humeado (mexican chicken soup), followed by the Vuelva a la Vida (shrimp, octopus, scallops and oyster cocktail). What a meal!! It was topped off with a wonderful array of desserts. May favorite, the Churros! I am a huge fan of the affordably priced Xochitl!
For real, though, tequila is no longer just something to justify going home with ugly people anymore.  Xochitl, like its sister restaurant the magnificent Zahav, goes above and beyond the norm to create an amazing dining experience.  I always chill at the bar, as Xochitl has some of the most hospitable and knowledgeable (not to mention heavy-handed) tenders in the city.  

Though some truly great tequilas will set you back a bit its more than worth it.  Personally, I'm partial to the Casa Noble Anejo, a tree-bark brown delight that my friends and I describe as "the one that smells like Grandma and tastes like Grandpa."  A warm butterscotch nose precedes the cherry tobacco flavors, finished with lively spearmint.  Its on this one that I really learned to appreciate sipping tequila rather than the old standby: lick, slam suck.  No limes and salt, please, just a snifter-shaped glass and a side of sangrita (the amazing spicy tomato and citrus aperitif served alongside most tequilas enjoyed neat).

Its impossible to be steered wrong on the menu--everything is heavenly--but the true delight is always going to be the tequilas, whether standing by themselves, in one of the creative house cocktails or in the margarittas made with freshly squeezed limes.

As an added bonus, Xochitl is quite often a bustling hub of food industry peeps, especially on Sundays.  You're never going to find a more lively, and engaging crowd.  Staff from Zahav--those lucky bastards--are encouraged to enjoy their shift drink at Xochitl (and vice versa) but chances are you'll find restaurant people from all over the city.  And really, if there's one group you ought to trust about where to find the best food and drink, its them.
WARNING: DO (not) UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES CONSUME MORE THAN TWO MARGARITAS FROM XOCHITL (or else you might end up too drunk to stumble your way to the Society Hill parking lot...ergo risking your status...in...well...society. "Hello chaps, I've just had 3 drinks and now I'm a blithering idiot." Stumble, stumble, fall.) 

The Perfect Margarita is, indeed, perfect...and is complimented very nicely by chipotle salt...you need salt to retain the water so you don't dehydrate yourself and end up as above. 

The build your own guacamole is a fun concept: I've always wanted to blend black truffles and Mexican onion in an avocado puree. But unfortunately, the guacamole had its tush handed to it by the best fried tortilla chips I've stuffed my face with. Double layered and perfectly salty, these chips are fried to light gold perfection, and it's guaranteed you'll leave the basket empty...with nothing but grease remnants staining the red napkin to let you know who's been where.

The mushroom tamale dish was more like one long skinny tamale topped with dollops of soft Mexican white cheese. Thick and smooth, the tamale exuded a mild corn flavor, and served as the ultimate compliment to the umami pile of sautéed mushrooms accompanying it.
I can't BELIEVE I didn't review the original incarnation of Xochitl. 

Probably because it was my go-to first date place and it was on the QT. Then I fell out of the habit of dating. 

Then there was the overly long relationship with speed dial and Little Italy Pizza. 

Anyway, New Year ...

Like many here I approached the new Xochitl with trepidation/shoulder chip. I just really liked what we had and wasn't ready to move on. So for those of you who like me, knew the old and are curious about the new (well, it's 6 months new), this review is for you.

Atmosphere is still great.

Service improved vastly after the sh!tty dip earlier this year.

Menu kept some of the greats from before but changed it up and got slightly less adventurous. At first blush it reads more basic (blah blah blah tacos, tamales) but the ingredients and execution keeps it all interesting.

They had the nerve to remove the queen bee item from the former menu, Tortilla Soup, BUT they talked me off the ledge when they revealed it was the night's special. I haven't tried their version, but based on how they handled the other dishes, I feel reasonably confident they'll do it well.

The red sangria got a makeover from brush-teeth drinking glass to a stem glass with a half straw with red grape halves. Still works though drinking it with the straw makes me feel so ... effete. Ole.

The guacamole (I got the regular - I can't abide by the mix-ins concept popularized by lame El Vez) was suprisingly excellent - complex flavors, good crunch, deceptively rich. The tortilla chips were very fine - thick cut.  But not stellar. I wanted them to be a little warm. Or a little lime. Or both.

The queso fundido (two versions, adobe peppers or chorizo - I did the peppers) was tasty but imperfect. It was a little greasy - sort of ridiculous complaint given molten cheese IS grease. It formed a nice cheesy crust which to me is grade A fat-girl eating. The tortillas tasted a little pre-fab, which brought the dish down a notch.

The fried chicken was a mixed bag. As someone else mentioned the menu takes pains to let you know how involved the preparation is. The final product is very good though maybe not a panty wetter. It's moist from the 40 days and nights of marinating but not necessarily flavorful. And the chili sauce lacing visual resembled the way a Bennigan's would drizzle icing on a danish. It's kind of pedestrian and a wood deflator. The accompanying corn bread was wonderful: some nice chewy corn, good rough texture while the overall effect remained moist. I wanted the bread to be warmer, but you can't have it all. The side greens with chorizo is a miss. Way too much chorizo and a little heavy on the vinegar. I live for greens but I'm not so sure about these.

But clearly I was happy with my meal & overall experience (loved the waitress - friendly, knowledgeable, not at all pushy, efficient) so I asked if they had dessert and ... they do. I got this roiling hot chocolate cake in a ramekin (not the molten style - I believe that concept has finally inched its way to restaurant heaven) but the real news here is the topping. A dense shlag-style cinnamon whipped cream plopped on top the size of a latin nut sack. And it was f!cking amazing. Huge bonus points for the God smart enough not to add sugar to the whipped cream. So much better sans sugar. PS that cake was unbelievably delicious and my new, larger waist size can prove it.

Let's review:
great atmosphere, service and red sangria
great guac
decent queso fundido - let's say B+
reasonable fried chicken - let's say B+
thunderously perfect chocolate cake with a nipple pincher of cinnamon whipped cream throwdown

Xochitl happily remains on the regular rotation.

Postscript, I am so annoyed by any review that starts with some complaint about not being happy about a Groupon. I wish Yelp had a sort feature to remove them.
So is the "l" silent in Xochitl (so-cheet)?

Two things that stuck out:  margaritas and guacamole.  I was a bit overwhelmed at their list of tequilas to choose from and then there were 3 types...I guess I'm an amateur tequila drinker, I didn't really know the difference so I just got what the waitress recommended - one of the blanco tequilas...excellent choice :-)  It was really tasty and sweet...so good, I had to have another one in their basement.  Someone else probably already mentioned but they do have $5 margaritas for happy hour, and on Friday nights, their HH's are from 10pm-midnight.

So the other neat thing about this restaurant is they make guacamole at your table and you can pick and choose what spices and stuff you want in it.  Fortunately my friends and I are super easy going so we just said sure to everything the guacamole maker offered to put in and it was sooo good.  Besides that I ordered the Salmon, which comes with vegetables and rice - also very good stuff.  Definitely recommended.
Don't buy me gifts, buy me drinks. 
Or dinner. Or both.
That's my birthday motto. 

Two dear friends recently took me to Xochitl (so-cheet) and treated me like a Mexican princess celebrating her quinceanera. And Max, the Monday night, barely legal, bartender, did as well. I never had to ask for a margarita refill and he didn't make me feel bad about how much I could put down. "You're thirsty." What a kind way to call me "drunk."
I'll take it.

I was perfectly happy with just drinking but we ordered guacamole, queso fundido con chorizo and pork cheek tacos. Loved every second of it. Guacamole came with crumbled cheese and tortillas duradas. Please get the chorizo in your queso fundido. Please. And to fortify my pork cheek taco claim, note that the chef and restaurant owners sitting beside us ordered them immediately. If you're in the know, you know you gotta eat these.

Later came the celebratory shots of tequila. 
First: "Cheers to Xochitl, the restaurant and our like-named undergrad Spanish Lit professor!"
Second: "Salud y dinero!" As Lauren and I were about to fearlessly toma el trago, Reenie was relunctant. Ever-so attentive Max grabbed the shots and mixed it with a bit of ice and lime juice for a shot on the rocks. "Cheers to Max!"

Oh, what a night.
Dinner

Service: 1.5 - we had to wait for 25 mins to order, and it wasn't packed. And had to ask again later in order to get our guac and chips. They then forgot our main orders and had to ask again. Bartender was gracious and seemed to help the waitress after we pointed it out when he delivered our drinks.
Drinks: 5 
Chips: 4.5
Salsa Roja: 2 - too close to tomato sauce, which seems to be common for Philly Mexican restaurants
Guac: 3 - could use some citrus
Corn: 4
Chicken Tacos: 3 - overly sauced
Shrimp Tacos: 4.5 

Still searching for a great Philly Mexican restaurant
I ate a lot of food at Xochitl last night. My boyfriend and I went for a late 1-year anniversary dinner and we left with that never-going-to-eat-again-I'm-so-full feeling. And it was worth it.

The basics. The price was reasonable. Not cheap, but worth it. I'd say the food is priced accurately. Service was friendly and quietly attentive. The atmosphere is great. Not fancy, but definitely nice. The beverages are also good - I like that they don't offer your standard sodas - only Mexican Coke and a few fruity sodas, as well. I had a pineapple-infused tequila cocktail and my boyfriend had a Dos Equis (draft). The cocktail was perfectly made. I reccomend. 

We started off with a guacomole special - pomegrante seeds and bleu cheese. SO DELICIOUS! It was made tableside and it is everything you'd imagine it would be. The cheese added a mild flavor and the pomegrante seeds added a whole other level I didn't even know about yet. Very good. We followed that up with the Sopa Azteca (tortilla soup) and one of the ceviches. Both of these were excellent. The ceviche trio was light and tasty. The soup (which is vegetarian, fyi) was warm and tasty. When we switched plates, the spoon fell into the bowl and got a littly messy - this was, literally, the only thing wrong with the entire meal and it was entirely our fault. My fingers got a little wet because I didn't feel like asking for another spoon, but that's just the way it goes. The tortilla strips in the soup were stil crisp, the broth was flavorful, but not overpowering, and the cubes of cheese got meltier and meltier as we ate, which was a delight. I love cheese.

For my main course, I had their vegetarian dish, a cheese empanada trio (which is new to the menu, replacing the leek "scallops" - the sever had to inform us of the new items, as the new menus they ordered are on their way). It was served with long julienned roasted veggies, rice, and adobo sauce. The empanadas were small but incredibly rich and delicious. I forget the exact combinations, but one was full of bleu cheese and apples, another manchego (and maybe something else), and the other with another type of cheese and dates. I may be mixing these up, but either way, they had a very distinct flavor and were extremely filling. My boyfriend had the grilled strip steak, medium, and was blown away. It came with veggies, some sort of green salad with crema. The blue corn tortillas that come with the dish are a nice bonus, even though he only used one since the steak was perfect by itself.

After our entrees we were full. Not kind of full, or almost there. Stuffed. But we opted for dessert, still. We ordered the carmelized bananas with some sort of rum sauce and walnut ice cream (again, I am basing all of this off of memory, this could be slightly inaccurate). It was flipping delicious. The bananas were sugary and crunchy, but not too sweet.

We left satisfied. Almost too satisfied. I could have puked I was so full. But the meal was delicious from start to finish and the restaurant itself is great. Five stars, I'd give it five and a half if I could.
Long story, short..This place has a great ambiance, but a very pricey menu. 

I was also turned off, by a rather underhanded move by the service: When a friend and I asked if an entree was large enough to share, our waitress said no, so we took her word and each ordered the same dish. When the meal arrived, 1 was enough to feed 3 of us and needless to say, neither of us finished. Then as the waitress cleared our plates, she had the nerve to say "Oh yeah, we give huge portions!". I'm sorry, but that's just dirty business. I understand they are running a business, but in a party of 13, it was completely rude and unjust for them to give us false information in order to make more money. 

To top it all off, the chicken we ordered was dry and hard as a rock when we bit into it. Swing and a miss, Xochitl.
A good concept but lacking in quality tequila selections.  Way too much promotion/support from Patron, and Patron branded drinks on the menu.

Corralejo and Kah are nice menu options, but seriously lacking in better tequila options.  There are several other bars in Philly to go to first if you're looking to sample flights or try something new.

The "paloma" uses two Patron products (silver and citronage) and Jurritos Grapefruit soda, yet a real paloma uses a Reposado only and Squirt soda...theirs is a poor interpretation (and sad considering real Mexican Squirt is available all over south Philly).

The spicy brisket taco is lacking in spice and flavor,   And I was expecting 2 shells per taco, not just one.  Each taco shell split open half way through eating.  Chef is obviously not mexican and has never spent anytime in mexico...

The order your own guacomole is a nice touch, but Tequilas executes it so much better.  Chunks of jalapeno were too big and the tuna we added was mixed in instead of just laid ontop as one would expect.

Overall, friendly but uneducated staff and mediocre food, its a great addition to the tourist stops on South Street, but any true Tequila affecianado will take one look at the menu and head strait to No Libs for a real tequila bar

The Amarilla was way too heavy on the lemon and 

the El Sol was too sweet.

The bartender was very friendly and nice, but not at all knowledgeable on tequila. 

Overall environment was a bit small and crowded and the music was all over the place and made no sense, at one point we were listening to Frankie Avalon!
Another restaurant that lives up to its hype. Sweet. Xochitl (so-cheet) is located in the middle of the pretty cusp of Old City and Society Hill. I love this quaint little place. We went for restaurant week and despite what some here on the yelp say the service was not scaled back. 

The hostess was very friendly, seated up promptly and took our jackets. I wasn't expecting a coat check. +1 for a great hostess and a coat check. It was cold as shit and I personally hate having to sit with my jacket pushed against my back. 

We started with an awesome red sangria (it has tequila in it! w00t!) and they brought out some fresh baked warm and toasty bread (possibly the Xochitl take on pan de agua), with some regular butter and some sp!cy butter. At this point I was already head-over-heels.

Xochitl really went all out this year for restaurant week. Instead of the standard 3 courses for $35 Xochitl offers 4 courses for the same price. That earned them another +1. I started with the pollo con vegetales soup and it was a delight. My fiancée had the corn soup with truffles and goat cheese. She won. That soup knocked my socks off and I want to go home and make it. 

Next up for me was the seafood ceviche. It was served tapas style on little fried corn cakes. There was one of each (Spanish mackerel, octopus, and shrimp) and they were tasty. I used to be the anti-ceviche guy, but after having great experiences at two places now, I am sold.  

Main course is always my favorite course. I ordered the skirt steak medium and it came out medium. +1. It seems no one ever gets my steak right, but tonight Xochitl was running on all fours. The skirt was topped with a special salsa and had a side of pureed turnips. Everything on the plate complemented each other which of coarse is the way it's supposed to be. Often times when a sauce is added to a skirt, it's used to mask the quality of the beef. This was not the case. I tasted every flavor that this dish offered and there I decided that this place wasn't going to do me wrong.

Dessert: Churros w/ two pudding style dipping sauces. I was wow'd. I mean a churro isn't really anything special, and I am not really a dessert guy, but they were warm, tasty, and the little bit of chocolate dip was a great finish to a wonderful dining experience. 

Xochitl earned itself a good 5 star rating from me. Ambiance was great, food was great, server was friendly, host was on point... It feels great to try out a new restaurant and be impressed. $35 for four courses makes it feel even better.
Sangria with Ice in it.. seriously?! We asked the hostess and she was like wide eyed with surprise  - "oooohh.. but I have NEVER had any Sangria without Ice"

I gave up on the place after that! lol!!

The guac was fresh, but lacking lemon and salt, we asked them to get some, so we could make it taste better.. lol!!
The chips were fine - fried tortillas instead of normal chips

The queso was just that - CHEESE! With a few peppers thrown in. Nothing memorable.

The Veggie Sope - not my style at all. The masa cake was not seasoned at all. The veggies on top of it was ok, nothing great. 

The Tamale - The mushrooms were perfectly cooked and I loved every bite. But the tamale itself was like super lean, NOT seasoned and too chewy. Not at all like what a real tamale should be! Not flavorful or yummy.

My Coco martini was good - super strong on the coffee flavor, not so much on the tequila though!

The MICHELADA delivered though - it was spicy and strong.

Not sure if I would like to be back here..
Just treated myself to an affordable night at Xochitl! 
Last night my friend and I were lured there by the newest recession deal, it's $2 cans of Modelo beer and 1/2 priced house margaritas which are great ($4.50).. but would you expect less of a place that brags about it's extensive tequila collection?  Oh yeah, you can also get 1/2 priced food from the late night menu in the lounge after 10pm.  So It's another late night happy hour.  I've tried Steven Starr's same type of deal at Jones but that's like slumming it compared to Steven Cooks menu at Xochitl.

My friend and I arrived hungry and thirsty, which meant we were gonna spend money regardless of the price.  We drank a few house margaritas each after a round of beers.  The main bartender in the lounge was working like crazy because this place was packed.  There were also people drinking while waiting for a place to sit.  We sat at the bar which probably was a good bet.  Drinks taste better when you see just how generous a pour they give you with the booze. [sigh]
Agreeing to split all the food we ordered, we started with an order of the Lamb tacos which were very delicious and a decent portion compared to the Sopes (Duck, goat cheese and chorizo on fresh masa tortillas with black beans) which tasted great but mini tapas sized and the same price.  I probably wouldnt order the Sopes again.  We ordered the  frise' salad that had duck and cinnamon smoked figs and blue cheese.  Yeah, the ingredients read as culinary porn for sure but the portion wasn't porn sized, if you know what I mean. (do I need a cheesy wink here?)
We were still hungry since we were two guys with empty stomachs.  Since we enjoyed the tacos so much, we tried the even better pork ribs tacos and the skirt steak sandwich.  Considering we'd already taken the edge off our appetites, these dishes were sooo good.  I'd definitely recommend sandwhiches and tacos if you're looking to fill up.  They were so savory my friend claimed there was an orgy in his mouth.

Service down there was outstanding for us and the food overall was very good.  Final bill was only around $64 before tip.  HOLY CRAP that was good.
I may have said this before, but I'm one of those people that don't revisit a restaurant too often.  Not because they suck, but because there are sooooo many places to try.  I'm also one of those people that rarely give 5 stars (without some mention of how it should really be 4.5).  However, Xochitl has commanded both a revisit (and a re-revisit, with more in the future), and 5 genuine stars from me.  

I've been here several times now, and each time I've been really pleased.  I've liked everything I've ever tried.  I won't go into specifics because the other reviewers have covered that pretty well.  Also, at this point, between my friends and I, we've probably tried the whole menu.  So this review applies to the whole menu.  The guacamole, ceviche and main entrees are all, as Guy Fieri (hate him) would say, "Money".  

And if you needed any more reason to give this place respect, the Chef, Dionicio Jimenez started off as a dishwasher and worked his way up from Vetri's kitchen to open this place.  Mad props.
I'm really happy with my experience at Xochitl. My boyfriend and I were celebrating our birthdays with dinner there. We sat at the bar since the dining room was full. The hostess offered us the opportunity to sit at one of the tables in the bar downstairs which apparently opens at 6:30, and even came to ask us if we wanted a table downstairs instead. A lot of people were eating at the upstairs bar, and the feel was very pleasant, so we just stayed there. Both bartenders were very nice, and the service was fast and courteous.   

The cocktails are a bit expensive, but delicious and strong! One is definitely enough. I also tried the tamarind aqua fresca, which I don't really know how to describe. Apparently it is a seasonal recipe. I have never had anything like that before, but it was certainly good, and helped me sober up. 

We ordered a guacamole to start, which was great. I had the squid hot pot, and my boyfriend had the pork loin entree. Mine come in a terracotta pot dressed with a lime and red sauce. At $17, it was good and very filling, almost too much food. The pork loin was served with potatoes and little blue corn tortillas in a nice medley of flavors. He complained a little that that his was expensive, and compared to most burrito joint Mexican fare it is, but the portion size and quality are excellent. He said based on the price, he would rate it 4 1/2 stars since he was the one who paid! The food at this place reminds me of the way Lolita was a few years back, but better, especially since it has a full bar. 

Enchanting location right on Headhouse square, where all the little colored lights sparkle on the trees at night. The interior is quaint without being overdone; candles, wrought iron and Mexican tile work, but in keeping with the colonial feel of the building and surrounding area. Very pleasant and enjoyable overall!
Xo-Cheat on your diet!  It's Xo-worth it and Xo-great to come here.  I love the Oaxacan cuisine and kick-y cocktails with real tropical fruits used in making them.  I have been here twice already and, although pricey - and sometimes unbearably crowded, I will be back again and again.  It's Xo-Good!

The Aussie Bartender is muy, muy caliente!
Try a couple of Dona Florinda cocktails with fresh prickly pear cactus fruit.  Super Yum!
The feel of Xochitil is a cozy, rustic Catina. It's understated atmosphere is a pleasant change from some of the other Mexican restaurants in the city.
I dined here during restaurant week and the service was pleasant and friendly. 

The made to order guacamole was very good and it's a nice personal touch to start the meal. I had the veggie options from the menu, a spinach ensalda, this was fresh and had a spicy kick, then the veggies enchiladas.  These were not bad but not spectacular. To end the meal I had the flan. Very good and great consistency. 

I'm not a huge margarita drinker and it was a late Sunday eve so I didn't get to try the drinks that people say are so good here. Overall a quaint option for Mexican cuisine in Philly.
oh.  my.  god.  i went here for south street's "restaurant week" (3 courses, 30$) last weekend and it was amazing.  And that should say a lot considering that a lot of restaurants use restaurant weeks to half-assedly  crank out dishes for the masses in an assembly-line manner.  

But not here.

every dish was excellent, and even artistic!  I had the avocado ceviche, barbacoa (perfectly cooked), and chocolate souffle cake with cajeta ice cream.  We also ordered the custom-made guacomole for the table; a server came out and made it for us right at the table. And just as swiftly as he had made it, the four of us devoured it.  SO good.  And the waitress was super-attentive and more than willing to offer recommendations.

On top of everything, the place has a very cool atmosphere and is on a stretch of south street which is very pretty, especially on a temperate spring/summer night--perfect for a little post-dinner stroll or if you're en route to some bar hopping later.

Try this place--you won't regret it.
the staff is incredibly attentive.. almost ninja like.. I'd be drinking my water.. and put the glass down.. almost immediately it was refilled.. like out of the blue.. They were just very nice..

The tableside guac was delish.. I love how you can decide how much of certain items or if at all would be put... fresh guacamole holds a special place in my heart, especially when accompanied by house made chips. 

I also ordered the fundido.. it was delicious.. very flavorful.. 
My friend got the sopa azteca, and the chicken and rice she liked the soup, although she did complain that because the cheese was cubed, she couldn't taste it in every bite. Despite that she enjoyed it. She ordered the chicken and rice and really enjoyed everything except the lime mayo.. 

With such fresh ingredients, it's hard to go wrong.
Hanging out in Society Hill rarely happens for me, due to the saturation of wonderful bars and restaurants in my own neighborhood, but the urging of multiple friends and a birthday party finally brought me over to "So-Cheet" last night.

We hung out in the cozy, dark basement lounge, which was pretty great.  From 10-12 on Saturdays (and maybe Thursdays and Fridays as well?) they have a late night happy hour.  The special was $5 house margaritas.  While that may not sound like the most amazing deal to happy hour cheapskates, trust me - it is.  Sauza blanco, hand-squeezed lime juice, and simple syrup made for a tasty drink.  I like when you can actually taste the tequila in a 'rita.

While we weren't here for a full meal, we did try a few of the snacks:

-queso fundido: Delicious melted chihuahua cheese, served with piping hot fresh tortillas, mushrooms, pickled red onions, and peppers. I really loved those red onions.  I could bring home a jar of those.
-the chicharrones: pork rinds served with a dangerously spicy salsa verde.  Again, amazing.

Service was attentive and friendly, and a DJ was spinning hip hop and funk.  I had a really great time here, and have to come back for a full dinner.
Xochitl (pronounced so-cheet)....the positives are endless....

What? What was that? You have Happy Hour every day of the week including Saturdays and Sundays?? 
Awesome.
Your Happy Hour features 5 dollar authentic tasting margaritas without all that  high fructose corn syrup, sugary pre-made margarita mix??
 Awesome.
You can order Happy Hour specials even while sitting at a table and not just at the bar??
 Awesome.
Your new menu is very reasonably priced and the food is still fantastic?? 
Awesome.
Your service is great and my water glass is never below half full (for all you Optimists out there)??
 Awesome.
I can earn 1000 Open Table points if I make a reservation on a Tuesday?? 
Awesome.
Your Fluke Ceviche is everything you'd want in a ceviche and yet classically simple and only 10 dollars??
Really awesome.

The only negative I can think of....
Why did you stop making the guacomole tableside? Everyone loved that and it's such a nice, unique and authentic touch.

I've been here twice in a two week period and I think I'll be back again in the near future. Looks like I'm becoming a Regular!
Went back to Xochitl after a while to find out that its management, chef, and entire staff had changed.  Although the name is the same, it's definitely not the same restaurant.

The food was very good but it doesn't match the incredible cuisine that the prior chef created.  Sadly their drinks have also changed: gone many of the unique concoctions that I loved (such as the El Fumador).  Both the food and drink menus are decidedly uninspired.  The margaritas are good but (i though) a bit over-sweetened.  I have no complaints about the blood orange martini, however.  As for the food, it was just okay - the guac is more modestly portioned than it used to be and the appetizers (at least the ones we got) were bland. The Pollo Frito, supposedly this restaurant's signature dish, was tasty but lacked that out-of-this-world taste that you'd expect for a nearly 30-dollar entree.

Our service was also lacking and I'm willing to chalk it up to an "off night", but when you're just not served two dishes that you've ordered it warrants mentioning.  Other tables' food was also brought to ours.  We received a dessert dish in lieu of the missing appetizer, but nothing was removed from the bill (nor offered to be).  The manager promised to make it up to us "next time".  Sadly, I'm not sure there will be one.
We found this restaurant walking through this area as we were looking for a dinner spot. The restaurant wasn't very full but it was a Monday night so I imagine it's just not very busy because of that but at least we were seated pretty promptly. 

We were greeted and had our drink orders placed promptly. Since the restaurant was running a "meatless Mondays" special, all non-pork/chicken/beef items were 15% off. I decided to have the shrimp tacos, an order of the fried yucca and a margarita. The table also decided on guacamole to share. The guacamole is "made to order" by using the card on the table to pick your ingredients. There are definitely some non-traditional ingredients on their like strawberries, pomegranates, and some other things. We decided to stay in the traditional lane of ingredients and we enjoyed appetizer and our waiter brought a second round of chips without being prompted which was nice.

My favorite bite of the night was the yucca fries. They were perfectly prepared and served piping hot. I'm kind of a yucca fry snob so this was really exciting for me. The shrimp tacos were okay. The toppings looked fresh and colorful and the shrimp were large but the sauce on the taco didn't quite do it for me. Overall, it was a very wet taco and the flavors of what was in it just didn't have enough dynamics in flavor and texture. Was it tasty? Sure. Would I order it again? Unfortunately, no.

Overall, I would say that if you eat at this restaurant knowing it's a fusion Mexican restaurant, it's perfectly fine. If you go in expecting more traditional flavors then you might be disappointed. I was in between three and four stars for my rating but decided on four since the waiter, Ian, was really attentive and kind and brought us a flan at the end of the meal. Also, the bartender came and asked if we wanted to see anything on TV and changed the channels so we could watch the Sixers game. In addition, the restaurant had a nice romantic mood (though some might find it dark). All pluses that bumped up their overall rating. Personally, I prefer a traditional Mexican meal over fusion but I think the food was tasty regardless.
we took the train in from jersey last night and got off at the market-8th street station. i have no spacial knowledge of philly so the walk was longer than i expected, and resulted in mangled feet due to the stupid shoes i was wearing... but i would do it again in a heartbeat.

we got to the restaurant a little early so we could take advantage of the saturday happy hour. ($2 dos equis and $5 house margaritas from 5-7pm) i love tequila, but had only ever really drank patron and i wanted to try something different. i ordered a flight of tequila, which included patron silver, corozon blanco, and don julio blanco. thanks to erin, the bartender, i found a new favorite tequila. (the corozon)

and now on to dinner. i was excited about table-side guacamole, but got even more excited when i was told that there were options for the dish. one option had montenegro cheese and bacon, another had montenegro and chihuahua cheese and black truffles, and the other had blue cheese. we went with the truffle guacamole. i'm not lying when the entire table was considering licking the lava bowl clean. for dinner i couldn't decide on a main dish so i got two appetizers: sopes and a ceviche. the chorizo and duck sopes were perfect. the ceviche i got had shrimp, scallops, octopus, and oysters, and came with a mexican cocktail sauce. i wanted to eat it all but had to stop myself for fear of bursting. my friend and fiance bot got the skirt steak because it came with avocado fries (!).  they were slices of avocado, lightly breaded, and flash-fried. amazing. for dessert we went with churros and chocolate and the trio of tacos, which were more like canoles.

in short, the meal made me so happy that i wanted to just hug everyone.
Love the bar. Great Tequila selection, and better drinks. 

Food is great and creative. Seating upstairs is ok, downstairs is a different story. Get a seat at the bar if you're into the drinks, for there is no wait-service downstairs and the bar is smaller than my closet. So, unless you play Center for the Sixers, you're gonna wait to get a drink downstairs.

I recommend a 'flight' of Tequilas. Ask the bartender for advice if needed, they know what they're talking about here. 

Been here when its empty and bar is to ourselves, and on a busy Sat night..opt for the prior if you can. DJ sometimes (call ahead).
With so many great reviews, there was no doubt in my mind that this was the place would be a hit.  It was my first visit here and unfortunately my last.  Walking in the receptionist wss very nice and sat us right away.   Unfortunately the table was so small it left me wondering how we would fit any of our plates on it.  The devote was nice and had a rustic feel.  I ordered the fish tacos with a side of rice & beans. My s/o ordered the steak or perhaps the beef tacos ( I cant remember the name). The food presentation was very nice but there was very little food which would have been ok it it was offset by big flavor.   However, the food was bland and needed salt among other spices.  I grew up near the Mexican border and know my Mexican food.  If your looking for an authentic spot or at least food with flavor... this is not it
Best margaritas around, freshly made (not concentrate or artificial tasting sour mixes) from real limes. Best of all, only $5 at late night or after-work happy hour.  Definitely my new favorite special.

Guacamole is awesome and the spicy salsa they serve it with adds the perfect kick. I also had the squid hot-pot which was tasty, but I could probably eat dinners here of just the guac.
Pretty pricey food, small amts.Guac. at table was good. It's new age mx food. Margaritas are different, u have to like non traditional ones, I had 2 different ones, I didn't enjoy them, but drank them. A tight place to sit in. Bathroom is unisex and extra small. Your knees will hit the door when u sit. Sink to low, water splashes all on your shoes & flr. When we got our check we all took a Dbl take. And most of us left hungry, even after a pricey sm. dessert. Good luck!
For a restaurant that's only been around five years, they've changed numerous times -- in personnel, decor, menu and attitude -- and this final upheaval appears to have knocked them greatly.

I used to love Xochitl, heading there from my nearby apartment very frequently for happy hour margaritas, steak tacos and the awesome bar menu. But after Cook and Solo sold the restaurant last summer, things have gone downhill.

Though the staff is said to still be the same, the quality just doesn't seem so. It's just not quite right -- the service is decent, though don't expect them to tell you prices for specials if they are not listed. The food has changed with the new chef and it just isn't working. 

Some of the best menu items are no longer there, including the tortilla soup, and it appears the bar menu is no longer available. In general, prices have increased but the value has not. A recent dinner with three girlfriends, with an order of guac, three entrees and one drink each, cost us more than $150 and we each left hungry. The highly touted fried chicken was lackluster and the camarones con caldo, while cooked well, wasn't balanced in its seasoning. Too much adobo.

Some great items still remain, like the Xochitl salad, guacamole with added crab meat, steak tacos and all the desserts (especially the flan). 

But for me, Xochitl is destined to be a spot for drinks and small snacks only.
Inviting decor and hip menu drew us in.  We had a few drinks and bites at the bar on a busy Saturday evening.  The Nono cocktail had a blend of cucumber and Chartreuse (the bartender explained the herbacious character of the green liquor as he poured)...great departure from the sickly sweetness of most cocktails (I avoid them usually).

We had the chorizo, duck, and goat cheese sopes...each item served atop a corn meal sopa...so good, reminds me of the great Tex-Mex I grew up with in South Texas. Three sauces to compliment...my only regret is that we didn't order another plate.

Reading the reviews on Yelp, I went for some Guac...not too bad...could've used a touch more acid, but I'm thinking if we ordered it at the table instead of the bar, you can control the flavor. Chips were thick, crunchy fried tortillas...very nice touch to go with the lumps of avacado in the guac.

We're going to bring our brother next time he's in Philly for sure, not only is he a margarita connoisseur, but he's a health & restaurant inspector...we're sure he'll love Xochitl.
I cannot say enough good things about Xochitl. I went there solely based on their website and their menu. With all the hype Xochitl is getting make sure you get reservations. They are not on OpenTable as of this review, but you can still make them on their own site. 

I attended Xochitl twice in one weekend. I wasn't planned this way, however I enjoyed my Friday night visit so much i begged the excellent hostess, Kelly, to squeeze in my parents and I on Saturday night. - which she did.

For a great appetizer I cannot recommend enough the Guacamole Con Totopos. A gentleman comes to your table and makes Guacamole to order - just fantastic. A very unique and tasty dish is the Ceviche De Callos Con Sandia which is thinly sliced scallops and watermelon. I sampled 4 different main entries and honestly you could just pick any one on the menu and you would be pleased.

Another great feature of Xochitl is their drink selection. A great selection of tequilas including homemade spicy pepper infused tequila makes for some amazing drinks. They also have a selection called "Frozen Beer" (which I had to try of course) which is a beer combined with tomato juice and a sweet and spicy rim (yeah yeah I know how it sounds, but trust me its great.
I just have gotten a new job this year that occupies a lot of my time, so I didn't even know when the first half of restaurant week had come and passed. To make up for lost time, I called Xochitl to see if I can get a table for early Friday evening knowing that it's near impossible and after being told that they don't have any openings until after 10pm over really bad receptions, I found an opening on OpenTable at the time that I wanted. I wonder how these things work.

It was right after the snow storm and the streets are all piled up with snow banks and ice. My boyfriend and I arrived earlier than expected and got seated not long after at a table. I was surprised to see that despite the unusually bad condition outside, the restaurant is still quite packed. 

The restaurant week menu is filled with items that usually appear on their regular prix fixe. We got an order of guacamole for the table. The server brought up a platter of ingredients, preparing the guacamole right in front of us (or in this case behind me.) Unfortunately, the aisle is kind of narrow and stepladder was riding on the coat I put on my chair. The ingredients include avocado, lime juice, cilantro, finely diced onion, jalapeno, habaneros and some kinds of cheese. The end product is to die for.

For appetizers, the boyfriend got a cazuela de chorizo y papas and I got an order of chicharrones. The chorizo and potatoes casserole taste like a spiced up well made corn beef hash which is pleasant and comforting. While I love chicharrones, the plate is a bit awkward; I had no idea what is the proper way to eat this dish. While its theoretically correct to pair fat with acid, the acidity in the salsa verde seems to be too imposing and one-dimensional. And if I'm forced to use my hand for the oversized chicharrones, how am I supposed to keep my hand dry getting the radishes inside the sauce?

For entrees, I had the scrumptious costilla de res. I have been having a lot of mole lately and I wasn't particularly excited for another mole dish but I did want something meat-and-potato-y and I was very glad to get this dish. The short-rib was tender and juicy, the mole was the best I've had yet, the potato puree was like silk, combining with the spinach makes it the perfect dish. The arroz con pollo was nice enough, using beer to make it adds a peculiar bitterness and instead of being crispy, the chicken is a bit crunchy which is interesting even though it's on a drier side.

I go crazy for churros and the ones at Xochitl doesn't disappoint. Geniusly paired with a taza of Mexican hot chocolate for dipping, it adds an amazing array of flavors to an already delicious fried dessert. The pay de coco is cute but forgettable. I've had better but it's a nice choice. 

It's a nice place and the service is friendly. The vintage South American movie posters serve as interesting conversation starters but a few trendy Mexican restaurants uses them as decoration and no matter who started using them, it's getting a bit tiring. I like the fact that they serve Jarritos for I love them. 

At the end of the night, we spent $100 for a few small plates and I caught an error on the bill where they charged us beers that we didn't consume and they were polite and nice about taking it off, but one still has to wonder if the meal we had was worth the money we paid.
We went on a Friday night, about 6:30 pm.  When we got there they told us there were no tables available, so we sat at the bar.  At that point every table was available, but there were reservations for them.  

This was our first trip back to Xochitl since they re-did the menu.  We had only been once and thought the food was pretty good, so we were expecting even better.

After a few house margaritas at the bar, the bartender gave us a heads up that happy hour was over in 1 minute if anyone wanted a refill.  We thought that was pretty nice of her.

The four of us split 2 apps, which was enough food to whet our appetites before the main course.  The girls got fish tacos, the boys got pulled pork tacos and everyone shared.  After dinner we shared the churros which were not as good as I remember, though still good.

After we paid the check, the bartender offered us a free round of tequila shots before heading out - a great end to a great meal.  We left with enough food (but not too much) and a nice buzz.  I would go there again in a second.
Went in for drinks at the bar and while didn't stay for a dinner in the dining room, we did order and share a few items off the menu.  Here are is my summary.The mushroom and artichoke flatbread had a great presentation and looked very appetizing however it did lack flavor and was a little bland.  The guacamole was fresh, flavorful and presented nicely.  You can order it with your own selection of ingredients, however, I went with the traditional.   My favorite was the tacos. Very flavorful and well done. Tender shredded pork finish fried to a crisp, served on corn tortillas with onions.   I would definitely go back for the tacos alone.  They were somewhat small so I did order a second helping.  The place does have all the right ingredients to be a local hot spot for modern Mexican.  The bar is very nice and the barman was extremely friendly and accommodating, although I do forget his name.  The margaritas were fabulous, they fresh squeeze the lime juice for each order, they were the best i've had outside of Mexico itself.  

I would certainly return again and recommend it to friends.
I was really disappointed by my last experience at Xochitl. I hadn't been there for years and it has changed quite a bit, and not for the better.

Pros:
-Service was good.
-They seated us on time.
-Server was informative and not too overbearing (but he did seem to take it personally when it was obvious we didn't like our food).
-Nice size portions (we went for restaurant week and it was a good amount of food for the $35).

Cons:
-Owner and menu have changed and that means NO MORE SOPA AZTECA!! That's the ONLY reason I wanted to go there! Huge disappointment. For some reason I was confusing the tortilla soup with Sopa Azteca. Well, that was dumb of me!
-The food just fell short. We ordered the 4 cheese empanadas and they were just so heavily fried, seemed almost triple fried. I know that many empanadas are fried but these were just so heavy and well, I couldn't finish them.
-My friend and I shared the adobo shrimp and pollo frito. The server was really pushing the pollo. It wasn't anything spectacular, trust! 'm glad that I didn't pay full price for that because $30 for a mediocre fried chicken would just be frustrating. 
-Dessert. Well by the time we ordered, one of the choices was removed because "something happened in the kitchen." We got the doughnuts and the flan. The flan stood out, it was good. Again, the doughnuts seemed like they were quadruple fried or something. 

I'm really, really bummed out about this because I so loved Xochitl the other times I've been. Needless to say, I won't be heading back anytime soon. 
Can someone please tell me where to find a killer Sopa Azteca!???
I love Xochitl's food and bartenders and drinks! They are all wonderful. I love that there is a second happy hour in the very sexy lounge. There is nothing to complain about in food, except that it may be a little more upscale (pricier) than I'm used to - but that is not a problem. It is a nice place to go if I want something fancier than usual. Great presentation and decor, as well. The problem I do have is that a couple of times, I've tried to get in and there isn't room, yet the lounge isn't open downstairs. Why they would choose to not use the extra room when they clearly have the demand is beyond me. The hostess seemed very pleased to turn me away and tell me there wouldn't be a table for about 4 hours. I didn't like the attitude, as I'd experienced it before. No one wants to be turned away from their favorite places, and even a fake "I'm sorry" would have been a better answer.
I love the concept of building your own Guacamole. We came here on a whim on a Friday night for dinner and left very full and very happy. Lets start with the Guac. There is a card on the table that allows you to pick various add-ons to thier Guac base (avacado, lime, cilantro salt and pepper) We added raw garlic, plum tomatoes, raw onions (For free) and then added some items that cost $1.00/item corn and pomegranate, on top of all that we also were given the ability to control the spiceness so naturally we chose habenero because for some strange reason I like to sweat and itch my head while I eat.

On top of the guac we ordered a ceviche plate which was good but not great, I feel ceviche is all about the fish the ceviche here seemed like the fish was the secondary ingredient. We also ordered fish tacos and chicken tacos which were both phenomenal!! Can't say enough of the marinades on both the chicken and fish! 

All in all we had a great dinner, only word of caution is that this place can get heavy on the wallet if you're not careful on how you order.
I came here this past Friday night with the BF and our Groupon in hand.  It's not often that we venture out to Society Hill so kudos to finding a reason to visit this part of town.  We got there for dinner around 9ish or so and sat down.  What struck me about the place was how much effort they put into their drinks, particularly their tequila selection (the waitress reminded me multiple times they were a tequila bar).  It's a shame that they don't put nearly as much effort into the food.  But when your bar area is about the same size as your dining room, go figure.

We started with an order of guacamole with housemade chips, the red snapper ceviche, and the queso fundo with chorizo.  First off, the guac is hideously expensive ($9 or upwards for a relatively small dish).  The design-your-own format is creative, but open to some pretty expensive and awful combinations (bleu cheese and crab?  really?)  The ceviche was messy and clunky to eat; the fish was still in really large chunks, so it was awkward when I tried to bring some over to my plate and didn't expect to be reaping such a large piece of fish.  The queso fundo was good, but kind of messy to eat as well.  Also, I didn't realize the chorizo was served ground; I would have preferred small cubed chunks or bigger pieces.

For dinner, I ordered the steak tacos, which looked nice but like the other dishes, was poorly executed.  There was simply too much meat on the small corn tortillas, and I ended up dripping steak juice all over my hands while I tried to eat the tacos.  He got the deconstructed short rib tamale, which looked and tasted way better than my high-end tacos.  Served as a fork-and-knife dish, it was also less messy and awkward to eat and enjoy

Overall, I thought the food was just ok.  Everything tasted pretty good, but there needs to be more thought put into how the dishes are going to be eaten, not just how they look or taste.  Not even my margarita, which was really damn delicious, could save this dinner or my chances of returning any time soon.  Also, thank goodness we had the Groupon because otherwise this meal would have been way overpriced.
I took a date here recently and had a wonderful time. I happen to love michilada (the spiced up beer concoction that Ryan C didn't like) . In fairness it is a bit of a stretch for most beer drinkers, but hey not all Mexican beers are the best and need to be sex'd up a bit. Don't do this with a dark beer and while you can use any lager, I suggest Tecate as I feel this to be the least flavorful of Mexican beers. It is spicy, so all of you out here in PA that refuse to try anything hotter than ketchup should stay away. My date's sangria was done beautifully as well.

So this really is the best Mexican food I've found here in Philly. It is not your Taco Bell/North Border (or what ever the hell that weak ass shit is called) but rather an authentic interior Mexican restaurant. It is a cuisine and this place does a wonderful job of showcasing it's subtleties. 

Oh, if anyone knows of a good Taqueria let me know please :)
I love Mexican food, but sometimes, it's hard to find really good Mexican food. I definitely found it at Xochitl! Th space is beautiful, very catina-like.

The drink menu is so interesting! I wish I could have drunk more! Not only that, but my friend asked for a specialty drink, one not on the menu, and they whipped it up for her.

They make the guacamole at the table. Who doesn't love that!?
this has been one of my go-to happy hour spots for a couple of years. best margaritas ($5!) in the city, a great bartender and delicious apps. (well, let's let the menu debacle of 2010 go.)

i was disappointed that the bartender, eric, no longer works there. he had a great personality and was fun to chat with. plus his margaritas were just the perfect strength! 

last night our drinks were decidedly weaker and i watched the bartender make every drink about an inch below the rim and add more ice. seems like a rip off to me!

the food we ordered (red snapper ceviche- $14, mushroom flatbread- $12) was really delicious but the portions are EXTREMELY small. the flatbread was about 5" long and we got about 1oz of snapper. we bumped into some friends who were headed to lombardi's for pizza because they were still hungry after eating dinner.

bottom line, i really love this place and am happy they have a normal menu again. they need to be less stingy with the booze- i mean, why was i watching them pour with a jigger???? and make reasonable portion sizes. we don't need texas roadhouse sizes, but for $30 in appetizers, we shouldn't have left starving.
This bar was very low key and loungy. My fiance had planned a surprise get together here to celebrate our engagement, and the place was definitely hip, clean, and spacious enough to dance to what the dj was spinning. I didn't eat the food, but I arrived on the tail end of their margarita special, and as a margarita connoisseur, I wasn't all that impressed. After a shot of tequila and spicy tomato juice, everything tasted good. Definitely a fun place for chilling. Next time I'll try the food.
Decent Mexican cuisine in Society Hill.

So there was lots of talk about this place recently with the whole Top Chef thing, but that wasn't my reason to go there for dinner...It's been on my list.

Anyway...it's in a really nice area on a small street close to  2nd and Pine in Headhouse Square.  Its interesting walking in since it splits off into 3 areas.  The first side is the bar area with some table, and on the other side was another area with mostly tables.  Downstairs  is the lounge which i think is very popular, since while we were there we noticed lots of people coming in and just heading straight downstairs.

The menu was pretty decent.  Lots of familiar things, and overall a good mix of ceviches, small plates and a few larger plates of meats and seafood and drinks and such.  However that saying, you won't find names like fajita, burrito, enchilada, etc. 

We started out with margaritas, which were actually really good.  But anything is pretty good with tequila right?  Then we had the "Vuelve" ceviche, shrimp octopus, scallops and oysters, which again was a nice starter.  Very refreshing and well portioned for two.  Next was some baby goat (don't knock it till you try it, goat in general I mean) and the parrillada, which was a mix of chicken, steak, shrimp and duck.  Interesting....my goat was pretty good, cooked well, could have done with some more heat and seasoning.  The parrillada was good as well.  

Service was great, our waitress was very attentive and made some good suggestions for us.

I was expecting something more, but it didn't really live up to all the hype for me.  Not saying I won't go back or it wasn't good, but that besides great presentation of food, nice drinks and a cool lounge, there is better mexican food to be had in town.
Way too expensive for a Mexican place in Philly!

The food is average for a mexican place but you are really paying for the nice society hill location and not the food.

The drinks were watered down and expensive also.

I got the fish tacos and it was about $13 for 2 tiny fish tacos that are not nearly as good as any of the mexican places on washington ave but for double the price.

Others had the Steak for $27 which looked pretty good, but one person's order of a "rare" steak came out completely charred and he had to wait another 20 minutes for it to be remake.


2 stars for our waitor who was very efficient without being intrusive and kept track of the orders for our big group of 14 people.


If you want high end mexican food that is expensive without the food to back it up, then come to this place.  Otherwise, steer clear and go elsewhere in center city, like El Vez instead
I would like to give you a higher score, Xochitl but you left me wanting... Halloween is my anniversary, and every year my partner and I try to go somewhere new every year to celebrate. This year I came across Xochitl's Dias de los Muertos four course $35 prixe fixe menu, and we decided to go! 

Sopas - My partner had the Pozole de Conejo (Rabbit) and I had the Caldo de Gallina y Masa (Chicken and Masa). They were good, but I did not have a single Masa dumpling in my soup... I was a little bummed. 

Antojitos - My partner had the Gorditas Infladas con Frijoles y Queso Panela and I had the Escabeche de Guajalote. I was pleased with my dish, but my partner was not pleased with his. 

Platos Fuertes - My partner had the Carne con Cileajo with blue masa tortillas, I had the Pescado Zapoteco with pumpkin seed mole! AMAZING! We both loved these dishes! 

Postres - My partner had the Crepas de Plantano Macho, and I had the Clafouti de Calabaza. Mine was so / so and my partner only had a taste of his... They were not that great. 

We were both uncomfortable, mostly because we were tucked away in a corner. The service was slow and our waiter did not seem like he was interested in being at work. We are definitely going to go back, but we are ordering from the main menu and we are making sure we have a different waiter / waitress.
I'm disappointed with myself that I never wandered into Xochitl after living in the area for so long. I'm very happy that a friend dragged me inside one night for a few late evening tacos. 

Though I only ate a taco ,some guac and took a sip of his drink (meaning I can't officially comment on the food/drink), I was impressed with the place. We sat at the bar, watch the tail end of a game, and enjoyed the crowd. The place was surprisingly full (at least I was surprised) for late on a Thursday, and everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves. wait staff was friendly, decor inviting - I can't wait to go back!
I came here for happy hour a couple years ago and for dinner on a Saturday night more recently. It's an upscale, romantic place (mood lighting and all..), perfect for a cute date night (when you want to splurge a little) =)

Mexican is always my favorite and I was impressed with my "Amarillo" margarita which tasted like fresh pineapple and was strong. The drinks all sounded amazing, I wanted to try all of them! I think my date had one of the classic margaritas which he also liked. We split brisket enchiladas and chicken tacos. I rarely think chicken tacos are better than other types of meat tacos and I was blown away by the chicken tacos... Packed with flavor! The enchiladas were also delicious and I loved the enchilada sauce. We were too full for dessert! Can't wait to go back sometime...
Cinco De Mayo!

Any excuse to eat Mexican and enjoy Sangria +/- Cerveza is good to me!

I wanted to try someplace new and came across Xochitl.  I was SOLD when I saw that they have tamales (klinda hard to come across).
Made a reservation for two using the open table app.

The place is a bit cramped and there is a downstairs seating area (though I didn't see it).
We were greeted and seated rapidly however it did take a bit of time for a server to come over and take even out drink orders.

I started with the Sangria which was made with tequila.  When I make Sangria it is usually qith gin or triple sec but this was a nice change.  It was fruity and refreshing.  I went to the cervesa afterwards because I love to try new beers and they had a good selection of Mexican beer that I hadn't tried before.

I believe you MUST have the guacamole when coming here.  There is a small card on the table (see pic) and you check off teh things you would like to be mixed into the guac.  So though it is not prepared table side they make it to your liking.

Appetizer: shared the tuna cerviche.  This was a play on the typical cerviche I have had as well.  It was served with thin slices of tuna and seasoned with chunks of onions, tomatoes etc.  It was ok.

Entree's:  Fish tacos and mushroom tamale--both were just ok

There is a bathroom nestled in the corner behind the bar.  This is directly across from the kitchen entrance.  There is literally no room between the bathroom door and the entrance and I was smacked with the kitchen door.  I was a little shocked and the girl who came out of the kitchen did not even apologize!

Overall, I think I would prefer to try another Mexican place or visit one that I have enjoyed more in the past.
I've been here once before, they have since updated their menu.  They now have a tasting menu for $23 per person which includes guac and chips, an app, and one taco, with the option to add ceviche ($9) or dessert ($5).  

When I went, I chose to not do the tasting menu simply because I didn't want the guacamole.  I ordered the empanadas ($7) as an appetizer and the carnitas de pollo tacos ($10)- total $17.  Both were SO good, such an interesting take on Mexican fare.  The margaritas were delicious as ever, nothing's changed there.  Plus, I was STUFFED even without the guacomole. 

I guess my point is, if you want to eat a delicious, inventive dinner and are strapped for cash, you can skip the tasting menu and save a few bucks without sacrificing your taste buds and belly.
Mediocre and overpriced. It used to be great but don't be fooled. Everything has gone downhill here but the prices. 

My party of six waited almost two hours to be served -- after being subjected to a surly hostess, a waiter who didn't take drink or food orders till we got up and found him, and unclean bathrooms with graffiti on the walls. 

The manager gave us a free pitcher of sangria as an apology for poor service, but it was too little too late. Food was about on par with Applebee's but pricier. 

I hope someone saves this sinking ship but in the meantime look elsewhere for upscale Mexican.
I've wanted to go here for awhile now - ever since I saw their sign that said "soup of the day: tequila with H2O croutons." We went for restaurant week a bit ago, and we were surprised to see how tiny it is. We got margs and sangria at the bar for happy hour, and both were very much to our liking.

They have a customizable guacamole option, which we opted out of this time, but it looks really fun! We were fans of the tortilla soup and the ceviche tostadas we had to start. Our entrees were a little smaller than we had guessed, but they were quite good nonetheless. I enjoyed my shrimp tacos. They had a nice background spice that lasted throughout eating them. They were reminiscent of the shrimp tacos at El Vez (which is a good thing!). We got rice pudding and a chocolate flan for dessert. The flan was more firm than we were used to but good as well!
There are a lot of places I visit that I can only describe as a place that "I wouldn't complain if people we are dining with want to eat there, but I wouldn't recommend it to other people".  Xochitl fits in that bucket perfectly.

I liked the atmosphere of this place and I like having a slightly classier place to hang out in Headhouse Sq.  The drinks were good (although I felt the margarita to ice ratio was a bit off for the price... but maybe I was just drinking too quickly) and the food was tasty.  But the price was just a bit too high.   Now I know that people would choose Xochitl over one of the Italian Market tacquerias due to nicer presentation, nicer atmosphere, and (slightly) better quality.  But for $14 for three tacos, I just expected more.  I will say that the "make your own guacamole" is a cool idea, and we tried some carnitas taquitos that were super delicious.  

So to sum it up, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here (unless the prices are dropped), but I did enjoy my meal and had a nice time at this establishment.  I'd maybe check it out again for their happy hour specials.
In a really cute area. Quick service, although my friend and I were there at 5 pm and only about 5 tables were there while we ate. The margaritas were good, but no pitcher options like other similar restaurants. Vegetable enchiladas were good, but it's not as good a quality, again, as other similar Mexican restaurants. Their happy hour drink specials seem good, and would probably go back for those.
I go to this place once a week at least.  Their sangrita tequila chaser makes me crave tequila.  (something I usually don't even drink.)  It's a spicy sweet juicy little tomato juice cup of deliciousness.
Their chicken sandwich on the late night menu is my latest culinary love affair.  I dream about it at night.   The chicken is juicy thigh meat, they spread black beans on the soft fluffy bread, it comes with avocado and summer tomatoes and is accompanied by spicy hot peppers! mmmmmm.  
     You gotta go after 10 to get this though.  
      I love that they also have many veggie options as I am oft accompanied by an herbivore pal.  
The bar staff is fast, communicable and entertaining....
My glass never even gets close to being empty at this place, never am i left waiting, staring into outer space for another cocktail to wind up in my grasp....I am consistently amused and pampered and always leave feeling more super than when I arrived.
This place made me swear off restaurant week. Usually my husband and I avoid busy restaurants on Fridays and Saturdays and opt for a Thursday date night, we have also sworn off Valentine's Day and any other amateur hour/prix fixe/everyone is out type of night. We were still clinging to restaurant week, but have been let down on so many occasions.  Bummer. 

We started off with drinks, and there is something off about the drinks here. I can't place it, but they just taste awful, and we had three different drinks. The worst was the blood orange martini. It tasted so flat and bland and almost watered down. The Pepino, the jalapeño/cucumber/basil beverage should have been packed with flavor, but fell flat with just heat and little actual taste. It was the best of the three. I then tried the cherry grand marnier drink, can't remember the name as recommended by the manager--again it fell flat and though it had been described to me as "sweet" it was not at all. I could taste the alcohol hardcore, but little else. I suspect they are using low quality tequilas and charging top shelf prices, but that's just my theory. 

We placed our order-- guac that we customized, cheese empanadas, mexican flatbread, two vegetable sopas and the churros and chocolate tres leches cake for dessert. Our guac arrived and again, I only tasted the heat of the habanero that we had requested. We also asked for spanish onions, roasted garlic and tomatoes. I have made better guacamole whilst drunk. BLAND city. I even squeezed a lime in it form my drink to brighten the flavor, nothing. It was also way too smooth, like they had a vat of pureed avocado in the back and were just adding things in quickly. The chips also needed more salt. 

Next, we received our entrees instead of our apps. When the guy (not our waiter) put them down in front of us we were all "nope, didn't get apps yet" and he was all ok, bye and left the entrees there. Uh what? The manager did come over and apologize and offer us a free drink for the mistake, encourage us to eat meal in reverse. We did, and it kind of ruined the whole night since we filled up like crazy on the heavy entree. We then waited quite some time for our apps. The empanadas were the only amazing part of the meal. The flatbread had an odd mouthfeel to it, was greasy and again lacked flavor. We waited awhile again for our desserts and our waiter was mostly MIA for the entire meal.  Finally dessert. The churros were not fully cooked. The oil was obviously too hot because they outsides were crispy and brown, but they were pure uncooked batter inside. Gross. This was confirmed by the table next to us, as theirs were also partially raw. The cake was yummy. Subpar meal, bad drinks, kind of crappy service. I did appreciate the effort from the manager, but he has some work to do. Wish I'd tried this place before it changed hands.
This place is quite the find, it was recommended to us by a friend and it is our definitely go to place for all occasions. Best guacamole ever!!! 

The three day prep chicken is my all time favorite dish washed down with margaritas on the rocks or the el pepino, tequila infused cucumber drink with jalapeños and salt. Hits all the senses. 

I love this place and when in philly will always try to get there!!
It was after 10PM by the time we arrived at Xochitl.  Upon entry, we waited for a couple minutes, but we didn't see the hostess.  I flagged down a waiter who was busily moving about with dishes bound for a table downstairs. He informed us that they didn't have a hostess at that hour, but would get us seated shortly.  And indeed he did.

We've been to Xochitl a couple times before.  We had previously returned because it had the best chicken torta in the city, but then that item fell off the menu, no where to be found.  The revamped menu was OK, but not good enough to go all the way out east just for it.  Since we were nearby that night and hungry, we dropped by to give it another chance.  I'm glad we did.

We had the make-your-own guac with Spanish onions, roasted tomatoes, cojito, truffle oil, and a pepper whose name I can't remember.  I thought this was so-so and was missing a little bit of something.  But, this wasn't the restaurant's fault since it was us who picked the ingredients.  Shame on us.

We split the Pollo Frito - a half chicken that was brined for 24 hours, steamed, fried, and drizzled with sweet chile sauce.  It was paired with corn bread and spinach in a chile cream.  The chicken was fried perfectly, with the sweet chile sauce serving as a good contrast to the spicier chile cream of the spinach.  Definitely a repeat to be had.

We also had the fish tacos - achiote lime marinated walu fish layered with mexican slaw and wrapped in house made tortillas.  I'm not normally a fan of fish tacos as the flavors are often more bland.  The flavors of these tacos weren't bland, but just more subtle.  Another repeat to be had.

The only big service miss was that our guac came out late because there was confusion in the kitchen regarding whether we already got it or not (we didn't). 

Overall, a nice comeback Xochitl.
Perfect margaritas and a CUSTOM GUACAMOLE option? Can you just go ahead and give me alll the guacamoles possible? Perhaps in an IV?

First off, do yourself a favor and get black motherf#*&ing truffles in your guacamole. You'll thank me later when you're crying because of guacamole-induced ecstasy. Pistachios are a good choice too. Really you can't go wrong. Just get the custom guac and you'll be good to go.

I visited a couple times while in Philly and got the $2 happy hour bite (quesadilla with crack-sauce), some kind of mushroom pizzette thing with a corn crust, and my friend got street tacos. I am so hungry right now for all these. The margaritas were $5 during happy hour and also excellently prepared. 

Xochitl would be on my top spots for a cute neighborhood and interesting food spots on a return trip to Philadelphia.
I never thought I would give a Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia 5 stars. Xochitl's combination of great tasting food, flawless presentation, awesome ambiance, creative drink list and fantastic service give them 5 stars in my book. 

I came for restaurant week but plan on returning again very soon.
We came here with a group of 6 and this was the group's rating.  The best part was the guac.  Even that wasn't that great!  We all had different dishes. I had the brisket tacos which had plenty of meat but had no flavor and the corn tortillas fell apart.  I think they are going for a fancy street Taco like in Mexico.  Honestly, had my mother in law not given her vote a 5 for her meal the average would have been a 1.  She had the tamale dish.  I recommend this place as a good place for beer and guac, happy hour skip.  For a meal way too expensive for the flavor.
i thought the margaritas were great but the rest of the drinks were not my thing.  (nothing that tastes like cough syrup is ever going to be "my thing")  appetizers were wonderful (oh my guacamole) but they totally lost steam when it came to the entrees.  very adorable atmosphere.  i'd go back for drinks n snacks.
