Our family had such a great time and awesome meal at Yaikatori Boy! I actually never knew what a solid  place to dine it was! I always thought it was strictly a karaoke bar! The downstairs restaurant is family friendly! Sorry I didn't know this all along! 

The menu is really extensive! There's definitely something for everyone, kids included!

We started with some "Japas" aka Japanese tapas!! We enjoyed agedaahi tofu and edamame, then moved on to "Yaikatori" aka skewers. We had they shrimp and shishito, and both were wonderful! The starter that really stole the show however, were the brussels! They were INSANE! Hands down, the bet I've ever had!! My husband and youngest who aren't fans normally, LOVED these!! 

The kiddos had simple avocado and green rolls, while hubs and I dove into some specialty rolls that were outrageous! The 'He Roll' has scorched scallops that gave it an unexpected smokey flavor. The 'Rocket Roll' featured cold lobster salad atop salmon with sweet apple that balanced the wasabi tobiko so well! It was wrapped with black sesame soy paper. So neat!  

We also split the whole grilled bronzini, which is actually a pike fish, and was a steal at just $18! 

We finished, or shall I say, the kids finished the meal with tempura ice cream. They devoured it before we could grab a bite! The mochi flight is what's up for us next time, oh, and the lobster two ways!! Yaaaassss! 

Service from Aaron was stellar and the cocktails and imported Japanese beer were the perfect accompaniment. Shirley Temples for the kids! 

I now know you can order any of this food upstairs for a night out with some singing! Yep, definitely coming back for that!
Just your friendly neighborhood karaoke dealer.

Yakitori Boy's private karaoke rooms are among the best in Philadelphia, decked with flatscreens and cushy furniture. A lively upstairs lounge has a fog machine and laser lights which accent their dark woods.

Their Tuesday night drink specials are especially popular, but no matter the night, it's always a packed house, with a fun, supportive crowd, festive singers armed with liquid courage. Bartender Jose delivers, pouring us sake bombs and shots - even introducing me to Vincent Van Gogh's Double Espresso caffeine liquor.

Go to Yakitori Boy for happy hour, or a bite - try the pork sausage skewers!
Webster's definition of Yakitori is Japanese marinated meat skewers.  However, personally it means an assortment of well-seasoned, perfectly cooked deliciousness on a stick.   Yakitori Boy is a hidden gem, found in Philadelphia's Chinatown district.  We came here on a whim on a cold Wednesday night and were greeted by $6 Martinis, $2.50 sushi rolls and $1 - $3 meat skewers.   

Atmosphere: A- (lounge vibe, soft background music, candle lit).

Service: A (friendly, prompt and ready replace your empty glass)

Food: A+ (Awesome)

A few of my favorite $6 drinks were the Smashed Monk, Lychee Pomegranate and the Saki Tini.

The pork Belly, short ribs, rib eye, chicken skin, Chicken and scallions. , Salmon & scallions skewers were delicious.  

For the more adventurous souls, try the chicken gizzards, chicken liver and the quail egg wrapped in bacon.   

If you're reading this review and it's a Wednesday evening, stop reading, drop what you're doing and head to Yakitori Boy right now.
When I was a little girl, my dream was to become a singer. I would grab my microphone, head to the basement, and sing Cats show tunes at the top of my lungs. I sang Mariah Carey hits with my windows wide open in the summertime. I tried out for singing roles in the plays that my elementary school put on every year. 

Psst: I have a secret. 

I can't sing for crap! 

Fortunately, self-awareness kicked in somewhere around 7th grade, so when I was recently invited to a karaoke party at Yakitori Boy, I got a little nervous. For about two weeks straight, I performed Internet searches such as "easy songs to karaoke to" and "songs anyone can sing." I ended up with a list that included Snoop and Nancy Sinatra. I was doomed. 

The night of the party, I arrived at our (thankfully) private room to see friends already belting out hits from the 90s. It seemed that no one at the party was shy, so I figured I was off the hook. I ordered a martini and sat back to enjoy the show. Said martini was presented in a stemless glass the size of a fishbowl, and when our pleasant server returned to the room, I requested another... and maybe one more after that (they were really good!). 

Liquid courage firmly intact in the last half hour of our time slot, I selected a song and boldly grabbed the mic. I soon realized that I was the only one in the crew who knew the words to Buckcherry's Crazy Bitch. I had to sing by myself with little help from the peanut gallery, but I sold it. 

I may need to write another 400 reviews before I live down the night, but Yakitori Boy was a pretty okay time for a different kind of night out.
This review is for Karaoke only - I didn't dine in the restaurant.  

We came here Saturday night for a birthday party, there were 15 of us and we had reserved a larger private room!  I don't know all the details, but there seemed to be a mix up in the booking process and despite making reservation for the larger room, we were informed they only had one 12 person room available.  After what seemed like forever, we finally took the elevator up to the karaoke bar area.  There's a larger area with a bar and some seats with Karaoke out in the open.  I have to say the general song choices were killing it, but I was glad to be in a private room for the sole reason of less people having the opportunity to hear me sing.

The room was tight with 15 of us, but we made do.  We were given 2 microphones (were informed, this is what everyone gets, nobody gets extras mics), and a less-than-friendly staffer explained to us how to use the song selection machine and how to call for assistance if we want to order more drinks.

The room was ours from 9 PM - 12 PM which at first seemed like it would be a LONG time to be singing Karaoke, but in hindsight - went SUPER FAST!  Mind you, my singing voice is probably equivalent to poor cats trapped in a burlap bag - that beautiful sound that I typically don't let anyone hear, however - I didn't CARE #alcohol! My husband was definitely cringing at times, but everyone else seemed to be loving whatever was happening regardless if I had the mic or someone else did!  Song selection was a bit complicated at times, however their song library seemed endless which was great!  Music videos to music were the strangest things I've ever seen - sometimes they were completely unrelated videos which was almost as much fun as the karaoke itself. 

Overall this was such an amazing fun night!  It wasn't as pricey as I would expect - there were 15 of us, and we spent about $500 for the room, tip, and all the drinks we had during the night.  I would absolutely come back! 
 I will mention, the staff were pretty unfriendly.  A friend of mine had medication in her purse (stomach medication for IBS, mind you - nothing of the "party pill" variety...) which were confiscated before she was allowed to get on the elevator.  Even the waitresses/waiters bringing us drinks were not the friendliest.  

Also - the whole paying-the-check situation was kinda clunky; our waitress brought out the bill VERY close to us having to be out of the room, and therefore we hadn't had it paid before the clock struck 12.  Waiting for her to come back and run the credit card, the staffers started coming in with mops and spraying cleaning supplies aggressively to get us out of the room.  Just kinda annoying...
Let me break this down....

- $2 PER song for Karaoke!!
- Minimum spend to sit at a table - Not enough seating otherwise
- AUTO 18% GRATUITY ADDED IF YOU SIT AT A TABLE - so make sure you check your receipt...cause they list a tip line so you won't see the auto gratuity if you don't look and you will end up double tipping.
- $5 for a Lager!!
- $10 for 3oz of a so/so beef


...there are SO many other places that don't charge you to sing and don't charge $5 for a freaking Yuengling Lager....DANG! Seriously, Yakitori Boy upstairs isn't that nice to be charging like this...meh - going elsewhere to get my singing, eating and drinking on.
I cannot sing and typically dislike Karaoke yet still always manage to have a good time here.

The food is solid and their weekday specials rock.  When it comes to the weekend, check out upstairs and enjoy the show.
We spent nine hundred dollars downstairs for a pre reserved birthday party only to be told our only black friend couldn't come for karaoke because of the dress code.

I'm not sure how it was ok for him to spend his money downstairs only to be be told he couldn't come upstairs when other people in our party were wearing sandals and shorts.

I will no longer be patronize this establishment.  Racially profiling in this day and age based on a loose dress code rule is unacceptable.
Trying to karaoke on a Saturday night here was an incredibly ludicrous experience that would leave anyone flummoxed. The bouncer, flanked by four equally poorly trained customer service people at the front podium, scanned my group's driver's licenses. Their machine did not like one of my friends' ID. Flummoxed, the bouncer called for his manager. Said manager looks annoyed that he has to come down and deal with this. He inspects my friend's license by eye. Equally flummoxed by said license, he resorts to their escalation method when not able to validate ID. He takes out a form-- yes, paperwork-- and asks my friend to fill it out, while he holds on to her license. She is then made to sign the form for I don't know what. A little confused as to the extreme measures to validate an ID, I asked one of the customer service folks at the podium, "Geez, how many under-aged people have you let in here?!" One responded, "Well, we've been fined a lot, so..." So... yeah. After us, someone who did not have a driver's license but had a US Passport was denied entry, because you can't scan passports with their little ID validation machine. All were flummoxed. There is not one day in the week when a driver's license is superior to a US Passport for the purpose of identification validation. Guys, you can use a passport to validate identification, it has the person's DOB and everything. This was a poorly trained front side staff, that poorly handles anything other than a perfect scan of one's U.S. driver's license, if they have one to present.

Once you get past the Berlin wall, the food is decent-- 3.5 stars. The karubi and philly roll were pretty good. And the customer service people behind the iron gates is also very good.

Flummoxed.
Yakitori Boy,With the charm of a pick pocket, leaves feeling violated and embarrassed that you chose this pretentious hole as a way to be separated from your weekend money. $100 an hour just to sit at a table. 18% gratuity to eat the smallest portions of food you have ever seen. Every draught taste like Budweiser, but you keep drinking them waiting for your chance to pay $4 a song while the smoke machine symbolically represents the smoke being blown up your ass, as you realise the true purpose of this place is to get as much of your money before you get fed up and walk out, making excuses to the birthday girl for your early departure.
I love Yakitori Boy but my most recent experience is something I really need to warn others about. I booked a room for a birthday party, made reservations through email about a month in advance, discussed prices (2 hours free if spending limit was reached), their free birthday champagne promotion, etc.

The staff was extremely friendly, the room clean, and the food and drinks were EXCELLENT. 

HOWEVER, when I mentioned the free birthday champagne, the waiter informed me that they would not give it to me unless I had mentioned it when making my reservation. Lucky for me, I had, and I printed out and brought my emails as proof. They thanked me for the "proof", and brought the champagne.

Upon checking out three hours later, I'm not sure if they were hoping to catch us all drunk and unaware, but looking at the bill, they had charged us for 3 hours, when the first 2 were supposed to be free. I noticed, told them it was discussed in the email contract/reservation, and then they fixed the bill.

Long story short, if you make a party/room reservation, do it via email or have the details in print, and bring it with you!! They will try to add on charges later or hope you are too drunk to notice. It was quite annoying on my birthday to have to double check everything they charged me to make sure they weren't pulling a fast one.
Having moved from San Francisco to Philly, I have to admit that I'm pretty darn skeptical about sushi on the East Coast.  Whether this is well-founded or not remains to be seen, but Yakitori Boy made the first step toward convincing me that my wariness is somewhat misplaced.

As we were seated, the sushi chef told us not to worry about what we ordered because "everything is good."  My only real criticism of YB is that we sat at the sushi bar, but couldn't see the sushi chefs working their craft.  I really like it when they have mirrors over the bar that let you see what is going on on the other side.

What we had- and what we thought:
* Edamame - complimentary!
* Miso Soup- dense, but good
* Spicy Tuna Roll- a little heavy on the mayo
* Vegatable Tempura- standard... and good.  Not too greasy.
* Soba- hearty on a cold day with a good mix of mushrooms.
* Unagi Nigiri- super-fresh, and absolutely delicious.  5-stars.
* Spider Roll- again, absolutely fantastic... left me thinking about ordering another.

As a whole, the food was really good, and we didn't even scratch the surface of the menu which, at  Yakitori Boy, is ridiculously extensive.  The prices are in the value-range, which is something remarkable considering the sophisticated atmosphere.  When they get their liquor license, this will be the place to be in Chinatown.

Arigato, Yakitori Boy!
If there is any other place better and more authentic, affordable than this, please show me, because thus far this is the closest thing that reminds me of Japan. The atmosphere is inviting, dark, easy to chat about private things without other people listening because the way things are spaced and the ambient background chattering

The Tuesday special is dollar skewers and 3 dollar sapporos, Wednesday is half off rolls. I don't often come any other time other than if I am renting a room for karaoke. 

I love the private room and friendly services. People are very understanding, say when the TV monitor broke or mic didn't work, they would fix it and add an hour to the time lost for no extra charge. By the end of the night if you are there pass 11pm, room charge pretty much doesn't exist. It's free cause you ordered enough food to cover.

I love this place and is my go to for karaoke and food.
lady gaga
boyz II men
backstreet boys
mariah carey
britney spears

just a smattering of artists i like to mimic when karaoking. clearly, i'm a sucker for the 90s, power ballads, divas, and cheesy top40s.

not only can i belt my heart out in english, i can also sing some of my favorite korean and chinese songs here. from the likes of girl's generation to big bang to jay chou to jj lin, they have it all. 

the touch screen karaoke machines are from asia, so all the "foreign" songs are in english, and all the asian songs are in their own language categories. don't worry, they'll explain how to use the machines if you're not familiar with it.

it's always fun times here when you get a private room for you and your friends. if you go at the right hours, the hourly room rental fees are waived if you spend the equivalent amount on food and drinks. they have details on their website.

food is relatively cheap here, but it can add up pretty quickly, especially when you're ordering yakitori for a large party.

alcohol, however, is NOT cheap. house sake is decently priced, but if you get any type of top shelf alcohol here, it will be SUPER DUPER expensive. a round of 6 shots cost me roughly $100, and those weren't the only drinks i ordered that night.

tuesday nights showcase karaoke specials in the lounge area. it can get really packed though, so be sure to select and pay for your song in advance. once, we got there around midnight and they were already "sold out" of songs for the rest of the night through 2am :(

the crowd is hit or miss. sometimes you catch really good karaoke performances. other times, you'll endure some pretty horrible singing from mic hogs who are clearly tone-deaf and picking all the wrong songs to sing.
Wow what a great time I just had at Yakitori Boy. I never experienced Philly night life but it definitely compares to New York. While the music choices were a tad tame, I had an amazing time at Yakitori Boy. I ate, AND sang my heart out to Drake. Life is definitely good. I ordered a few drinks, they were STRONG. I definitely recommend the yuzu bomb shot to start the night. As for food, I recommend raw oysters and the carpaccio, the sauce for oysters and flavor for the carpaccio were EXQUISITE. I want to thank the managers Jimmy, Carlos, and Chris for being so kind and welcoming. I didn't get my servers name but she's the petite asian with glasses! I can't wait to come back because I really came out of my shell by singing in public with people watching.
Sushi and karaoke in one building? Sign me up please. went to give it a try to start off the Karaoke gathering, and I definitely think I'll be back for many eons.

The people who think the food is expensive are pretty much just haters. I scored 4 well prepared eel rolls, 4 awesome lobster salad rolls, a skewer of addicting chicken meatballs, a bowl of miso soup, and a Sapporo draft for under $20. Throw in the complimentary Edamame and your dealing with solid gold. be prepared to mix and match your meal because they have so many good options.

I'm giving it 4 stars this time around because the meal wasn't without it's kinks. I got double charged for th meatball skewer. and even though they had $3 drafts during Happy Hour I was charged full on. might have been because it was only for a few select drafts, or because it was just for upstairs. But our server wasn't very clear when I asked. But I can picture it earning that extra star in no time flat.

definitely need to give it up for the swank Karaoke lounge. the private rooms didn't look that small, and the lounge itself was stylish. I'll be back so brace yourself for some "Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto"!
I'll start off with full disclosure that I am not a karaoke person, but I can usually enjoy watching others let themselves go.

I like the speak-easy style entry with the very friendly bouncer and the small elevator. I like the vibe that the place was off the map and maybe a little seedy, even though it 's not. And that's about where my likes end.

What I didn't like was the jammed bar, the tables that were the same height as the chairs, the beguiling video interface in the private rooms and the lame selections of music.

I find it too loud and too disorganize to enjoy myself. I will not be going back.
So I ate here for Valentine's Day. The food is really good, especially if you're vegetarian. I found that all of the veggies options were absolutely delicious. It's all tapas style though and it can get pretty expensive if you're not careful.
The staff was really cute and the service was surprisingly attentive for how busy it was.
The only problem I had was with the music. The place seems pretty serene, but they were playing Poison and Bon Jovi.

Here's where the 5 stars come in.

I went to do karaoke last night with a bunch of friends and It was amazing.
I showed up around 10:30 (on a friday) and talked to the bouncer about getting a karaoke room. He said that I needed reservations but worked his magic to get me into one.
I went and sat at the bar while I waited for everyone else to show up. The restaurant side had an Amy Winehouse/Catpower/Fiest mix playing which was definitely more suiting for the place. The bartender was really sweet and kept singing and dancing with the songs (so cute!)
Anyway
So we get up the the karaoke room around 11. The room was a bit small for all of us but seemed cozy at the same time. You can control the temp. in the room which comes in handy after a marathon of Queen songs. They had a good selection of songs but were missing some karaoke classics. To make a drink or food order you have to push a "service" button which feels pretty swanky at times. Push a button, get a drink, push a button, get some tofu.
We had the room until 2 (closing time). There were a few good songs still lined up to play and the people let us finish. We finished around 2:30. Apparently we were the only people still in the building so everyone downstairs and outside heard our final few songs, but we were applauded so it's ok.

I am Japan obsessed and so stoked that I can do karaoke now (yes, even the Lost in Translation songs!)
Check it out if you're not shy. It's definitely a lot of fun.
(The rooms are $30 an hour, beware of that)
Considering my proximity to Yakitori Boy and love for karaoke, I'm surprised I don't come here more often. There are always people smoking outside, with a steady and fairly diverse group of clientele frequenting the establishment.  I've rented a private room with friends, waited my turn to sing amidst the drunk everyone elses at Japas, and I've sat at the bar watching sports games. All the facilities are pretty awesome. The private rooms come equipped with pretty recent music so you can belt the songs the radio has been overplaying. The rooms can get pretty warm but there's a handy button that calls the attendants and they usually come running. I like coming on Tuesdays because they have $1 Yakitori (grilled skewers) and you can feed yourself with like $5 worth of skewers and a $3 Sapporo draft. (Chicken with scallion is my definite fave.) 

Waiting to sing at the bar is another story.   I hate waiting for my turn but it's cheaper to just buy one song. If you don't mind waiting and don't mind listening to the often tone deaf / drunken slurring of other people singing, this might be a safe bet. 

If you're looking for a more low-key environment just to watch some sports, you can go downstairs where they have at least four LCD HDTVs. 

And though I've never gone on Wednesdays, they have $2.50 sushi if you eat in. In fact, they have specials running Sunday through Thursday. Y Boy definitely makes 11th street hopping. I still think it's a little expensive but I guess you just have to pay Center City prices!
I had an all around 5-star experience at Yakitori Boy this past weekend. To celebrate my birthday, I decided to throw myself a karaoke party. I also had the opportunity to dine downstairs before singing my heart out upstairs. 

Dining: 
I booked a last minute reservation for a small group on Saturday and was pleasantly surprised that we received a table in a private room. There was no door to make it fully private, however we were enclosed by three walls all to ourselves. We decided to go tapas style and ordered a bunch of food for the group to share. Our server was friendly and there were multiple people on staff consistently bringing us our food and drink orders as they were ready from the bar or kitchen.

My husband brought candles for my birthday and requested for them to come out in the sushi, since I love sushi and am not a huge dessert person. They were able to accommodate and it made for the cutest arrangement. My friends also requested the traditional dessert birthday treat and surprised me with a huge fire sparkler placed in fried ice cream. 

We ordered a ton of food and I believe the following items made our list:
Spicy Shrimp Teriyaki, Chicken Teriyaki, Edamame, Una Don, Sensei's Appetizer Sampler, Karubi (Short Rib), Lamb Chop, Chefs Choice Sashimi and a ton of rolls. We more or less had at least one item from each section of the menu, and each was good in a different way. The chef's choice appetizer included the chicken meatball, chicken liver, chicken, pork belly and pork sausage. Now I'd never just order chicken liver but since it was there, I figured why not try it? It was a little chewy and salty but I'm glad I had the opportunity to sample it. The sushi rolls got a little confusing as they all came out on one plate and I'm not sure which one was which, but since we were all sharing it all worked out. Like the sashimi I sampled, each one tasted very fresh. Just a warning, there's a green roll and a green river roll on the menu. The green river roll has eel and the green roll is vegetarian. We made the mistake of order the vegetarian roll instead of the eel roll. The rolls are so cheap that there was no harm done. 

We ordered so much food it's hard to give an item by item review but overall, everything was fresh and prepared to order. I also sampled a few drinks off the menu, but the French Sparkler champagne cocktail was by far my favorite.

Karaoke:
Around 9pm we headed upstairs to the karaoke bar to claim a good spot and meet the rest of the group. I was a little surprised how crowded it already was at 9pm. To our luck, the large table across from the bar opened up and we were able to claim it for a few hours before the next group came in for their reservation. Again we lucked out after wards, and were able to get another large table for the group around 11:30pm once we had to vacate the first. If you aren't planning to book a private room, I'd definitely recommend booking a table. I was in go with the flow birthday planning mode so didn't think to plan ahead, but the tables can make all the difference if you are with a large group on a Saturday night. They do have minimum drink spend requirements however we had a large enough group drinking so it wasn't a problem.

I absolutely loved how karaoke was run at Yakatori Boy. In order to put in a requested, you handed your server a slip of paper with your song request, and when it's your turn the microphone comes your way. Not having to sing on a stage/platform made for so much more of a relaxed and fun environment. If you picked a good tune the crowd would generally get into it and, unless you sounded like a dying cat, your vocal skills weren't necessarily scrutinized. 

I guess my group put in a bunch of back to back slips so that was the order our songs came up.  By the end of the back to back songs, my pipes were exhausted and my throat was raw.  However, it was really nice to know they weren't doing some odd reordering of the songs and the songs were really being put in on a first-come basis. 

I also thought the karaoke player itself was pretty cool. When each song played, you saw both the lyrics and the music video. I miss seeing music videos and they were a nice touch. 

Despite the huge crowd on Saturday night, our waitress was very attentive and I feel our group constantly had the ability to place our drink orders and didn't have to wait too long for our drinks to come out. I also thought it was a nice touch that they had a coat check downstairs, and they also let me check my leftovers from dinner. 

So overall I had a delicious meal and a really fun karaoke night out. Dare I say best karaoke in Philly!
Stepped into Yakitori Boy more as a last resort because the dim sum place we wanted to checkout was closed. Inside of the restaurant is nice, with good ambiance. They have a very typical japas menu with pictures of all of the items. The "mini-ramen" was tasty with a well seasoned broth, lots of noodles, sliced daikon and a hard boiled egg. Don't be fooled by the mini designation, this is a nice sized bowl. Shrimp & vegetable tempura had a nice coating but the sweet potato was literally raw and hard to chew. Sushi rolls were average at best and the yakitori we ordered (chicken and short ribs) was nothing to write home about.

The coolest thing about this place is the karaoke bar upstairs something that Philadelphia has seriously been lacking. There's a large main bar where people can sign up to sing and a hallway of private rooms that can be rented. We were shown the rooms and a nice size 8-10 person with 50" plasma tv is $50/hour. Bottle service is provided in the rooms and you get a 10% discount off their prices, I think he said $175 for Stoli and $250 for Grey Goose - expensive for Chinatown.

Overall I'd recommend a lot more places in Chinatown before Yakitori Boy: Vietnam, Sang Kee and Penang are all solid favorites of mine.
Went back to try the Japas, expecting to be disappointed I'll admit, but actually enjoyed it. Since the menu is mostly small dishes you can try a variety of food without spending a fortune, perfect for any newbie to Japanese cuisine.

On a weekday night, the service was attentive and the dishes purposely spread out so we weren't overwhelmed. Overall the food was good, but I'd definitely recommend:
-Tatsuta Age (deep fried chicken, we fought over this and will probably order one for each of us next time)
-Mini Ramen (cheap and super satisfying)
-Green River Roll (eel, avocado, cucumber & seaweed powder)
-Saba Shio Yaki (my fave broiled mackerel, if you like that sort of thing)

The surprise of the meal was that the sushi was good. Most of the maki rolls are $2.5-$3.5 dollars for 3 pieces (they actually served us 4 though!) The yakitori was tasty, but mini sized, so I'll probably skip that next time.
This place is amazing for birthdays when getting a private karaoke room. I've been to several birthdays with a private karaoke room for 3-4 hours and its nice that all your friends aren't lost in the crowd when going out or that it would be too loud to talk to each other. You still have that going out feeling but also still have your group of friends together not to be bothered by guys creeping on your girl friends. 

The weekdays are fun as well at the main bar upstairs. Monday they usually have industry nights. Tues $1 skewers are amazing. Def get the meatballs if anything. Weds nights they have Bacardi mix pitchers which are amazing. Me and my friends usually take rounds and switch up which pitcher we get. 

For a date, its a nice simple place downstairs for dinner and drinks and the food is really good. It's not cheap however. 

Overall, l go here sometimes during the weekday to have a few drinks, a little food and sing karaoke w friends and strangers. The song list is pretty up to date to most places and you'll be surprised what songs you actually find. 

I love this place and have been going here for weekday drinks, birthday and dates for years now.
I was pretty excited when this place opened.  I never go to places right away, but for whatever reason, I didn't want to wait!  You know what? This place is fun.  The food?  It's good at best.  Nothing earth shattering... The actual meats on sticks are alright.  The sushi is pretty good.  The udon and the soba were pretty good, especially with the shrimp tempura.  What's fun is that it's a place for sharing, having 50 plates show up on your table, and trying things you can't at normal places, like tako yaki (doughey balls with octopus in them!).  You just can't get this anywhere else in Philly.

I didn't do any karaoke, but if you want a private "lost in translation" karaoke experience, then yakitori boy is the place for you.  You get your own room, you can get food and drink service, and sing the night away.  

The service here is pretty good and the restaurant is simple and attractive.  It's a nice addition to the Chinatown scene.
This is a sad thing to write but I feel like YB has gone something along the route of other Japanese/bar restaurants that cater to the drunken cheap college masses like Sakeya (ugh.)

Although their sushi bar and chef is still a very solid establishment, I feel like the whole direction of the place is going down the tubes.  Instead of being a place that's known for good food - which is still somewhat possible, if you know what to order and when - it's quickly becoming a place where cheap drink specials is what this place is known for.  The kitchen items were never really memorable and I still think the sushi bar is a gem in the city, and still our spot to go to for sushi.. but..

The specials menu hasn't changed in forever (months and months) and I haven't seen much of anything seasonal in the sushi bar as of late.  We used to come here all the time for the nigiri and omakase, but not anymore.  

Used to be that you would be able to find some Japanese families with kids dining here, too.  Not anymore.. it's become much too filled up with drunken loud people.
I must have been spoiled by the bustling scene of yakitori and izakaya beer houses in so cal because I was expecting something akin to that level of quality. The things I expect when I walk into a yakitori joint are: cheap-ish beer, and they need to Handle their grill and sushi bar. Bonuses include innovative appetizers or small dishes, and good soup-y dishes like oden or ramen for the visits on colder days. 

My favorite yakitori meats are all the organ meats. This place served dried, over seasoned pieces. My second favorite things to get in yakitori form are veggies; theirs were unremarkable and overpriced. The worst part of the visit by far, however, was all the sushi rolls we ordered with any amount of raw fish. The only exception to this was the Mexican roll, in which the raw fish was saved by the spices pounded into it and the copious amount of sauce and chili powder that still went atop that was finally sufficient to mask the not-fresh-raw-fish-smell. The other sushi rolls that came with raw meat either inside or on top were unbearable. Very unpleasant fishy aroma and the texture was mushy and chewy at the same time confirming what the smell alone indicated. 

There is a chance I will return if this is the Only yakitori joint in town, which I sincerely hope is not the case. Our waitress was nice, the hostess was nice blah blah. I honestly can't tell you about the decor or Um, Beyonce (ambience) because I don't really pay attention to things like that. It's just your standard Asian place that is reaching for that trendy crowd from what I can discern. That is also too bad because I miss how cozy izakaya houses tend to be in so cal.
I was really excited to go to Yakatori Boy. I have heard many people talk about it as ...THE PLACE to go to for Karaoke, but I couldn't have been more disappointed. I made a reservation for a private room over a week in advance and when I got there they still made us wait 20 minutes before we could even get in the room. The host staff was pretty rude when I questioned why the room wasn't ready. Once we were in the room our TV didn't work and it probably took at least another 20 minutes for someone to come and pretend to help us fix it. The song selection was awful. No one ever came in to take a drink order for anyone and they were very quick to drop the bill (with gratuity already added) and kick us out. 

Not a fan at all. Not going back.
After a terrible experience trying to meet a group of friends for some karaoke at Tango (see my Tango review for details), I suggested we call Yakitori Boy to see what our options were there since I'd had a positive experience there at a Yelp Elite Event last summer.  The staff at Yakitori Boy were kind and welcoming from the minute they picked up the phone.  I explained the situation, and they said they could have a karaoke room for us ready in twenty minutes. Since it was a weeknight, they had a special where it was less than $20 an hour if you purchased some food/drinks which were going to anyway.  

We headed over and after quickly checking our ID's and taking a credit card for the security deposit (in case you damage the room), we were in the room and ready to go in 20 minutes as promised.  Our server was very friendly and came quickly every time we pushed the button.  We had so much fun singing our favorite songs in the private room. The cocktails were pretty tasty.  The food is just okay, but we weren't really there for the food anyway.  

We originally asked for two hours in the room, but we were having such a good time, we asked to extend another hour.  After checking that no one else was waiting for the room, they didn't have a problem letting us extend.  When we paid the check, I received my credit card back.

The only negatives are that there were a lot of weird drunk people drinking their drinks in the bathroom and blocking the sinks and the stalls.  The front area is like a nightclub, so I guess this can't be helped. Also, some of the songs have the lyrics that are off the beat. It was only a couple though.

I will most definitely be back next time I'm in the mood to sing some tunes.  I was impressed with the customer service here. Thank you Yakitori Boy for saving our evening!
I came here during a recent trip to Philly and was curious to experience karaoke, Philly-style.  All in all, I was not super-impressed.  There's a big, smoky room with a bar / public karaoke area (resembled an 18+ club or warehouse), and smaller, private rooms.  We sang in one of the private rooms. Song selection was so-so; they didn't have several recent songs that we wanted to sing.  Selection system was touch-screen at least, which is good. They kicked us out early (right at or prior to their designated closing time)... most places let you stay a bit later, or are at least more gracious about kicking you out.  

My biggest problem was that they actually had the nerve to try and write in tip on my receipt themselves and sneak it by me without saying anything.... good thing I double checked my receipt and caught them. Beware of the sneaky, dishonest people running this joint.  Come here only if you are asking to be ripped off by fake or hidden charges.  Overall, I was not impressed and would not recommend this place.
Chinatown at night is a seedy and wonderful place usually visited in the twilight of judgement. 

It always feels wet. 

There's something about a place that always feels wet.... 

That's not the whole cake though... there's something else, something that can't really fit in it's flesh... the dirty neon windows, the steam, the sense of misgivings coming from every direction.... 

Its all oddly attractive. 

Either way, error-to-error, Yakitori boy is definitely the biggest shame-spray disaster of a drunken frenzy to be found amidst the filth that Chinatown offers in its open hands. 

You jonesin' to hear six-figures Japanese business men spitting out the best of George Thorogood and the Destroyers until your ears vomit? 

Interested in eating a suspicious melody of skewered chicken organs for a dollar a stick? 

Think its a well idea to serenade your soon to be lover in a private room with a wretchingly-passionate tribute to George Micheal featuring your personal rendition of Father Figure as the closer? 

Done. Done. More than Done. 

Much more than Done.
I suppose any review of Yakitori Boy is necessarily a dual-consideration because it is the living embodiment of Jekyll and Hyde. The karaoke identity of Yakitori Boy is something like Jekyll, the good doctor; the food and atmosphere is the more devious Mr. Hyde, lurking insidiously beneath the well-meaning karaoke-inspired debauchery. It may, indeed, balance out to something resembling moral ambiguity, or at least a decent place to spend an evening, but I'm not sure. 

First, to praise Dr. Jekyll. The karaoke bar on the second floor is impressive, including a large common room with drunk happy hour-goers belting Celine Dion to a crowded room as well as a selection of private rooms which really must be booked in advance. The wait for a private room on the weekends can be a month-long; for a weekday, a week's notice is generally enough. There is a fee involved with the rental, but if you spend enough money throughout the night - which is easily done - then the fee is waived. Our group of 8 or 9 easily covered the tab by ordering a few rounds of drinks and an average-sized dinner for most of us. 

But, then there's Mr. Hyde. Mr. Hyde is the drunken disorderlies waiting to happen, leaning sloppily against the bar and yelling out inane comments to whoever will listen. Fortunately, we in our private room could avoid the mayhem, but what we could not avoid was the food. The chicken skewers were basically the joints in between wings, the thick, chewy, fatty sections that have no meat to speak of. Ordering the sushi was a mistake because no matter how safe we played it - avocado and cucumber rolls - the taste was bland and somehow unappetizing. I'll admit the egg rolls were decent and the chicken teriyaki looked edible, but others' reviews were mostly noncommittal. 

If you're planning an evening out at Yakitori Boy, here's how to make it a 4 or 5-star experience: reserve a private karaoke room; be prepared for lyrics including myriad typos; and order drinks and small, safe appetizers.
You know those people who have an Asian fetish?  They are the only types who love Yaki. You have to be in love to ignore the high prices and water down drinks. 

Karaoke is just not fun here. 
The food is overpriced and the drinks are watered down....but that's to be expected being a Center city bar. 
I seriously do not understand why so many people like being downtown on the weekend.
You have to be a millionaire to get drunk at these places. 
I had a Long Island iced tea and i swear it was 99% ice and about 2 ounces of liquor. A Long Island should never be over $9 Unless it's a top shelf version. Anything more is a rip off. 

Never again. I went here because a group of friends wanted to go. I've been here 4 times all together. 
I'm just not a fan of sushi unless it's all you can eat.
Finally, a Japanese restaurant serving ramen in Philly? Well, it's mini-ramen. Not quite. But full delicious ramen meal or not, Yakitori Boy is arguably the city's first izakaya and that in itself makes it a more "Japanese" experience than many other restaurants in town. 

Izakaya food, Japan's pub-grub so to speak, is more a staple of Japanese cuisine than one might think. A few small servings of dishes such as takoyaki, yakitori, yakisoba, karaage, okonomiyaki, korokke will give you more a taste of Japan than a roll or two at the sushi bars you'll find on every other American street corner. And the ramen... it's small, it's not bad, and I'm overjoyed that they've decided to serve ramen at all. Ramen restaurants are overwhelmingly popular in Japan, and while there are a few popping up in NYC, Philly doesn't have any yet.

The organization I work for, the Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia, has held two events at Yakitori Boy -- most recently a drinking and karaoke party attended by around 60 people. The restaurant was very accommodating and helped make the event a huge success. We rented out the second floor lounge and a few of the private karaoke rooms, and at a reasonable ticket price were able to offer participants all-you-can-drink Sapporo, all-you-can-eat yakitori, yakisoba, karaage, and all-your-friends-can-tolerate karaoke for three hours.

4 stars... because I want more ramen.
Maybe my expectations were too high. Maybe it was an off night. Or maybe I'm just not a Yakitori Boy kind of girl. Whatever the reason, I just felt completely overwhelmed and overstimulated on a recent Friday night. The main lounge was packed wall to wall with wailing karaoke singers, which I totally get is the main point of the place, but it was just too much for me. I got to experience two different private karaoke rooms; one was for a birthday party for a fellow yelper (mazel tov Josh W! and thanks for having me), which was packed but super festive and the second one was a smaller crowd. It's a well-known fact that electronics and I are mortal enemies, but everyone had a hard time trying to figure out how to work the system AND the song choices were a big ehhhh. I'd like to go back during the week and try again when it's not so nutty. What? Did I just say that something was "too nutty"? Holy crap...saki overload for me I guess!
More like Yuckitori! Yakitori Boy has that cheesy club atmosphere that I tend to try and avoid and food that tastes like it's going bad or was stored in the freezer for too long. 

Perhaps it was my expectations (which were high from the excited chatter of my friends who were bringing me there the other night), but I was completely disappointed with the food that arrived at our table. I went with three friends and we ordered a lot. I was famished and by the looks of the pictures displayed on the menu my excitement for sushi and meat skewers were ever increasing. 

That is, until the I tasted it. The sushi was way too chewy and had that strong fishy taste; the flavor of fish when it starts to go bad. The meatball skewers had a fatty taste that made me feeling slightly nauseas afterward, and the agedashi tofu was essentially tasteless mushy fried batter. 

I was so put off by dinner, there was no way I was going to spend even more money on karaoke, which the restaurant/bar seems to pride itself on. Maybe if the food was half the price and I spent the first half of the night singing and getting wasted, I wouldn't be complaining about the food. But the whole atmosphere tries hard to chic without much luck, and the food is a hair above edible. Trust me, not worth the time, money, or calories.
I'm sad glad that we have a japanese izakaya kind of restaurant in this city. We def could use a few more, but yakitori boy is a dependable option if you're craving the likes of yaki skewers, donburi, udons and boxes. They don't have any of the super exotic (pork + spicy cabbage is the most unusual variant) options but have a solid offering of plates. They don't really do anything the best per se,  but it's def a good place to go if you're looking for the variety.

Plus, they have hot barstaff.

The sushi is fresh and they do have quite a few roll options. I'd say they are on the small side, but are totally worth it if you get there for the wednesday half-priced rolls special. We had a few rolls of the spicy/crunchy variety and they were quite satisfying.

The takoyaki was very good- with crispy edges, savory sauce and relatively large chunks of octopus inside.

Whenever we go to yakitori boy, we always get the tatsuta age - aka "boneless chicken finger thingies." They are japanese style fried chicken, which is usually marinated in soy sauce before getting dipped in batter and fried. Tatsuta age has always been one of my fave dishes but it was a bit disappointing the last time we had them.

For dessert, at the recommendation of our hot bartender, we tried the green tea creme brulee. I'm not even a huge fan of creme brulees but this one was awesome. Bf and I were subtly fighting spoon by spoonful for bites of this. The green tea flavor was delicate yet definitely present, front and center.
This review is just for the karaoke/upstairs bar.  Ive been here a few times now, always on weekends.  The bar gets more crowded the later the night gets and seating is few and far between.  There are a few booths that you can reserve in advance--just have to spend $60/hour for your group, which with my lush friends, is no problem at all.  

The song selection is great, with a lot of current pop, hip hop, rap and also classic rock selections.  You have to pay to make a song request and on Friday or Saturday nights, your wait time to hear your song could approach 90 minutes.  Slip the DJ a few extra bucks if you can't wait to share your love of Billy Joel or Britney Spears with the world.

As is typical at karaoke bar, the bar is frequented by people of all ages, and you usually get a pretty wide swath of people there on a typical night.  The drinks are on the more expensive side, but mixed drinks usually have a generous pour and pound for pound are probably the best value.

Every time I have been to Yakitori Boy on a weekend, there is a guy that sings Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On.  So keep an eye out for this guy and buy him a drink.  I was there Saturday and he sang it twice to a somewhat hostile crowd.  He's just trying to share his love of Canadian chanteuses with the work, cut him some slack!
Please note that this review has nothing to do with the upstairs karaoke fun rooms.  Those rooms are a good time and drunken fun.  

Unfortunately  the restaurant is nothing like the upstairs.  The food is not great, and there is very little description on the menu of what you're getting.  Let's talk about my last visit.  I asked the waitress what came in the salmon lover's roll, but consisted of more than the "salmon and cucumber" than she described.  I have no idea what the crunchy stuff in it was (not tempura) and it wasn't good.  The noodles in the udon soup were mushy- they had no flavor and disintegrated in before they hit my tongue.  

Also- file under weird and new- the waitstaff is so quick to clear your table of dishes, that they will take away plates that you are still using (the hand roll was in my mouth, does that mean I'm done with the plate?).  I had to grab my drink out of the waitress' hand because it was still a quarter full, and they took away my dessert before I could finish it.  By that time I was over the whole place.  The place wasn't busy and there were many empty tables around us.

There were some pros: despite the weird impatience thing, the staff seemed nice.  Also, the sushi is tasty if you keep it simple- my yellowtail hand roll was delicious.  The skewers aren't bad if you're looking for a quick and easy bite.  

I've tried Yakitori Boy 3 times now, just in case it all was a fluke- you can get much better Japanese food somewhere else.
3.5 stars rating. 

i went here during the opening week a year or so back. it was still trying out that whole Japas (tapas but japanese style..). it was OK at best, a bit long of a wait for the food, but if you're looking for that talking and dining experience, this is it. 

i went to Japas (upstairs) a few times on different nights. Tues ($1 beer and skewers night), fridays, and saturdays. all nights were enjoyable. the crowd is mixed, which i love because philadelphia can be a bit segregated. i do have one major complaint, which is the bar area. since the tables get filled quickly, the bar is the next stop for people, which they hog and its a bit difficult ordering a drink. but the way to get over that, just ask one of the many servers next to the bar. its probably faster IMO. 

also, the other week, i had one "problem" with the bill. i opened a tab and when closed it, the price was substantially different from my records (i ordered about $24 worth of stuff) but it came out to be $38. this wasn't a big deal since i was at a table with a friend that also had a tab open. we ordered rounds/food for eachother. my guess is that our server just split our sake bombs and put it on my tab (which is totally understandable). i didn't complain or anything, just want people to be aware that it can happen. 

i haven't tried a karaoke room yet, so no real review of that.
I come to Yakatori Boy late at night. Pretty much every time. And every time, we've gotten a room (without much - if any - of a wait), buckets of inexpensive beers, water pitchers filled frequently and quickly, and really enjoyed ourselves belting out karaoke tunes and having a superb time.

I've not tried the food here, but think that might not be the reason to come. I've had a cocktail or two, and remember them being decent - tasty, not too strong. The beer selection is standard - not a lot of crafts or small brews, but at the time of night I've gone, it doesn't matter much.

The service has always been pretty decent, especially in a scenario where you can't really catch the eye of your server since you're in your own room. Speaking of your own room, the main areas aren't bad to hang out in, either. It is pretty hilarious hanging out with a huge group of strangers, singing at the top of your lungs.

Warning to the wise - being in your own room with your own friends might make you sing so loudly you lose your voice. It's happened multiple times to me. But it's pretty worth it.
I had a real moment with those bacon-wrapped quail eggs, I'm sure I probably made some creepy face of enjoyment. Embarrassing stuff, weirdy. They're really good though...

 That tatsuta age is some crispy delicious fried chicken. I love that spicy sauce that accompanies. Tako yaki, those octopus balls are like mini octopi corndogs, in a good way, of course. Most favorites were the bacon wrapped quail eggs, (I know, I mentioned),  the chicken meatballs, chicken scallion....ribeye...squid legs...pork belly...salmon neck. Ooh, salmon neck is goood; perfectly cooked, moist n meaty, crispy-crispy salmon skin...just watch them lil neck bones! Don't forget to eat your vegetables. Eggplant, corn, mushrooms... It feels a bit funny to get one asparagus spear though. Good.

 Look, those mushrooms, I know that they're just grilled mushrooms but they're great in this simple mushroomy way. Take it from me, Mushroom McGee.

I would recommend that you order just a few skewers at a time cause at times many arrive at your table at once and you don't want those gettin cold on you. Also you may, possibly, need an extra table to hold your feast. You'll make a spectacle. 

34 ounce "Godzillas," of Asahi beer for 7 bones feels like livin too!

We had a great time at this Izakaya style yakitori wonderland. You really can sample a variety of skewers for a reasonable price... but we really made animals outta ourselves.
Ok, this review is primarily for the karaoke lounge on the second floor.

As of 2/10/08, they got their liquor license, so note that only the people over the age of 21 can go upstairs, and yes they will card you (they carded me, and I *never* get carded). I don't think it's BYOB anymore since they provide liquor. Drinks start at about 5 dollars (for draft beer). Their special martinis are 7-10 dollars or so (the lychee martini was good!). And of course they offer sushi and other japanese dishes. 

The lounge is a decent size... fits around 40 people or so. They offer the full restaurant service if you wanted to eat anything off their menu. The lounge is a public area where they have public karaoke that you can sing for a dollar per song, so you can either show off your Kelly Clarkson or William Hung skills. 

There are 8 private rooms available of various sizes: 6 people (3 rooms), 8 people (2 rooms), 13 (1 room), 15 (1 room), and their largest room fits 20 people. Prices range from 30 (for the smallest room) to 70 dollars per hour. Price goes up in 10 dollar increments as the room gets larger. If you come during their happy hour special (Sun-Thurs 5pm-9pm), the rates are half off. It's worth it if you have time to karaoke during the week. Reservations are highly recommended... the weekends are usually booked. 

Now, their rooms are pretty nice and clean. Seats are comfortable, and there's a thermostat so you can set the room temperature. Unfortunately, the rooms aren't soundproof for the conscious singers. Their sound system is great, and it's really easy to control the mic/music volume since it's all labeled on their receivers. 

Songs are available in Chinese, English, Japanese, Korean, and Filipino. They have mostly Chinese, English, and Japanese, but if you wanted more Korean songs, they can actually set it up for you since they have a separate hardware for that. The interface is relatively easy to use with the provided remote control, though there are some confusing aspects of using the remote (you have to hit the "enter" key to go "back" on the menu). It's available in English, Traditional and Simplified Chinese. You use numbers to choose options from the menu on the little monitor. You pick songs by artist, title, language, etc. You can also change the queue order of the songs, delete songs, and whatnot. And of course you have the option of turning on/off the original singer's voice (on most songs anyway.... some of the songs don't have any singer singing it). The menu's displayed on the 15" LCD and the songs are projected onto a 37-40" lcd (if I calculated the size correctly).

Song selections are pretty decent. They have lots of old and new songs from various popular singers in many languages. There aren't that many new songs though, and I'm not sure how often they update the songs, if at all. 

Service is good. They kept on asking me if I had any questions on how to use the karaoke and they gave me a little tour of the place (although I suspect my mentioning of reviewing the place had something to do with the extra nice service, hehe =D). At any rate, the people who work there are very friendly and can communicate with you in English or Chinese. There's a service button in every room. All you have to do is push it, and the waiters can provide you with food and/or drinks while you're singing your heart out. 

Overall, I'd give this place 4.5 stars, but since I can only use whole numbers, I rounded it up to 5 stars. Great atmosphere for both public and private karaoke, service is great. Just that it's a bit on the pricy side and it could use some more updated songs (their newest Chinese songs are about a year and a half old). Other than that, it still has a great selection of songs to choose from, and a great atmosphere to sing your heart out.
This is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've eaten at outside of Japan. I love Japanese food and I love tapas, so Japas (Japanese tapas, haha) is totally up my alley! 

When you walk in, you get the impression that this is just another Asian fusion place with fancy decor and high prices. The menu, however, is pretty extensive and the prices are very reasonable.

My fiance and I hold a very special place in our hearts for a yakitori stand near my parents' place in Japan. It's in a random alley, which gives it even more charm. Fiance's favorite is chicken ball, so he has pretty high standards...well, Yakitori Boy's met them! The balls here were about twice as big as the ones in Japan, but they were just as good. In fact, a few skewers of those with some rice would have made a good meal!

The shrimp tempura was very good as well; not too much tempura batter. 

I had a hankering for ramen, and their mini ramen was perfect. It was small enough such that I wasn't bursting full after one bowl, but big enough to satisfy my craving. Their salmon was okay (half a step below Vic Sushi's salmon), but their uni was a little strange. This was the second time I had uni, and I'm not sure if it was supposed to be as...juicy as it was, but it was slimy. =( Minus one star for that.

Our bill was pretty decent too...we ate a TON and the bill was $50. My favorite part of the experience was the service though. Our server, Jake, was very attentive, even with various other tables around us, and we even had a guy in a suit come up and ask us how we were doing.
yakitori is one of my go to place for happy hour.  They have great daily specials so you can never go wrong no matter which day of the week you go.  My favorite specials however are the $1 yakitori skewers on Tues and $2.50 sushi rolls on Wed. Also love the $1.50 shell oysters and $2.50 oyster shooters on Thurs.  The 6 bucks lychee martini is also delicious, not too strong or watered down in any way.  So good that it may just sneak up on you. 

I also came here with a group of 10 people with reservation and we had the table in the private area.  It was for a birthday celebration  and the service, food, and drinks were on point.  

This place is perfect for group get togethers, date night, or simply mon-fri happy hour.  It's not too expensive so overall one of my favorite!
NOTE: Added extra star after having utilized this place for its true purpose - the private karaoke rooms. Genious!!
**********************************************************************
After reading a pretty cool write-up about this place in the Inquirer we decided to check it out tonight. We were the only people there - but then I remembered it was restaurant week so most people were flocking to the big names (however, I think we got the best deal at $45 for two including tax & tip!)
The whole meats on sticks thing was straight out of something I saw on Anthony Bourdain or one of those shows - chicken wings, skins, gizzards, etc. But the sampler platter was perfect for the timid westerner and we liked everything except the bacon-wrapped quail eggs - though I could see how some people would like them. The Ramen soup was awesome - very reminiscent of one of my favorite places on earth, the Wagamama chain in London. We didn't get to check out the private Karaoke rooms but I could see how they would make for a fabulous party, very "Lost In Translation" style. Definitely a cool addition to Chinatown.
Just left this spot. We celebrated my best friends bachelorette party here about 2 hours ago. Overall, it was a good experience. They didn't care that we taped a banner to the wall. The room was clean when we arrived. The server brought out drinks quickly. He handled the bill well at the end of the night.
The music selection was pretty good. Some of the songs sounded weird with unusual and offbeat vocals but overall, the range was great.
My biggest critique is the alcohol. THEY WATER DOWN THE DRINKS!!! I had 4 shots of Patron and felt not even the slightest buzz. Mind you, I'm 110 pounds and didn't have much to eat. Do not go here to drink. Just go to sing and have fun. Arrive already drunk from a BYOB not far in downtown philly.
I had such a blast at this place last night.  It's super cheap and super fun.  I'm used to having to wait till I visit friends in LA to get to do private karaoke but finally the same style is in Philly at a reasonable cost.  I paid $15 an hour for a nice 6 person room which is so cheap.  The specials they had ran from Sunday-Thursday I believe so most drinks and the rooms were half off.  The waitress was awesome and let me know of a new roll called the farmers roll when she found out I was vegetarian.  My reasoning for the 4 stars was that the song selection is a little strange to navigate.  I'm used to looking up in a book song names and entering a number.  I'm sure i'll get used to it though as i'll definitely be coming back.
The beer is expensive, there's no weekend drink specials, the smoke machine makes it smell like a high school play, karaoke song slips cost $4 if you're not in a private room, and if you don't spend $30 per hour at your table they drop your check and tell you to leave.

tl;dr: This place sucks. Avoid it.
After my second time reserving a karaoke room for a celebration with friends, I have to say this place is awesome! Perfect for whatever you are celebrating! How could a private room with sing a longs, your own personal service team, tasty Japanese food, and tons of booze be a bad thing? You're right, it cannot. 

For a group of 10 annoyingly loud and drunk people (yes this is what this place will do to you and your friends) the servers are all really nice, and also really fast whenever you press your little bell for them to come and bring you more booze/sushi. More than one time during the night I thought to myself, probably when my friends and I were screaming the lyrics to Hit Me Baby One More TIme, this must be the absolute worst waiter job on the face of the planet. But these people hold it together and don't judge (to your face). They are professional and good at what they do. Which is provide you with an awesome place to party. 

The food is decent, but certainly gets the job done. It is definitely not the best Japanese food I've had by far, but it goes really well with the atmosphere, and there are a bunch of fun snacks and meals you can eat while singing and drinking away the night. 

I don't think we drank anything but sake bombs, but the prices for everything was great, and there were certainly a lot more options than what we ordered. Pro tip, if you're going with a large group of friends and just want to have sake bombs all night (like us) order the large cans of beer (Ashai I believe) with carafes of saki instead of getting the "mixed drink" version for $5. It is much better, and more economical. 

Being the party organizer both times, I can say that when you are done with your reserved time in your room, you are not rushed and are given a good heads up for "last call." The server in charge of my room both times was very helpful when we were splitting the bill. Another pro tip - if you want to have a larger room reserved for a Friday or Saturday night, call at least 3-4 weeks in advance. Also, if you are  flexible and can have your party on a weekday, the room charge is waived (as long as you spend a certain amount on food/booze - you will), and it turns into a wildly affordable party. 

For me, this place is a come here once in a while to celebrate a special event type place. It is wildly fun, and every time I go we just let loose and have a great time! Highly recommended!
This was my email to a manager who gave me his card told me to email him so that he could bring it to the other managers. I emailed him on Friday and it is now Tuesday and I have yet to receive a response.                                                                My friends and I visited the restaurant for Center City Sips. We were "greeted" by the bartender. We don't know his name because he never introduced himself. If one of us ordered something, he would rush over to the POS and put in the order and continue to stand at the other end of the bar. For the seconds that we did have his attention, after we asked for something, there would be no acknowledgement of an "okay" "sure" "no problem". It was a really strange experience. By the end of the night my party and I left, but I and one of my friends decided to return. We ordered drinks and the bartender comes over with the bill telling us we owe $14.00. I reminded him that we had been in these same seats all of five minutes ago and had just closed out our bills with drinks and food on them. There was no need to tell us the price of two drinks when we clearly had spend much more than that five minutes ago. He tells us that we either have to close out every check or he would keep a card for the open tab. My friend gives him her debit card and tells him " yes we'll just keep it open". The bartender returns with a pen and a receipt showing that he closed the tab. When he was asked why he didn't keep the card, he tells my friend that she told him to close out the tab. He begins going back and forth about what was said instead of apologizing for the miscommunication and notifying his manager. We tell him that his attitude the entire evening had been cold and uninviting. As someone that has been a bartender, server and even managing a restaurant franchise, I find it strange that a person with such a flat affect would want to work in food service/hospitality. He then tells us that we did not have to come back after we left and that there was a bar upstairs if we did not like his service. We finally asked for the manager, Carlos, who was very professional and handled the situation very well. He cancelled the payment and reopened the tab with the debit card to keep open. Instead of him reaching out to Carlos and asking him to do that, he decided to be a jerk, for lack of a better word.  The entire staff there had been polite and hospitable except for this one person. This was bot my first time there by any means, so We were offended that this was even happening. But on the other hand, If this was our first times there he would have given us a very bad first impression.

Sent from my iPhone
I went back here recently and we got my girl Jenna the best sushi waitress in town.  She told us a lot about the food, like the main Sushi chef is actually from Japan which is kind of rare in Philly.

My friend  and I got a load of Japas and they were all very good.  Especially Tako Yaki which I've not had since i was in college living with Japanese girls.  So yummy.

Again I was a bit underwhelmed by the sushi platter I got but we agreed that if I ordered these things a la carte rather than a platter it would have probably been better.  

Again, everything is so inexpensive, one of the most expensive things on our tab was the two bottles of sparkling water
I totally stumbled upon this place in Chinatown when trying to grab a drink before dinner. The interior is much nicer than the entrance hints at. It's dim, cool, quiet and sleek. Our bartender (I believe her name is "Jo" and she's Australian) was friendly, accommodating and funny. The bar selection is great (I can't always get my Campari or Pimms) and the cheap sake bombs at happy hour really hit the spot - like a little explosion of winter in my chest. 

Jo also took us upstair to show us the private karaoke rooms. Now, I DO NOT sing, and I certainly don't sing in public, but this rooms (in different sizes, depending on your group) about had me convinced that karaoke was exactly what I wanted to do the next time I rallied a bunch of people too go out. Half-price Monday through Thursday! 

Definitely going back here.
This is a review of the upstairs karaoke ONLY. 

I booked a 6-person room for 2 hours (which ended up being 2 hrs 15 minutes due to some telephone trickery with the reservation staff; I called to inquire about room availability on a saturday and they claimed that they only had one room left but it was from 5-7:15. i assumed they were helping me out with the extra 15 min or that it was some sort of standard added time. i was wrong and ended up being charged $12.50 extra for the 15 minutes. but i digress.) to celebrate my 30th birthday. We arrived 15 minutes early because that's what you do when you have a reservation.  The staff behind the host stand looked super annoyed that we were there early and in general, seemed very indifferent to our existence. They made us sign a waiver and held a credit card for incidentals, you know in case we decided to get drunk and hurl a microphone at the karaoke screens. They then escorted us up to our karaoke room. At first glance, it was pretty cool. The karaoke selection was a touch screen and it had many different languages, songs, and artists to choose from.  The actual function of the karaoke selection was a bit more complicated than it needed to be but after 15-20 minutes of playing around with it, we basically got the idea. I liked that we could queue up songs on a list and then just push play and keep it rolling. Our "waiter" was okay, though we only saw him once or twice at which point he was quickly replaced w/ a completely different waiter who did not introduce himself. Ok. Moving on, the food itself at Yakitori Boy is always great for me so I have no complaints about that at all. I do have a complaint about the fact that during the waiter change, my beer order was forgotten and I had to ask for it twice. If you've never done karaoke before, you must know that 2 hours goes by pretty quickly and while the service was pretty crappy considering the food prices and price of the room, we did have a wonderful time. As expected, the host staff didn't even glance our way as we exited the restaurant. They obviously didn't care about our business and that's great, because I probably won't be going back to Yakitori Boy again, unless they have a great Groupon or Living Social deal that I can take advantage of. I will most certainly be going elsewhere for my karaoke needs.
This is my second time here.

I like it enough that I would come back. I wish they had their own parking venue, because this area is super congested... and parking is a pain in the butt. 

I appreciate the heating vent upon entry, very much. The hostess was very informative. The elevator was out of order, so if you can't climb steps, you are SOL.

Upstairs, is kinda creepy looking until you get to where you're supposed to be. For a table in the lounge area, you have a price minimum of $60. 

The rooms... tuh, try a whopping $650. Way too rich for my blood.

I wasn't really impressed with the drink menu. After looking it over and seeing nothing that caught my eye, i ordered a extra dirty martini... only for the waitress to come back and tell me they ran out of olives and olive juice. Way to kill my vibe.

The food menu, eh. See i only eat vegetable sushi, so my choices are limited everywhere. I've seen a better selection myself. Pricing ranges from about 2-6 bucks. I ordered Japanese sweet potato tempura. Again, ehhh. It didn't look like what was pictured on the menu. It was just ok.




 I like that they had karaoke (btw it's $5 for your choice of 3 songs if you want to join in).
Yakitori Boy, for those of you who haven't lived in Japan, is essentially an "izakaya" - a restaurant serving small meals - like tapas - in a setting designed to be attended with friends. In Japanese, the characters in the word "izakaya" include the character for "sake" - so usually the goal is to eat and drink until you're happy!

I took a group of about 16 on a Saturday night in January. We were generally impressed, and very few of us were there for the sushi. (There were two friends of mine visiting from Tokyo and another three - including me - who were excited for the idea of "izakaya" dining in Philadelphia.

The few sushi dishes that were ordered were actually very well prepared, and the okonomiyaki was excellent (although I still prefer it from the lunch counter at Maido). The takoyaki was perfect - too perfect, maybe, for a food that's meant to be a festival food booth treat. The yakitori was well priced, and definitely cooked properly.

Biggest issues were: (1) the lack of a liquor license, which was easily solved by running to the booze store on 12th street (there's also one on Chestnut around the corner from Lolita), and that definitely kept the cost of dining down - it will be interesting to see if it's still a great deal once they get their license (our bill was about $25/person); (2) the servers, although friendly, messed up the order a couple of times - having lived in Japan, I know that those little touchscreen ordering panels (like at Wawa) are an amazing boon for izakaya, especially since it's usually large groups like mine; and (3) the fact that all the karaoke rooms were full when we tried to book them.

Biggest surprises: Actually being able to speak Japanese in Philadelphia with the staff of a restaurant; the fact that the girl who runs the karaoke upstairs went to the same university in Japan that I went to/taught at; and, sadly the fact that I have now have to redo my business plan I've been trying to propose because someone already beat my idea for an izakaya in Philadelphia with karaoke booths and took the location I wanted. Oh well!
It can be fun karaokeing with friends at Yakitori Boy, but the private rooms are really small and it can feel like you are crammed in there. The songs selection is on par with other karaoke joints, and the food is okay. Be sure to make reservations ahead of time for a private room, there may not be availability for last minute walk ins.
The lights are awesome!  Sure the sushi is good and karaoke is fun, but I really enjoyed the mutli-colored lights that sweep across the upstairs bar are and mix with the mist to create some really cool effects.  A couple times I got lost looking at them and totally zoned out of the conversation.

In all seriousness though, this place is great.  I've had one of the private karaokes room with a group which is tons of fun, and I recently was there on a thurs night for a young alum happy hour.  $3 hoegardens... karaoke projected on screens above the bar for all to sing along to (and for those with the mike to sing most loudly)... good space for mingling.

I stayed for dinner and sampled the sushi - awesome.  Miso soup, shrimp tempura, green river roll, and dragon roll were all fresh and yummy.

Yakitori Boy might not like me for my rendition of Mariah Carey, but I like it.
I thought this place was great. 
I didn't think it was expensive, meat on a stick for $2 is pretty good.
They have a large menu which was very reasonably priced. 

They gouge you with booze prices, but the pours are good. 

Lets call a spade a spade here. You can bitch all you want about this food not being up to global meat-on-a-stick standards but this is Philadelphia,  it is really hard to eat out in Philly after 10p on a weeknight, there have been MANY nights when I drove around with my little friend looking for any open restaurant that wasn't one of the ones we usually go to.  

And as far as the quality of the food, a lot of the places in chinatown are terrible, I had no complaints about the meal. So on the adjusted scale of asian food (all food actually) in Philly you gotta give it 5 stars. 

And this place is open till 2am!!!!!! on a Tuesday!!! Shit pal I'll go here instead of eating at the standard tap for the millionth time!
If I had to eat one country's cuisine only, for the rest of my life, it would be Japanese food.  I've been to Japan a few times and always find some new favorite.  So when Yakitori Boy opened, of course I had to check it out.... 

My friends, this is the real deal.  Aside from the translation issue of  designating every grilled item a "yakitori" (yakitori really means just roast chicken), and some fun but non-traditional sushi rolls, the flavors are authentic and delish.  The sushi fish is always fresh and flavorful.  The menu has some more well-known dishes (tempura, ramen) and some authentic, less-Americanized ones (agedashi tofu, roasted mackerel with salt... mmm good stuff).  The daily specials are excellent-- so far I've had monkfish liver, yellowtail neck (YUM!), and a special octopus sashimi, and they were all amazing.  And they have tako yaki!!!  For those who don't know, you must try it, now!  

I've been to Yakitori Boy 6 times now since they opened.  Sometimes with large groups, sometimes for a romantic dinner for two.  The food, service, and experience have been outstanding every time.  Price-wise it's reasonable, especially considering the high quality of the food.  

Thank you Yakitori Boy, for bringing a little slice of Japan back to Philly!
Five stars for excellent service and food quality!

I came to this restaurant with family over the weekend and my boyfriend and I were told that they had amazing Japanese food! Our family booked a table beforehand and we were sat down immediately after we arrived in the restaurant. I was intrigued by the night-life and dim-lighted decor of the restaurant.It was unlike any other Japanese restaurant I've ever been to. They have  a karaoke section upstairs and a mini sports bar.

The menu had a variety of yummy and exciting Japanese dishes to try.. We started and ended off with different types of dishes. All of which were amazing! We tried over 10 dishes, so to make this review easier to read, I will review my top 5 favorite dishes from our dinner.

Takoyaki: I'm a huge fan of these deep-fried octopus balls! We really enjoyed the takoyaki that we ordered two of these dishes! Takoyaki was dressed up with bonito flakes, Japanese mayonnaise and special sauce. The texture of the takoyaki was just excellent! Rich, crispy, and crunchy goodness on the outside and rich, creaminess on the inside! Never really had octopus balls that were so crunchy on the outside. This was one of the BEST takoyaki I ever had and trust me, I've had a lot!

Brussels Sprout: Not sure if this was on the menu, but someone ordered it. Any ways, I never really was exposed to Brussels sprouts before. However, once I tried it I loved it. We had a small bowl of stir-fried Brussels sprouts which were absolutely delectable! I really enjoyed it and I wished we ordered more cause I couldn't resist the absolute yummyness!

Jimmy Rollins Roll: I never tried a sushi roll that was the name of an athlete before, so this was quite interesting. So this interesting roll consisted of: Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura with a lobster salad on top and eel sauce. I was afraid the sushi would be spicy, but it wasn't. It was well composed and everything in it tasted great! 

Yakitori Combo: I've never really had yakitori much at Japanese restaurants, but we ended up ordering it. Our combo consisted of: chicken gizzards - which were crunchy and yummy, broccoli & sausage, some type of fish ball, pork belly, and grilled chicken. All of these were great tasting!

Grilled Yellowtail: This dish was huge! I'm not a big fan of fish, but something about this dish with this fish was amazing and truly wow'ed me.  The meat of the fish was cooked to the right texture and tender! . I wish we ordered another dish of it because one giant piece didn't seem to be enough for the 7 of us!

We tried a heck lot more than this. but these were my favorite foods that we tried at Yakitori Boy. I highly recommend trying this restaurant when you stop in at Philly because the food here is just top-notch and the service is quick and on point! I would most definitely like to return here again with my boyfriend to enjoy additional dishes that we weren't able to try before.
This is going to be a long review, so before i start here is what you will need to know. Yakitori Boy is a Japanese Tapas, or as they call it "Japas" restaurant. It is highly affordable because of this. It is beautiful and modern and features a second floor seating, bar and karaoke set-up. Now on to my review!

For months I have walked by an intriguing new restaurant going up a block from my home in Chinatown. I read it's license app in the window and found out it was to be called "Yakitori Boy." I immediately thought of the amazing japanese skewer (Yakitori) restaurants my girlfriend and I have had the pleasure of enjoying in NYC. I would walk away, anxiously awaiting this new restaurant to open.

Finally, the sunday before Christmas, my girlfriend noticed banners and a traditional Chinatown blessing ceremony at the Yakitori Boy. YES, would it live up to our lofty expectations?? We weren't going to wait to find out. That evening we walked up and asked, "Open for business?" Two well dressed men standing outside welcomed us with open arms, proclaiming, "You are our first customers!" They had done a soft opening earlier in the day and the sleet and high winds were obviously keeping people indoors. 

Once inside, we were blown away by the clean and modern aesthetic,, as well as the popular american music playing over the speakers (these are somewhat hard to find in Chinatown). We entered as the first paying customers at Yakitori Boy and were greeted by a large round of applause by the entire staff. Something that two young, hipsters are not used to at restaurants. We were sat in a very private booth with japanese drapes hanging over the entrance to the booth, which added to the private and romantic feel. The multicultural wait-staff were all very attentive and pleasant. 

We ordered the SEAFOOD PANCAKE, a mix of fresh seafood, veggies and batter that is fried till it is delicate and then topped with a mix of dried bonito flakes, a hoisin dressing a special mayo. Our Japanese friend had introduced us to this dish in NYC and it exceeded expectations as it was lighter and tastier than those we had eaten in the past.

For the second course, we had an assortment of SKEWERS. We ordered the Chicken, Chicken Skin, Rib eye and Salmon and scallion. Each skewer was served with a lemon wedge, which to my surprise really brought out the individual flavor and personality of each of the dishes. Once again, AMAZING.

They have a huge assortment of sushi and specialty rolls as well, and I had to try the spider roll, as I can tell alot by a restaurant's spider roll. The soft shell crab tempura was crisp and fresh and the textures meshed beautifully with the rice and other elements. 

Tapas are a funny creature, you have to give them a minute to expand in your stomach before you order more. I say this because we ordered more food. HA. We noticed $4 "mini" soba noodle dishes on the menu. We had to try them. Let me say, these were NOT mini. They were an amazing value at $4, and very filling.

WHEW! All told we had an amazing dinner and great experience in an amazing atmosphere for UNDER $40.

Highly recomended!
The karyoke and the interesting cocktail concoctions are the only things I can review - and both were spot on! The rooms, though expensive are perfectly set up for the fun, singalong kind of karyoke. And the aloe-tinis (thanks to Marissa M.'s suggestion) were to die. I felt healthy while gettin drunk, what can beat that.
I am one of those special people who has not one, not two, but three "Karaoke Songs." These are songs I have selected that are within my voice range (no matter how many drinks I've had) and are crowd-pleasers. Needless to day I have been to Yakitori Boy multiple times, and I may or may not have a reputation among my friends as a mic hog. Oops. Just tried the restaurant so I thought I'd review!

UPSTAIRS
5 stars for upstairs-both the rooms (although, watch out these can get PRICEY,esp with those $5 sake bombs) and the regular karaoke bar ($5 for 3 songs, 2 mics, crowd varies) are AWESOME ALWAYS EVERY TIME.

DOWNSTAIRS
I've always ordered some small bites but never came for full dinner, so I decided to try Yakitori Boy for food last night (Groupon in hand, or course). I've been to a a few Izakaya's in New York and Japan, and always thought Philly kind of lacked that scene, but....here it is. Probably between 3 and 4 stars here. Not the best, but pretty good, and all we've really got, so beggars can't be choosers. Prices and portions were reasonable (even without the Groupon).

3 of us split (in order of recommendation)
--Mini Ramen ($6) w/ pork broth-pretty big, very good, full of stuff and not too salty.
--Tako Yaki ($6)- octopus in fried dough. Gooey, awesome, and delicious.
--10 piece Chef's Yakitori Combo (10 pc $15)-Great way to try lots of things and most were very good! Liked the chicken, meatballs, and chicken heart, thought the pork belly was pretty salty. Could have done without the sausages. A bit awkward to split b/w 3 because it was 2 of each stick, but we managed.
--Fancy Special roll who's name I can't remember ($12)-VERY GOOD. Not that spicy though. It had cream cheese and a buncha stuff in it.
--Pork Gyoza($5)- you can't really mess these up. They were decent.
--Shrimp and Veggie Tempura ($7) Only 1 shrimp and no sweet potato? Lame.
--Oyster shooters ($2.50)- I liked the sake and lemon taste, but otherwise meh.
--Spicy Toro Roll ($4)- more meh, not that spicy, and tiny.

TIP: Check for daily specials- Thursdays are $1.50 oysters, $2.50 oyster shooters, $3 Tiger bottles. Tuesday $1 skewers, cheap sushi Wednesdays, and cheap sashimi Sundays.

OVERALL: Definitely recommend upstairs, anytime, always, and recommend ordering food if you're up there, but I wouldn't come out of my way for just the restaurant unless you're really craving stuff on sticks and mediocre sushi.
My friends and I came here just for drinks and would highly recommend. We absolutely loved our waiter, didn't catch his name but he had dreads and wore a bandana. He had a great sense of humor, recommended which drinks to try, and always checked in to see if we needed anything.
We got the mojito, guava summer special, and berry blossom, while one of our friends took the suggestion of the Asahi Godzilla. 
All were great! The cocktails literally tasted like juice until you finished it and really started feeling something  definitely want to come back to try more drinks and the food
I don't know why this place only has 3.5 stars because I recurved 5  service and food. 
So the SO and I recently visited Japan and you come back from a vacation, you want to hold onto the memories and look for anything that reminds you of that. 
We were lucky enough to find yakitori boy! Think amazing authentic Japanese food with beautiful interiors and excellent service ! 
We were seated immediately and presented menus, our server was extremely sweet and took time to explain the menu, we ordered the chicken roll, an assortment of robotyaki skewers and spring rolls. 
One bite and we were back in Japan. The chicken meatballs and short rib were yummy! 
You can't go wrong! Bring your friends because they have a karaoke upstairs.
Where else in this city can you go and see a guy who looks like he swallowed a small child sing Celine Dion? Egos seem to be checked at the door here--unless you just have to go after midnight (like I did) when everyone starts to loosen up from the sake. Most of the people that I've talked to went for a birthday party (like I did) but I think it's worth a trip when you're bored from sitting in a lounge where everyone else is trying to look bored. You can duck into a private room for group karaoke but I preferred watching everyone grab the mic around the main bar. It's a fun time here, hands down. We laughed. We cried. A friend sang Weird Al Yankovic's "Just Eat It." No, just go.
Yes...there a many places other then Yakatori Toilet
You got to be fricking kidding....Was here long enough to leave!!!
Visited yakatori boy because of all the great reviews and rumors of celeb sightings
This place is a urinal..As we entered the building with alot of excitement we were 
greeted by the over whelming smell of bleach....The unfinished concrete floor had cracks and divots...The table and chairs are old and smelled of smoke,  The place is very dark ...our guess was it was to hide all the other inperfections.It reminded us of an old basement night club with the smell of smoke, bleach and split beer
We were seated at a table that wobbled because of the uneven concrete floor.The table was dirty and smelled so the server tried to wipe it clean but the cloth she used smelled of old dirty bleach.
The only chardonay was canyon road.. A cheap, sweet $3 bottle 
Unable to order because of the smell and condition of the restaurant my wife and I got up and left like the place was on fire...
Not sure why all the reviews are good..
Take my word and do not waste your time to park to visit this  toilet
The absolute worst place we have ever visited
This was one of the most regrettable dining experiences I've had all summer; I've been regretting every penny I spent here since I signed the check approximately 10 hours ago. What upsets me the most, though, is that people seem to really think this is one of the best things Chintatown has to offer. I am utterly baffled by any review giving this more than 3 stars.

First off, the atmosphere is totally pretentious. Yuckitori Boy attempts to pay homage to the chic sushi dens of lower east side Manhattan, yet embarrasses itself by delivering neither quality nor charm.

The edamame had clearly been defrosted moments before arriving at our table, and I'd be surprised if the agedashi tofu, which was soggy, spongy and borderline flavorless, wasn't microwaved. I'm pretty sure that the 'Chef's Choice' Yakitori platter ($15.00!) contained less than a single chicken breast's-worth of meat, and the sushi, well, reminded me that it was the end of the week. I've had better Shumai from this hip little place I know about called Trader Joe's. I think theirs are frozen too.

I'm praying that on my way to work I'll find a twenty on the ground so I can pretend that my visit to Yuckitori Boy never happened and can stop feeling like I made the worst decision of my life last night.
Wow. Rude managerial staff! Had a reservation for four and they gave the table away!  Luckily they could sear us in reasonable time but that was ridiculous.  Had a groupon and waitress said I could mark as used after she made me fill out this stupid form by hand. The manger came over and kept touching my back and shoulder as he spoke down to me that only he could mark it as used. Uh. Ten dont have your wait staff take the number and instruct people to mark it as used. My brother was two seconds from ripping this guy's head off for touching me. Will not go back.
I had a great time at Yakitori Boy!  Some friends and I met up for dinner and karaoke and we had a blast.

The menu is quite overwhelming for a newbie like myself (soooo many choices :-) )---but the food was great!  Really fresh sushi, nice size bento boxes, delicious pork gyoza, and the sweet potato tempura was bomb!

All of the staff were super friendly and funny.

We had a blast singing and listening to this one very off-tune girl sing.  It's like watching the American Idol try-outs, but better! :-)

Anyway, I can't wait to go back for my friend's birthday :-)
Just a friendly reminder to everyone that Yakitori Boy is not just a one trick pony. No you can sing AND eat there! I've ordered some food drunkenly to a karaoke room before but hadn't been for a full meal in a long time, and I was pleasantly surprised!

Specifically, I recommend going on Tuesday for $1 skewers (!!!) Between the hours of 5 and 7 when you can also double dip for happy hour!

There are 12 different kinds of skewers for $1 ranging from the most basic of palates (hot dog and broccoli), to some normal ones like eggplant, asparagus, chicken, chicken meatball, pork belly, to more adventurous like gingko ball and bacon covered quail egg, and then the really funky ones- chicken liver, chicken gizard, and chicken heart (for anyone who's always up for trying everything, but if they don't eat all of it that only wasted like 75 cents).

Happy hour specials include $6 wine, cocktails, and $5 beers. There are great food specials too like a discounted tuna tataki, hamachi crudo and lamb chops. I always get the takoyaki too- is fluffy and delicious with just the right amount of chewy octopus in it. The one specialty too we ordered featured guac and shrimp tempura which was a pretty weird pairing. Probably would not recommend.

Service was great and food came out really fast. Definitely would recommend for a cheap date night or casual sit down coworker happy hour!
Tuesday night, you know what that means! $1 skewers! There's a limited selection on $1 skewers but it's def worth it. & it's $3/Sapporo too.

Our server Jenna was great. Had a good overall experience with food and service. I'll be back for $1 skewers night again!
I totally rocked a good meal at this place for under 20 bucks.  I wasn't too thrilled with it though. First off the service was a bit weird, it took a while to have someone take our order, and while the food that came out was correct, it was not correct on the bill.   Everything was ok, but it wasn't the best sushi I've ever had.  I will go back though because it's 2 blocks from my place and I can go to the karaoke lounge and chillax.  

Also, Jenna, who used to work at Serendipity (RIP), the best waitress in Chinatown works here, and if you're lucky enough to be served by this cutie it will definitely make your nite!
I've been here twice. Once was for dinner with a friend which was really good. The other to enjoy some drinks and karaoke (not the rooms, just the bar). It was insanely crowded and the karaoke was poorly managed. I'd like to come back to try a room, but I will never go for the bar again. So four stars for the dinner and one star for the upstairs bar=two stars.
I came here twice. February 16, 2008 & today.

After finding out about this place, I begged my aunt to take me here even though my mom just gave birth to my brother on feb 15th, 2008. For the 2 of us, I thought $50 was way too expensive.. but we did order a lot and the service was nice.

Today I went again but this time with my boyfriend only because Tasty Place was closed and we did not want to walk for food. We were seated at the counter and it was nice, my boyfriend really loved the atmosphere he kept squealing about how cool the place was and the awesome sushi. He totally disliked the takoyaki which I love but whatever, we each have our own love-hate relationships with foods. The waiters/waitresses were really attentive, but when I was done with the takoyaki I set it aside for them except they kept taking everything else but the takoyaki.. maybe because I left 2 half eaten.. Oh & when we first ordered, I called for chicken skin & pork belly. The pork belly came right away, and I thought they didn't hear me call for the chicken skin so I didn't care much.. but then just before I got my check the chicken skin came.

Daily Specials are awesome! Today was tuesday so it was $1 skewers and we had plenty of those ;)

I didn't give 5 stars because of some of the little things above kind of bothered me, and also.. I wish the karaoke rooms upstairs were serviceable to people my age(18+) but I guess with the alcohol and what not they decide not to.
Honestly it's become a joke. A joke in the sense  that the  service is so fun it's ridiculous. Tonight we had Chu. He was once again phenomenal. I do not understand what has happened since COVID but let me tell you the servers they have acquired are just top notch. I almost get sad because I feel they deserve better BUT it's us know the best prime spot in Chinatown. 

Please, Please, Please do not second guess this spot. It's got amazing sushi along with other dishes. Plus like I've mention the service is just TOP NOTCH!
I am not big into karaoke, but if any place does it right and with some originality (especially for Philadelphia, USA), it's Yakitori Boy, and for that I have to give it 4 stars.  I have been there a few times, once for dinner downstairs and the other times for private room parties.

Yakitori Boy's downstairs is sort of an upscale izakaya.  No one is shouting to the kitchen, but the waitstaff (that I saw) is Japanese or at least Asian.  You order tapas style off of an izakaya menu (individual servings of various bbq and grilled items).  They also have the usual izakaya favorites of takoyaki and okonomiayaki (both are very good here).  If you don't want that, there's always the sushi bar. They are a Japanese bar, so they're beverage of choice is sake.  They have a fairly big sake list along with Japanese beers and cocktails. Although a bit pricey, everything there was pretty good.

Upstairs is a totally different venue.  There is a main area with a bar that has open karaoke.  Just like any other bar, you look through the book and then sign up to sing your song.  The real draw here is the private rooms, however.  There are different sized rooms at varying cost per hour.  But each one is equipped with a semi-circular couch, a sound system and tv, and a button to call your waiter.  Now you don't have to worry about embarrassing yourself in front of strangers, waiting your turn, or waiting at the bar for a drink.

Some people may find it odd to have private rooms, but they do have a public area if you are an exhibitionist. Anyone who knows anything about Japanese culture will completely understand the private rooms and the draw of karaoke in general (and it's not to make a drunken ass out of yourself).  The karaoke program itself can be a bit confusing since it is an actual Japanese program.  It takes a few minutes to learn the controls, but once you do, you will be singing in no time.  They may not have all of your favorite pop songs because again, this is what is popular in JAPAN.  This is hands down the most authentic (and only that I know of) Japanese-style bar or izakaya in the city. I have never been to Yakitori Boy and not seen it completely packed--90% of which are Asians, so they must be doing something right.

Since it's crowded I recommend reserving a private room ahead of time if you want one.  it is definitely worth a visit if for nothing more than a Japanese karaoke experience.
I have never dined at Yakitori Boy. This review is strictly on the karaoke.

Yakitori Boy is a Philly nightlife staple. Come here and you are guaranteed to have a great time. The karaoke portion of the bar is located upstairs. There are some private rooms that you can reserve that holds small to medium-sized parties. 

If you want to be in the middle of the crowd then the main area is for you. I prefer this area because karaoke is all about belting out your favorite tunes in front of your friends and strangers. The energy from the crowd is not something that can be replicated in a small room. There are even some tables that you can reserve if you want to stay in the main area and want a guaranteed spot to sit and rest those vocal chords between songs. There is no stage in the main area so if you are nervous about the "all eyes on you", you have nothing to fear. Each song request costs $2 and you need to pay before you make the request. There can be a little bit of a back log with songs so make sure you get there early. Once your song is beginning a worker will give you 1 or 2 glowing microphones and you are ready to sssiiiinnnnggg!!!!!
This place has become more of a hang out spot if anything. Tuesday nights are spent  downstairs devouring $1 skewers, Wednesday nights enjoying half off sushi, and Thursdays/Friday nights upstairs at the bar drinking and singing karaoke (If you're too shy to sing in public they offer private karaoke rooms for a price).

Tuesday night skewers with a 34ounce Godzilla can of Asahi makes my week complete.
After admiring Yakitori Boy from afar (like three years 'afar'), I finally had a chance to go Saturday night!

My friend and I made a reservation for 9 PM, so we missed the busy dinner rush.  Before I continue, check YB's "contact" section on its website about where to park; fortunately my friend was able to park safely around the corner in a lot which didn't seem to charge.  Anyway, she and I were taken care of by the knowledgeable and sweet Alan.  

For our appetizer, we could not resist the 10 piece Chef's Choice Yakitori Appetizer. She ordered the Chicken Teriyaki bowl and I had the Yaki Tako (squid) along with a Lobster sushi.  The only letdown is that YB does not serve brown rice which isn't a deal breaker personally.  I think they could satisfy more palettes by adding this option.  Collectively, our food choices looked and tasted phenomenal.

We ended with the Crme brle and strawberry mochi, both delicious and incredibly satisfying *without* being heavy.  In total our bill was $45.88 (after tax); not bad for two people.

Now, what is a visit to Yakitori Boy without the karaoke bar upstairs?  Our Cranberry Vodkas were $7 apiece, so I'd say it was (somewhat) reasonable.  My friend and I were very entertained by the karaoke and ended up being invited into a private karaoke room by a coworker for a birthday.  We came, we drank, we sang! The waiters were incredibly attentive to the room and seemed to get a kick out of our singing.  We ended up leaving before 2 AM, but we had such a blast even though some parts of the song selecting were confusing.

I can't wait for my next trip to Yakitori Boy!
I had high hopes for Yakitori Boy.  I love karaoke so when someone suggested stopping in here on Saturday, I was excited.  That excitement quickly went away when the elevator door opened to the club-like atmosphere upstairs.  

I'm not a big fan of fist-pumping clubs, but I still clung to the hope that maybe because it was a karaoke bar it wouldn't be that bad, but it was.  It was insanely crowded, with people shoving and elbowing and screaming at the top of their lungs along with the songs.  Everyone was screaming along so loudly that I couldn't hear the music, lyrics, or the people with the microphones over the crowd.  That's not karaoke to me...  We had one drink and left.

As I've said in other reviews, I'm a big believer in second chances, so I would like to go back to try the food which seems to be a high point here, but I know for sure I won't be going back unless we do a private room.
I was a little disappointed when I tried Yakitori Boy - it was totally over rated.  Everyone has been telling me so much about the food, their specials and the general ambiance of the place, so I had some pretty high expectations when I got here.  My experience wasn't horrible but it definitely wasn't all I expected it to be.  

Here's how I break it down:

Pros:
- The place looks nice.  The owners did a pretty good job with the decor to make it somehow modern and earthy and the same time. 

- The service was good.  My waiter was HOTTTT (He was so gorgeous..hahahahaha....it really made the dinner better for me ^_^)

- The skewers were pretty good.  I recommend trying the short ribs and the asparagus.

Cons:
- The sushi was just OK.  Nothing over-the-top to rave about.  

- Portions are SMALL.  Each order of sushi is only 4 pcs and the skewers only come with 2 small pcs.  

- Prices were a little high for what it was....let's just say, I wouldn't go back to eat the sushi unless it was 1/2 off night - and even then I would have to think about it.

Overall, the experience was just mediocre.  I didn't try the karoke part out yet so I can't vouch for that experience.  Perhaps I will go back some day and give it a second go...and perhaps at that time I may find it better.  But for now, I would recommend others to steer away if they're looking for some amazing food.  If you just want some quick bar food or light snacks, ok....but just go on Tuesday or Wednesday when they have specials on either the skewers or sushi.
Yakitori Boy is a lot like that first date:  you really have to know what you're getting yourself into; otherwise, you could be in for some seriously regrettable decisions.

Upon entering Yakitori Boy, you are faced with a crucial decision: Upstairs or Downstairs.  And like all important choices in life, this pivotal moment will undoubtedly determine your destiny for the remainder of the night.  Will you go downstairs to sample their satisfyingly adequate yakitori (pork belly) and binge upon 30 oz cans of japanese import beers?  Or will you go upstairs to bear witness to the demoralizing monstrosity that is public karaoke (no seriously, get the pork belly)?  Or maybe, brimming with liquid courage and haplessly caught up in a nostalgic haze from when you firmly believed that high school was the best time ever, will you muster forth to take the mic for yourself and forever be labeled as That Guy for the remainder of the night?

Do us all a favor, tell the bouncer "downstairs," and be satisfied with what has sated us for thousands of year: meat cooked on a stick over a fire.  Those poor bartenders don't get paid nearly enough, and we all don't need to hear your personal rendition of Bohemian Rhapsody or Pour Some Sugar On Me, regardless of how talented you may think you are (despite what your friends may be telling you, they really don't have your best interests at heart).

And for a truly carnivorous experience, get a lil crazy and order the chicken wings (not on the menu)--they're awesome and come with a side of the spicy mayo, which really should be a wing sauce served everywhere.
i had an amazing meal here recently. i'm a big sushi fan and the amount of sushi offerings here are amazing and delicious. sushi rolls on the regular menu are reasonably priced, especially the toro roll for $4! the special rolls are to be had as well. if you're into special sushi rolls than this is your place. oh, and they serve sapporo beer in frosted glasses. all in all, our meal was quite satisfying.
If you're more into the watching aspect of karaoke, you can't beat Yakitori Boy on a Friday or Saturday night...

If you're more of a participant- you'd be better served hitting this place on a weeknight as you and your friends have a better chance of singing more than once per a few hours.

I can't comment much on the drink selection as I pretty much always get the "Godzilla" which is a huge can of Asahi, a few of those and I'm good to belt out some Sean Kingston on the mic. Great song selection and the choice of songs by the people at the bar is usually decent. I also like that there is no annoying host.

Don't miss out on their food either, the sushi here is incredible.

Finally, I would definitely recommend using the public karaoke area as that's definitely part of the experience. It's really fun to see others sing, not to mention the awesome (totally un-authentic) music videos that accompany the lyrics. Plus one of the bartenders looks like the evil villain in a movie. You'll know who I'm talking about.
Really poor customer service for the private karaoke.  I called and emailed a week in advance to reserve a karaoke room for a Saturday night.  No responses, and the voicemail box was full.  Finally, Saturday afternoon I get a call back to confirm.  Umm.....sorry, I made other plans because I thought I would never hear from you.  Do they really expect people to just wait around until they call?
Three tips to properly enjoy the upstairs karaoke: 

1. Come with a large group - this is to split the cost of food and overpriced drinks, plus to ensure that the room you ordered is adequately tiny and you're stumbling over each other to belt out songs.

2. Stay for a really long time - the true appreciation of karaoke and the staff only come after 2+ hours of claustrophobic singing. That's when, in your drunken state, you will realize that these poor servers have to put up with a lot of your lewd behavior, making this a true 4 star joint.

3. Order Soju - your liver won't thank me, but your entire group will. This is the only way to end a night at Yakitori Boy. 

For visitors without proper US ID, you're required to bring your passport. This poor Canadian girl took a $20 cab ride back-and-forth to get in. It was worth every penny.
We tried a reasonable part of the menu- much of the yakitori (chicken skin, pork belly, squid, some of the vegetables), the deep fried tofu, the whole grilled squid sliced into thin rings, the seafood pancake, salmon entree, soba, some of the cocktails (mango something, pomegranate something). On the whole, most of the food was pretty average and priced about average. Good, not bad, but not amazing either. 

On the other hand, YB gets an extra star for the following standout yakitori-- the sea bass (on the specials menu), the short ribs (mmm beefy), and the salmon with scallions (juicy seared melty salmon contrasted with slightly sweet seared scallions). I would go back and get a pair of each of these yakitori, as well as a soba and that would make me happy.

Updated- and that's exactly what I did when I went back for a giant group karaoke bday extravaganza. Yum. We piled a bunch of people into the lounge on a friday night rather than a private room, and it was a pretty good time at $1/song. My complaint would be that the volume was too high (to talk your neighbour you had to lean in AND yell), but admittedly I am becoming a noise wuss.
DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!  Female bar staff was friendly, but male staff was rude.  Just because I'm not holding a drink, but I got 10 friends standing behind me on their 2nd round still means I can't sit at the bar.  Staff has the nerve to argue with patrons, this place is not that great and you just work here, so get over yourselves.  Whatever happen to hospitality in a service establishment?

As for food, skewers were ok because it's trendy.  Everything else was over priced mall quality Japanese food.

One last thing, what bar starts turning on their lights at 1:30am, on a Friday night??? Staffs started to clean up, wipe down counters, and sweeping the floor while there were still patrons drinking, singing and waiting for their songs, which they paid $5 for 4 songs (they jacked up the $).  It just felt like the staff wanted ppl to leave.  If I were the owners, I would hire better staff.  

And it's true about ppl losing stuff here, bunch of thieves lurking around to steal coats, cameras, and anything they can get their hands on.
So I come here at least once every time I come back to Philly when I'm away. It has two floors: the first level is its restaurant and the second is its lounge + karaoke rooms. Both levels have a bar. It's a great place to hang out with friends for a dinner or for a night to have fun at the lounge.

Entertainment
This is the reason for me giving it the 4/5 rating. This is one of the only few places in center city Philly that provides groups of parties their own private karaoke rooms. The prices are very affordable, especially if a group uses the free room promotion (buy enough drinks/food that cover double the hourly fee; use to be just the same amount, but not anymore). If you don't want to book a private room, the lounge is always fun. There is always people out singing their hearts out, which makes it super fun and hilarious. The con to entertainment, though, is that now it gets so packed that you have to book a table or room during the weekends, or you won't be able to get up there. Bar selection is decent; they have many drinks and house drinks as well. Definitely try the Tokyo Tea; a few of these can get you pretty tipsy.

Food
The food is pretty good. The prices vary from inexpensive to expensive depending on what you want to order. The daily specials they have are somewhat cheap, but selections are very limited. I usually come on Sushi or Skewer nights, because they are mad cheap. I love the quail egg, chicken, chicken and scallion, and the pork sausage skewers. As for taste, it's not the best I've eaten around in terms of Japanese food, but the selection is huge. You can also order food from both levels.

Service
Hosting is great and.. controlling? If you would like to go upstairs, they are really thorough with you in restaurant procedures and policies. Definitely great at the lower level restaurant. They come just enough so they don't really bother you, but are still attentive of you. As for upstairs, it tends to be confusing. If you're at the lounge and want food, you sometimes have no idea who your server is and you just have to approach staff. Sometimes, they're no where to be found and you might just have to approach a bouncer or the person controlling the lounge karaoke. Bar staff is sometimes short, and you really have to push through to grab drinks. Having your own room is good, since there is a call button. If it gets busy though, they might take forever to come. Different servers take care of you too, so be sure not to order the same thing twice. Making reservations is also very thorough; they'd like to call you twice


Recommendations: Order From Food Specials, Make Reservations For Upstairs Prior
Pros: Great atmosphere, very fun, friendly people
Cons: Somewhat expensive for things, crowded on weekends
This place reminds me of L.A. 
Yes, its as good as it gets when you come to Yakitori Boy! 

The first floor is the restaurant which has upscale plush booths and seatings, a sushi bar, and a liquor bar! I went with a party of eight and they seated us right away! 

I ordered the: Philly roll(YUM), Eel and Avacado roll, Cali roll and the Yakitori Combo. I was alittle puzzled by the itsy bitsy food..but now I understand why they cost $4 a piece(hah!) Besides rolls and sushi they also served other japanese delights such as: Udon Noodles, Tempura,Yakitori, Bento boxes, calamari,soft shell crabs and the list goes on!!!  I absolutely enjoyed EVERY little bite of my food and wanted more! Also the drinks were very delicious and strong! Very well made!

After dining I suggest you check out their karaoke lounge and private rooms upstairs. The private rooms are super cheap and if you go on Sundays, rooms are half off!
Mmmmmm no. 


I mean, I only gave two because, to be forthright, I haven't experienced the Karaoke upstairs and they do seem to have a few good deals from time to time. And I wouldn't say that the food is terrible. In fact, if it wasn't for the bizarre vibe, their food and drink specials push them up to three stars in my book. This is really a two and a half star rating, but I must vent:

I notice this place has lines around the corner on some weekend eve's, this I have to chalk up to the effects of hype. As far as I can decipher, using my own sense of what is aesthetically conducive to a convivial and comfortable night life experience, there lies a great slippage between the Yakitori appeal and the Yakitori experience. Do not become a victim of fashion, as what often happens in this town, be your own man and cast a critical eye on the source of your own expectations. Really, because for all its fan fair what yakitori boiled down to is a weekend warrior-half assed fan boy-brushed aluminum-round eye yawn which is designed to equivocate toward a suburban image of downtown grit and glamor but with a touch of the orient.
Yakitori Boy is a great place to spend an hour or two munching on snacks and imbibing with friends. It's got reasonably priced booze, decent food and, most importantly for this kind of spot, great service.

Drink prices vary, but if you stick to sake bombs with carafes of sake and the big cans of beer the bill's quite reasonable. Food is hit or miss. Avoid the sushi, as their offerings are forgettable and err on the oversauced side. There are better options in the city even at Yakitori Boy's price point. In contrast, going for skewers is cheap and delicious. I've sampled a large cross section of their yakitori offerings and haven't been disappointed with any. Standouts include the chicken hearts, short ribs, pork belly, and chicken meatballs. Two are perfect for a snack and you can make a meal of five to six. 

The service and atmosphere at Yakitori are great. The layout is conducive to large gatherings and servers adeptly maneuver between your party members regardless of their sobriety (or lack thereof). Staff never rushes you and rarely messes up orders, even for huge parties of 20. Definitely a good spot for drinks and light eats for a group.

Never had any experience with the upstairs/karaoke area though, so can't comment on that.
Five stars for the Ramen alone!  I lived in Japan for a year, and when I came back, I moved to a city that had no authentic Japanese food.  I was in Philly for a conference and checked out Yakitori Boy while there.  They have 3 varieties of Ramen:  Shoyu (soy sauce), Pork stock, and Miso.  I only had the Miso, but it was the real thing.  Judging by that, the other authentic items on the menu must be good!

The group I was with wanted to dine elsewhere, so I didn't get to try the ramen or the other items.  I hope to  be able to return one day!
I was really disappointed by this place. We came here for our salon Christmas party and everyone was really looking forward to it. We had reserved a private room, and when we arrived there was a lot of confusion about where the person who was supposed to check us in even was. We had to leave a $200 security deposit for the room, and everyone was just carrying Visa or MC debit cards, not actual credit cards, and there was a big fuss about that. When we got upstairs the room was really clean, but so clean and bleach smelly that it was tough to get used to being in there. It was kind of like the locker room at a public pool. The karaoke system was incredibly difficult to operate and it was about an hour and 15 minutes into our 2 hour time slot before we figured it out, and even then it wasn't great. The saving grace was the cocktails and food were pretty good. If I ever go back I would rather just eat or go in the public karaoke bar area instead.
My girlfriends and I were itching for some karaoke, so of course Yakitori Boy was the first place we thought of. We reserved a private room upstairs for 2 hours. A 6 person room went for $30 an hour, and on Saturdays before 8, they'll waive the room fee if you spend at least $50 an hour on food and drinks. They offer the same deal for weekdays, but I think the hours are longer and the spending minimum is lower. You'll need a credit card to hold the room. 

Our server explained the very user unfriendly karaoke machine to us, and off we went! There was a button for service, so we never had to wait long for anything. The staff were friendly and patient. 

We hit the spending minimum easily between the 4 of us. The prices for drinks are pretty average (though high for Chinatown). Their cocktails were delicious and will cost you $10-14. The food was good, but nothing special. Again, it was pricey compared to other places in the neighborhood. 

My only complaint is that everything was sticky - everything! The menus, the table, the shelf where the karaoke machine was. Otherwise, you're sure to have a great time at Yakitori Boy!
While in Philadelphia on a work retreat, my group decided we absolutely HAD to do some karoake.  Our waiter at dinner recommended this new place...Yakitori Boy.  Apparently they had the private room karoake, which was great for our slightly drunk team.

Yakitori Boy was pretty coool, both downstairs and upstairs.  Obviously we didn't eat there..but they have about 8 or so private karoake rooms that are reserved and paid by the hour.  The karoake menu is all electronic (there is no book) and the very helpful staff walked us through how to pick music.  Several times.  Again we were slightly drunk so we didn't catch on quickly.  The staff was incredibly patient even though we were completely obnoxious.

ONE THING.  ONE VERY IMPORTANT THING.  This place is currently BYOB.  As of today (Janu. 24 2008) they think they will get their liquor license in a week...but beware.  But we sent out a group to grab beers and it was completely awesome.  Once this place can sell booze, it will be unstoppable!!
I tried this place since a few of my friends currently work there, and I think Yakitori Boy is long overdue. Although I've heard mixed reviews of the food there, the sushi rolls were decent for the price. Though I'm not normally into the non Japanese run restaurants that dominate the Japanese restaurants in the area... I think Yakitori Boy is good for the area. The location is a bit odd, being in Chinatown doesn't normally attract the Center City or Olde City type of traffic, I think it'll be around for many years to come.

They're still doing construction on the Karoake lounge upstairs, but I was impressed by how big it was. $30 for an hour in an 8 person room doesn't sound like a bad deal as well as the fact that most of the karaoke spots are well outside of the city.
Love this place.

Atmosphere and food are both great. The skewers are delicious - chicken meatball is a must-try. The wasabi shumai is also amazing, it'll light your mouth on fire in a very pleasant way. I tear up every time.

There's an open karaoke bar upstairs ($1/song last time I checked) as well as private karaoke rooms for groups. The crowd is usually fun and a little rowdy, but not annoying and with minimum drama.

They have dope specials - $1 skewers on Tuesdays and $2.50 sushi rolls (or is it half-off?) on Wednesdays, with beer specials too. I went on a Wednesday and we seriously had 12 orders of sushi, which amounts to 72 pieces. Craziness. 

It's also open til 2AM every night - that includes Sundays, for those of us who party harder than the rest.
Opened my tab and got a $2.50 Bud Light at the second floor bar. Something came up and I had to leave after my first drink, but the bartender wouldn't let me close out my tab unless I bought a more expensive drink first. The same thing happened to my friend. I've never had this happen at any other bar and I don't plan on returning here to get scammed again.
