If you read my reviews, the restaurants I visit usually serve either sushi, ramen, or pasta. That's because that's what my kids will only eat reliably.  My one daughter eats only noodles with soup, and my other eats only cooked sushi rolls.  When it comes to Japanese restaurants, many that serve ramen will not serve sushi and vise versa.  Yamitsuki serves both! 

The food overall was good. We really didn't have a bad dish, and the staff was excellent. They were very friendly and checked up on us often. The atmosphere was great!  It restaurant was modern with mostly oak colored wood walls and tables. Pictures of Japanese anime adorn the restaurant and R&B is played overhead.  The restaurant is divided into 3 sections. Small tables in the front by the door, middle section has booth seating and the back of the restaurant has a large counter for communal dining.  

My family ordered the spider (soft shell crab) bun, pork belly bun, Shio chicken ramen (clear chicken broth), shio pork tonkatsu ramen,  Miso pork tonkatsu ramen, a king crab california roll, edamame, and a bubble tea (very good).

I thought the buns were ok, but I probably wouldn't order them again.  I liked the soft shell crab buns better than the pork buns. I was a little disappointed with the pork belly in that it resembled eating a thick cut of ham to me. It's not melt in your mouth like other places. The soft shell crab was fried in tempura batter. It was crispy and juicy. Each bite had nice light crustacean flavor.  However, the reason I didn't care for the buns was because the meats were topped with iceberg lettuce and thinly sliced carrots with a dollop of mayo. The garnish and sauce could be better. There were no contrasts of flavor.

My main dish was the Miso Ramen and I thought it was good.  The noodle was the thin straight kind and it had a good flavor. The soup was hearty and had good miso flavor.  The egg was good, albeit a little salty, and the garlic oil added another element of flavor to it. The pork belly in the ramen was the same pork belly from the bun. Not bad, but I've had better.  I sampled the other bowls of ramen and I thought they were good too. The chicken broth was light and had good flavor.  Oddly enough the ramen in the chicken broth was the squiggly type and my daughter liked those better.  I thought they were both good, but could be a preference thing.  As for the california king crab roll, it was ok - what you would expect out of a california roll, but made with king crab leg meat.

My family had a nice dinner here! I was debating between Terakawa Ramen and Yamitsuki, but chose to come here because is a more spacious restaurant without the pushy service. Food was 3.5/5 but the great staff, menu selection, and the cool vibes makes this place a winner. I don't have a picture of it but the human sized hulk buster suit at the front of the restaurant was a big hit with the kids, because they love Marvel Avengers!
On a frigid winters day just back from palm tree filled skies, I needed to warm back up and ramen sounded like a fantastic idea! We took a journey through Chinatown and happened upon this spot. I called before parking and they did indeed have veggie ramen which I have unsuccessfully been on the hunt for in the city for awhile now. 5 different kinds she said! Sold! Excited! Not only that but they had a menu filled with sushi and other delicious Asian noms! Win! 

You are greeted immediately which what looks a transformer in a glass case. I have been told it looks like a chubby Iron Man. Forgive my ignorance. Very cool either way. Kids loved it! Then as you are taken to your table (and as you exit) the hostess shouts something in what I believe is Japanese. Apparently this is something you will typically find in Japan. Love the authenticity of this touch! I joked with the friendly guy that seated us he was saying nasty things about us or that he does for difficult patrons. We got a good laugh. 

There's something here for everyone!

Apps have everything from pork belly mini rice bowls to Shisito peppers and simple edamame for veg-heads. Hubs opted to start with the crispy shrimp which were tempura style wrapped in noddles with spicy aioli which he said was outstanding! 

Buns are offered in pork belly, tempura eggplant, chicken and soft shell crab. 

Ramen comes in a half of dozen varieties with chicken broth, and half in mushroom broth....

 Our waitress suggested the veggie Miso for me which she said is most popular. It's standard to come with spring mix, bean sprouts, kukarage and bamboo. I added mushrooms from the list of add on toppings for an additional cost.  It was very tasty and I enjoyed it a lot! Huge portions with leftovers too! I added some chili paste for a bit of a kick since it had none. I think next visit I'll go for the wasabi infused soy!

 Hubs got the spicy soy bean paste with chicken versus pork and he said it was VERY spicy and he's one for Sriracha drizzled everything. He enjoyed it but sipped slowly. Haha 

One kiddos just ordered sushi and edamame and the other one got plain noodles, plain mushroom broth which is good kids option since there's no kids menu. She added mushrooms which she did not like. Hubs agreed they were different than the mushrooms were used to. I liked them a lot, but did find them to be "earthy" or "dirty" shall we say. Just a heads up.

Another thing we really liked was the tea! Bubble, iced and hot, available by the pot or cup with a daily special flavor. Varieties from China, Japan, India and Taiwan! Nice! We couldn't narrow down just one selection for a pot for the table so our waitress encouraged us to try Jasmine Pearl. We loved it!! We didn't finish so she gave us a to-go cup and after it sat awhile it was not drinkable so definitely drink up fast when ordering this kind!

We were too full after din but the shaved matcha ice dessert with fresh fruit looked amazing!!! Next time! 

The big robot dude at the entrance was a sign of little details to come as I explored the place a bit more...strands of lights above, an open kitchen, wood designs on the walls, beakers for water glasses and the comic books the bill was handed over in. I noticed and loved them all! 

Service was fantastic. 
Kiosk meter parking. 

We felt this was an easy choice for our fam and will be back! I can understand it may not be the best ramen aficionados who are used to flavor rich bone broth, but for veggie ramen and novice ramen fans, it suits just fine.
Friday night sitting at the big back booth devouring the best ramen I've had in Philly ever. I added a poached egg to my pork miso, pro move. If you sit in the back you can hide from the club music. Water comes in chem lab beakers, nice touch. I'll be back, takeout would be nice too. 

If you're a ramen novice, this is your jam.
July 29th, 2018 - They changed the way they cooked the pork and it was extremely better! No more dry pork chashu, thank you!!!
Yamitsuki Ramen would have been the trendiest place in Chinatown 10 years ago. Unfortunately with all the up and coming restaurants and the vast amount of competition Yamitsuki faces, it just doesn't quite have the magic to really stand on it's own.

Just judging from it's competitors in Terakawa Ramen and Naoki Ramen, Yamitsuki benefits from an enormous dining hall. The establishment definitely uses this to it's full advantage.

The food is where this place falls short. Offering very little to imagine, with really weird bowls, cups plates (I felt the owners tried too hard to be trendy, but forgot how to be practical). The prices are just ridiculous for the quality and quantity of food you are receiving. I'd save your money and hit up another place. There's better places in Chinatown.
Finally made it back to Yamitsuki! Service was excellent but they did not refill our waters. We ordered cocktails this time around and both were great. I had the Lychee Martini which wasn't too sweet and was a beautiful pink color. 

We had a few appetizers to start. The gyoza was fresh and delicious. Our favorite was the takoyaki which came out piping hot so we had to wait a little to actually eat it. I also ordered the Miso Ramen. The seasoned egg was loaded with flavor and my favorite part. The broth itself was flavorful. My fiance had the Spicy Ramen which had a great kick to it. I actually wished I got his because it was that good!  

We ended the meal with a Tiramisu in a glass which was delicious!  Not overly sweet and it had a cute little strawberry on top cut to look like a flower.

I was looking over the happy hour menu before we left and realized it's a steal! Great drink and food options
Before I start my review, I will let you know that I am from out of town and I'm a very well-traveled ramen monger. I've lived in NY for 4 years and tried all their hot spots, went to Japan 2 months ago (which obviously has the best ramen ever), and reside in the DC area where there are a nice handful of popular ramen shops. Although I have high standards, I don't always expect every restaurant to abide by them. I love cheap good value ramen as well. 

I didn't really expect much going in, but it was nice to see some reviews stating this ramen spot is their favorite. Unfortunately, I'm assuming it was from a bunch of locals because this spot was no bueno. 

Pork buns - 2/5 the meat was over cooked. The sauce on the buns was just not sufficient in flavor/taste. Would not recommend. 

Main Entry - I ordered the spicy chicken broth with seaweed and pork chasu w egg and veggies. 
Let's first start off with the noodles... the noodles they serve are cheaper quality than the instant noodles I cook when I make Korean Shin Ramen. It's a restaurant - serve better quality noodles please, and not the cheapest kind. Just the noodles: 1.5/5

The broth - 2/5 it was very clear, as chicken broth usually is, but I don't know if it's because the spice they added but nothing stood out. The spices they used to make it spicy were not flavorful at all and took over the show if there was any delicious broth within. The taste was that of spicy flavored water. 

2/5 stars because I wouldn't come back here again. 3/5 for me would be I might come back to try a different dish, but if your base noodles are of the lowest quality and the broth was nothing meaningful, why would I ever want to try another dish here?
FINALLY, a vegetarian ramen that actually tastes good! I honestly came here with low expectations because veggie ramen is usually awful, and boy was I pleasantly surprised. 
We started with a veggie sushi roll that had a nice tart plum paste - a nice change of pace from the typical cucumber rolls. We also had the bao buns which were pretty good.
I had the veggie Japanese curry ramen and I loved it! The bowl was full of noodles, veggies and an awesome sweet tofu. My husband had the spicy shoyu ramen with chicken.. again, a fantastic bowl packed with flavor and tender chicken. 
I reallly wanted to try the macha mousse cake but unfortunately they were sold out.. maybe next time. 

The food was fantastic and I can't wait to come back. Unfortunately the service was super slow, even with the place being basically empty. The decor was a little diconnected - you enter and see a large iron statue, then there this weird flruoescent cresant moon light area, and then the back of the restaurant looks like a backyard.. I just didnt get the theme.
I guess Yamitsuki was alright. I didn't really enjoy the portion size for the price, but what do i expect? its Chinatown. Went in today and they had a watermelon smoothie special which was pretty good. It really did taste like i was drinking a watermelon. 
Overall the food was okay, but one of the reason why i would go back was for the service. Our server was very nice and accommodating and he took the time to explain things to us because it was a first time. He's probably the reason why i chose to give 4 stars instead of 3
I'm not gonna lie, I didn't like Yamitsuki as much as I thought I would. I was super excited to try it because a) I'm obsessed with Ramen b) lot of hype but, it did not really meet my expectations. 
At first I ordered the Tori Paitan Ramen ( Chicken Ramen ) and when I got it, it tasted very fishy. Even though it looks beautiful! They were very nice for replacing it with another dish of my choice - the manager agreed that something tasted off and it wasn't suppose to taste that way. So I went vegetarian and I got the Yasai Ramen which was good. I also got fresh Salmon Sashimi and tasty Shrimp Nigiri to try them out. Still I prob won't go back.
Three Yelps
This place is so nerd-fabulous! The decor and ambience is spot on and the staff was very friendly. Before I even sat down I was excited for the meal. The cherry on the design cake was the bill being delivered in a Naruto comic book. 


The food is amzeballs. I could have eaten 6 bowls of ramen even though I definitely was full after the one. The broth was among the most flavorful I've ever come across when buying ramen.
The shop was edgy, modern, and thoughtful on its decorations. The staff were efficient, and we found ourselves served with beaker-filled glasses of waters (no, really) very quickly. There were a good amount of different food options, and I think it was really smart to include descriptions of the food items. 

Miso ramen: The soup base was pretty flavorful and umami. The noodles, however, weren't really chewy and a little too soft for ramen. It was a good bowl size for someone with moderate stomach, but for a growing youth or someone with big appetites, this may be a little small. 

Appetizer buns: These were all labeled spicy, and it was too bad because my friend couldn't tolerate any spicy and wanted some. I got the pork bun, and I felt the meat taste was a little overshadowed by the sauces. There also could have been more vegetables added into the bun. 

Seaweed salad: This was pretty good and refreshing, but this was pretty easy to do.

Overall, I think the food quality didn't live up to the hip of the place. I wish that they made better quality food to match the coolness of the restaurant.
After my second visit here, I have to say that this is by far my favorite ramen place in philly! It's been so hard to find the perfect ramen after trying a specific place in NYC which I fell in love with, but Now I'm more than satisfied!
Finally, a chicken based ramen spot in Philadelphia. News was spreading about a soft opening for Yamitsuki so I grabbed the details and headed over when the day arrived. 15 minutes after the doors opened, the house was packed! I got on the wait list; it was about a 30-minute wait. If you've had ramen in NY, you would know that an hour to two hour wait for good ramen is normal. At least Yamitsuki will notify you on your phone when your table is ready, unlike the NY spots that make you wait within shouting distance of the establishment! 

Onto the order: Iced Sweet Matcha tea, Spider Buns, Shishito Peppers, Spicy Miso Ramen, and Snow Ice. No messing around here. All of the food was excellent and packed with flavor (no pork needed!). I barely had room for dessert but I had to go in on the Snow Ice. One-of-a-kind texture and just enough sweetness, balanced out with the toppings. Amazing stuff, kudos to Yamitsuki.
Ramen cravings SATISFIED! It was so cold in philly these past few days, I needed a steaming hot bowl of ramen to warm me up. I got the chasiu deluxe and my boyfriend got the tonkatsu. The first thing I realize was that the broths weren't overly salty and definitely tasted healthier than other ramen places I've been to. There was a plethora of meat so you know they don't skimp! The appetizer we ordered was the chicken Karaage and the sauce they gave us definitely paired well. I wish I got another order to go! As for the drinks, we ordered two mock tails, the boruto and lychee lemonade. Both drinks were so refreshing and not overly sweet. I met the manager Joyce and she was so welcoming! Overall, all the staff at Yamitsuki were kind and brought my food super quick. I had an awesome time and the food was delicious.
I'd rate this place 3.5 stars overall. They have just opened and are probably still troubleshooting, so I am rounding up my rating to give them the benefit of the doubt. Although it seems some reviewers have had service issues, my experience was pretty smooth. The servers may not have seemed very experienced, but they were friendly, checked in often, and got me what I needed pretty efficiently. They also told me ahead of time that they are only taking cash payments right now. 

Food-wise, I had the chicken bun appetizer and a bowl of shoyu ramen. The ramen was good. I felt the broth was pretty flavorful (if not a bit salty) and a bit lighter than typical pork broth that comes with ramen. The noodles were fine, and so were the rest of the toppings. However, note that some ramen toppings like kikurage mushrooms and menma (marinated bamboo shoots), which are typically included at other ramen places, are not included here and would need to be added for $1. For the price, the portion size is a bit smaller than other ramen places in Philly, though I definitely felt full after eating the appetizer and the ramen bowl. I would skip the chicken buns next time because both chicken and shells were on the dry side (as if they weren't fresh), and the toppings were not the best I've had. 

The interior design is great, though, and they have some interesting milk tea options not found at other ramen places in town. Also, I thought it was cool that they served water in a beaker. I've always wanted to do that myself at home. Overall, I would probably return for a quick bowl of ramen if I'm in the neighborhood. It's not the best, nor best-valued, ramen I've had, but it will do the job.
This was my first time at Yamitsuki, I'm usually a regular at Terakawa. 

I'm really glad I came to try this spot. Something I really loved and appreciated was their delicious shio chicken ramen. Their CHICKEN ramen is the best I've had in Philly, hands down. The reason is their chicken is insanelyyyyy mouth wateringly good. It is so soft, melt in your mouth never dry. I don't know how they do it, but I swear you gotta braise that stuff for hours to get such soft delectable chicken like that.

The broth itself is interesting, not in a bad way but in a different way. There was a taste I couldn't put my finger on, but i wonder if it was the japanese seasalt  or the yuzukosho I think it could be that. The small is more than enough to fill you, even if you're hungry in my opinion which runs you $10 before tip.

Service was nice and attentive, and the restaurant itself is very clean. I wouldn't hesitate to come back
My SO and I both love ramen and usually go to Terakawa but decided to try this new spot out. We went for the "soft opening weekend." When I first entered the place, the atmosphere looked pretty cool. However, I was surprised it wasn't crowded for being their opening weekend and it being a Friday night (that made me suspicious immediately). We got seated immediately at the bar. It was priced a bit more than other ramen houses so I assumed the food will be better. I ordered the pork buns as an appetizer to share alongside with two cold sweet matcha tea. For our entree, I ordered the miso ramen with pork charshu with the mushroom, bamboo as add on toppings. My SO ordered the shoyu ramen with pork charshu with a soft boiled egg. 

It was an open kitchen concept, where we can see the "cooks" do their thing. While waiting for our food, we had a wonderful show of the "cooks" not really knowing what they're doing. Between the printer that prints the orders constantly jamming to the guys arguing back and forth, it was quite an experience. There are orders backed up and they "cooks" are moving at a slow pace to prep the food. Now that I think about it, it reminds of those TV shows like, Hell's Kitchen, where the chefs are working together to get orders out. For the future, guys, please, I implore you to change your gloves if you wipe the sweat off your foreheads. It was absolutely disgusting to see one of the "cooks" do that then continued on making the appetizers.

Oh, I was quite surprised to see them embrace the "open dish washing area concept" (idk if that's a thing or not). This is the first restaurant I've ever been to where the dish washing area was open to the customer's eye. In advance, I just wanna say good luck to the dish washers if the place is ever packed because hand washing/ drying all bowls and utensils are not easy. 

Now on to the food. Normally at Terakawa or any other ramen house, there usually are a couple of ingredients (fried garlic, grounded sesame seeds, sesame oil, etc.) in front of you so you can add whatever you like into your soup. There was nada. Our pork buns came out about 20-25 min. after ordering. It was mediocre at best. The bread of the bun was way too soft and lacked the sweetness I'd normally expect in a bun. The bread portion reminded me of those frozen baos you get at the Asian grocery stores. Flavorless, no chewy texture and too soft. We asked for the sauces on the side because of a previous Yelp review I read (thanks btw.). FYI, their spicy mayo is just sriracha mixed in with some light mayo. The sweet, hoisin like sauce was really good though! My favorite part about the pork bun was the cucumber. Damn, that was one fresh, crunchy cucumber. 

Our entrees came out about 10-15 minutes later but we both didn't mind because of the entertainment in the kitchen. The bowl was smaller than expected. I have this thing where I smell my soup before eating it. It didn't smell that great and my taste buds confirmed what my nose suggested after the first sip of broth. The broth was flavorless but not oily. The noodles had a good texture and chew to them so I was happy about that. I had two small pieces of pork charshu which was lean and was somewhat, flavorful. The vegetable part was cabbage and it wasn't cooked. After about 5 or so bites into my bowl, I gave up on my bowl because it started smelling unappealing. I sipped my SO's broth and damn, it had less flavor than mines. He complained that his egg was cold after biting into it and his stomach wasn't feeling great after finishing his bowl. We rank the ramen on the same scale as the crappy ramen a friend of ours ordered from Six Flags. To future customers, I believe the spicy ramen options is just Sriracha sauce mixed in with the regular broth. Why I say that? Because I saw the cooks squirt a crap-ton of Sriracha at the bottom of the bowl before prepping a bowl of another customer's ramen. Guys, come on. If you're gonna do that, at least put the sriracha in another squirt bottle, not the original sriracha bottle. The tea was really good though! It was sweet but not terribly sweet.

But wait! There's more!! The order in which we got our food was pork bun, then, ramen, then, sweet matcha tea. I had to hunt our waitress down and ask, halfway through our entree, if we're ever going to get our drinks. She said she'll go check then brought it out 5 or so minutes later. Either the waitresses have never waitressed before or the bar is packed (which it wasn't).  She never came by and asked how our food was or to refill our water. Overall, terrible food, terrible service, and overpriced. 

Dropping the mic now, I'm done.
Went with my boyfriend, was told that it would be a 25 minute wait, which we were fine with. 20 minutes into the wait time, a few friends of mine came in and one of them knew the hostess. The hostess then said that she was gonna get them a table, as I overheard I started getting annoyed. It is not right for someone to skip the queue and give someone a table just because they know them. That is not proper business at all. Mind you this was the soft opening. We got our table and we were not skipped but had we been we would have definitely went off on them. We sat down and no water was served. Every restaurant serves water first. We had to ask for water halfway through our meal, I noticed it was not just our table they didn't serve water to, the table next to ours also wasn't served water. The ramen was overpriced for the amount they served and it wasn't all that great either. Overall, I think there are better ramen restaurants out there. I would not recommend this place.
Yamitsuki has a long way to go if they expect to compete with other Philadelphia ramen establishments. The shio chicken broth was bland and starchy. The noodles were so overcooked they resembled instant ramen. And the pork belly was a far cry from melt-in-your-mouth tender.

On the tea house side, Yamitsuki also requires improvement. The sweet matcha contained too much sugar, and the apple matcha tasted artificial. Beneath the sweeteners, the matcha itself was barely detectable.

The one item on the menu we did enjoy was the noodle shrimp tempura. Picture shrimp delicately wrapped in a noodle coccoon, then deep-fried and topped with a spicy sauce. No complaints here!

Although we left Yamitsuki dissatisfied, we were ultimately understanding to the fact that last weekend was their soft opening. With that said, I decided to bump up my rating to 3 stars. I have faith that the owners will take Yelpers' feedback seriously.
CHICKEN RAMEN HIT THE SPOT!  SOFT OPENING - this is the time for people to try out and give businesses feedback on what they need to improve for grand opening week.  I definitely do not expect customer service to be top notch, because (let's keep it real) they are still trying to figure everything out.  My expectation is very simple, is that the food is DELICIOUS (this is really what keeps customers from coming back - you can give me sh*tty service, but make up for it with the scrumptious food you feed me).  Thank you Yamitsuki for meeting that requirement!  I came here on the first night of it's soft opening and they were so busy that they ran out of chicken, but it is all gooood!  It was a mad house in there!  So, I came back and was very pleased to see FRESH chicken in my mouthwatering bowl of ramen and OMG *droooooolingggg* just thinking about it.  As a noodle soup/broth lover and someone who have been anxiously waiting for chicken ramen to come into Philadelphia, you have well met my standards!  My server also informed me that the menu on soft opening week was a limited version.  I am excited to see your full menu!  I will see you for your grand opening and welcome to the City of Brotherly Love!
Most definitely 5 stars all the way. This place is spectacular. I love the service, the food, and the decor. Brings me back to my childhood memories. My wife and I have been here a few times and each time, it gets more memorable. I can not believe how nice everyone is here. They play with my children, always check up on us to make sure everything is up to our liking, fill our waters, etc. I definitely leave here feeling like a king. LOL. Now, onto the food - Not a dish I did not like

Buns - doesn't matter which one you get, they are amazing. I've tried the spider, pork, and chicken. My favorite is probably the chicken though. The chicken is so moist, the sauce it nice and spicy, the buns are soft, and the toppings inside mesh very well with each other.

Ramen - can't come here and not try any of their ramen. I can't recall all the ones i tried (3 of them), but they were so flavorful. Not too salty at all like some other places I've tried. The spicy broth is spicy (just the way it should be), and each one has wonderful toppings. Love the soft boiled egg - they make it so perfect.

Mini rice bowl - if you are extra hungry (or want to try more stuff), order the small ramen with the mini rice bowl. SO GOOD! I didn't finish it cause it wasn't really mini, but it was the perfect amount to take home for lunch the following day. I tried the rice bowl with the pork. The pork was not fatty at all (but was still so moist, which I loved) and was packed with tons of flavor. I'm always hesitant of getting pork because most places give me a piece of lard, but not here.

Green apple drink - my absolute favorite. I've tried other drinks and they're all good, but this drink was the perfect sour sweetness that gets pretty addicting.

Matcha a la mousse cake - I'm not big on cake, but this was so light and good. My wife wanted more, so being the gentlemen that I am, I did give her the last bite (even though I truly wanted it)

Overall: If you are looking for a great place to chill with amazing service and food, I really recommend it here. Winter is upon us and that means - MORE SOUP FOR ME!
Move aside Terakawa, there's a new favorite ramen joint in C-town! This place trumps Terakawa imo in a variety of ways:
1. Ample seating in an beautiful, fairy-lighted and wood-paneled venue. No more long waits, squeezing into cramped tables, and shouting at your friends because it's too loud. Plus, they'll serve your water in beakers! -pushes up hipster glasses-
2. Staff is friendly and patient! They'll also give recommendations on what to order based on your personal preferences. Don't lie, I know you've all been snapped at or rushed by the Terakawa staff (I certainly have been).
3. VARIETY OF RAMEN. For all the ramen connoisseurs out there, they've got everything - shio, shoyu, miso, and karai bases. Translated, that means they've got a variety of soup base flavors, so whether you're craving something light, something savory, or something super fiery, there's a ramen for you! Each is customizable, so you can add/hold toppings or change proteins, great for carnivores and herbivores alike (AKA VEGAN ALERT).
4. More than just ramen: there's sushi, buns, and a variety of appetizers. Bonus points for having boba and dessert options to really round out your meal.
5. There's a giant Iron Man display at the entrance and they bring you your bill in a Naruto manga volume. Yaaas.
I went here for lunch this weekend with a friend. I ordered the Strawberry Smoothie which was good for what I could drink of it, unfortunately it was mostly ice. We shared the Tempura Shumai which was delicious and we both had the Shio Ramen. It was okay at best. I found it to be very bland. I was also going to get the Snow Ice but decided not to. Good thing I left when I did because after an hour after eating, I was sick as a dog. My friend was fine but me... not so much. I don't know what it was but I won't be back.
I had a pretty average ramen experience here. I'm coming from having tried a lot of really really good ramen spots in NYC, so my opinion may be a bit biased. But I'm still happy Philly now has so many more ramen spots. This is actually my first time having ramen in philly and again, my experience was a pretty average. 

Ordered the pork buns and they were good but not spectacular. I'm pretty sure the sauce on them was just mayonnaise so that was a bit unexpected since that's not usually what is on pork buns...I then ordered the shio tonkatsu ramen and my mom had the miso tonkatsu ramen. The pork was good and not too fatty. My broth was much saltier than the miso broth. The miso was a very light broth ramen. Overall the size and price was pretty good. I just have had much better broth and noodles in ramen before.
I made a reservation through google and it's very convenient. If you prefer convenience, you can park at the parking garage near Reading Terminal Market on 11st between Filbert and Arch. 

Upon entering the restaurant I was greeted by a friendly hostess. Our waiter was very attentive. A lot of mixed drinks options. My husband and his friend ordered Coronarita and they enjoyed them.

All orders came out fast and served in disposable plates and bowls.

Appetizers: takoyaki balls are not too doughy, perfect amount of sauce. Shrimp wrapped in noodles were crunchy with spicy mayonnaise dipping. Edamame were warm and fresh. Sushi and sashimi: fish were fresh, enough amount of rice.

Main course: tan tan ramen and spicy ramen. My husband and his friend enjoyed them a lot.

Sushi rolls: the regular rolls are small but had good amount of fillings, not too expensive. Signature rolls: I forgot the names. I think one of them is tuna crunch and the other one has strawberry toppings with mango glaze filled with shrimp tempura. The one with strawberry is very different than regular sushi because it's sweet. The temperature had a nice crunchy batter.

I love the wall paintings depicting the Chinatown scenes.
Walk in and someone immediately screams at you, CASH ONLY!!!!!" I kept waiting for Ashton Kutcher to pop out because during my entire lunch I felt like I was in an episode of Punked.

Sparkling water? No. Can I have a soda water? No.

Nigiri sushi? No, you can only have the rolls on the menu. Huh? Really? 

Credit cards? No, cash or Venmo only. 

The waitress pretty much ignored us and we had to frantically waive her down to order anything (which clearly inconvenienced her and took away from her instagramming)

Check please (which had automatic gratuity on it). Upon asking for a receipt, she huffed at us. I asked for a receipt not a kidney lady I don't think my request necessitated a dramatic display of annoyance.  I do not do no do not recommend this place and am only giving two stars because the sushi rolls were actually fairly decent despite the numerous restaurant fails. Yamitsuki is an unpleasant unenjoyable place to eat.
I've dined at this particular establishment about five times now. Each experience has been different and wish they were more consistent. The last time I was there which was a few days ago they had a piece of paper on the door stating cash only. The waiter said it was just for the day but I know that's false because I seen the same piece of paper on the door walking past the place a few times. 

Another issue was the menu. They got rid of the lunch section all together. I find that a bit odd as they are located in Chinatown and have a lot of competition. Their food doesn't exactly stand out as their main dish is ramen. The service we received was above average but I won't be returning to this location. The waiter told me it's under new management and he decided to do away with the lunch menu. 

It's 2018 and I've paid with a debit card before at this restaurant. Don't be shady and try to be dishonest and say it's only for "today". Add some sort of lunch section to your menu until 3:00pm. It was a solid addition with the sushi and other choices. "If it's not broke don't fix it. Be honest with the customers. "The truth shall set you free". We  walked in around 2:30pm and only about four people were inside. :-/
Such a nice experience! Mia who was our server was so nice and had some great recommendations. My friend and I both started with the Lychee martini. It's a bit sweet but I thought it was delicious and refreshing and could have easily drank a few. As an appetizer we enjoyed the pork gyoza. The pork was very soft and tender and just the right amount of flavor with all the spices mixed in. Then for a sushi we had the smoked salmon roll. There was a good amount of salmon in the roll and on top with a sliver of mango to add some sweetness to the smoky flavor. For our main dish we each got ramen. I got the spicy ramen and added some corn with the pork. Very flavorful and not too spicy! There were plenty of flavors throughout each bite and I enjoyed it very much. 

Overall I think the atmosphere and experience was great! I have had ramen a few places now and I think this one is just as great as other ramen places. Everyone was really nice would answer any questions we had. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and I will definitely come back here sometime and try other menu items.
Cash or Venmo on Saturday and Sunday. 

Friendly service, pretty spacious area compared to the other famous Ramen in Chinatown. Menu has some cartoon backgrounds. 

I ordered mine to go. The girl recommended the spicy ramen and my husband loves it.

Definitely come back to try other dishes.
Came here realizing it was a soft opening but didn't realize it was cash only. I don't carry cash nor a debit card, so ramen was postponed for a week. Came on mother's day weekend. The place was not super busy but I assume there were RSVPs coming in so we were stuck in the back. That wasn't a big deal since it was nice having the entire ramen bar all to ourselves... Albeit next to bathroom entrance. 

Decor is nice and the iron man is pretty awesome. I think these philly establishments that try to emulate the japanese "greetings" (Irasshaimase) is not working and they should abandon that idea--Gyu-Kaku comes to mind. There aren't many real japanese spots in Philly metro so having non-japanese staff shout out Irasshaimase is just bad and is awkward. 

I ordered the miso spicy ramen with a poached egg (the topping was free due to the mother's day special!). My partner got the spicy vegetarian ramen + a free topping. I've only had paitan ramen once in NYC. I thought it was a unique flavor profile as i'm only accustomed to tonkotsu. I'm not sure what to really think after having Yamitsuki's "paitan" ramen. To me, it tasted and looked like tonkotsu ramen. Paitan broth is supposed to be creamy/milky white looking. I thought the broth was good, slightly salty. I wish the noodles weren't cooked so much. They were a bit soft for me and my partner. I thought the bowl of ramen was pretty good. However, my only gripe is the portion. It was pretty small. For 12.50 (price without the free topping), that's kinda steep. Overall, i enjoyed the ramen. The service was pretty good. 

I also ordered the rose tea with foam. This drink was pretty bomb. Perhaps anything with foam on top is good, but the tea is really nice with great flora aroma. It wasn't too sweet either. I'll be sure to stop by again to try their dessert options.
Came here for their first soft opening day and was blown away. I'm no expert on ramen, I've been pretty content eating the stuff from bags but wow. I got a chicken shio ramen, and the broth was so fresh and delicious. Everything was cooked to perfection especially the extremely tender pieces of chicken. Also ordered the pork buns, which were so delicious and just the right amount of fat and chewiness. I'm a weakling so I found the sauce pretty spicy but some of my friends didn't. Regardless, I'd eat those again! And sadly they didn't have bubbles for the bubble tea but the matcha milk tea was still very good. It actually tasted like tea, not that super artificially sweet tea they have at other bubble tea shops. We went all out with this meal and ordered snow ice that came with fried mochi, red bean, and jelly. I've never had snow ice before and I loved the combination of flavors and textures. It was a perfect light dessert that wasn't too sweet and didn't make me feel bloated or overindulgent. The ambiance and quirky/cute comic book decor was an added bonus. Awesome new spot!!!
This place is friggin awesome!!! 

I can honestly say that Yamitsuki has the best ramen I've ever had in my life! I ordered the pork shio ramen. The meat was perfect and the soup was very flavorful overall. Plus, the yuzu matcha was the perfect complement. Add to that all of the nods to the show Naruto and this place becomes an Otaku paradise. 

5 stars guys! Keep up the good work. :)
Best Ramen hands down, the service was amazing ! I go here for lunch and I get the vegan ramen. The service at night gets even better. We had Ramen, Crab roll, and the spicy crunchy shrimp. And Jasmine tea loved everything.
Seriously so good. We got the pork bun appetizer, spicy vegetarian ramen, and pork ramen. They were so good and flavorful- big portions with lots of toppings. I also got the sasuke drink- green tea with fresh blueberries. The drink was so good- I expected a hot green tea drink but it was cold and a bit carbonated. I would definitely recommend! 
Space is huge, plenty of seating, no wait.
I went here for the "soft opening" and was met with a disappointing experience.

The place bills itself as a "chicken ramen" restaurant, and yet for their soft opening, they literally had NO CHICKEN. Anything on the menu that contained chicken was unavailable. This left either pork options or vegetarian. I don't eat pork, so I went with the tofu ramen option. It was tasty, but it literally only had two tiny slivers of actual tofu in it.

I was dining with two friends, and they also ordered entrees plus numerous appetizers and drinks. Everything was perfectly tasty, but it took awhile to come out and our waitress was a mess. For instance, we ordered a shrimp appetizer but asked if we could substitute the sauce from a different dish for the spicy sauce the app came with. Somehow we struggled to communicate this to her, but we thought she finally got it... but then she brought out the app with the incorrect sauce anyway.

The waitress was really kind of a mess in general. She added chairs to our table for some reason, and slammed one into my knee while doing so.

The real insult was toward the end of our meal. One of our party had to step out to feed the parking meter, and it became clear that our waitress was growing impatient. She checked to see if we wanted dessert and we said that we thought our friend did, but we had to wait for her to come back. The waitress' mouth said "No hurry, take your time," but her actions said "Get the f*** out of here ASAP." She started clearing dishes, and at one point she YANKED my bubble tea off the table without asking - I wasn't done with it. We also saw her whispering with the manager, who then came over to inform us that if we wanted dessert (water ice) we had to order it from the bar.

So even though the food was good, we were left with a bad taste in our mouths because of the service. Our total bill was a little over $71, which isn't bad for three apps, three entrees and three drinks.
This is by far my favorite ramen place ever! The service is so nice and the food is amazing. I have not been disappointed yet and my kids love it here. They have a really cool display and seating area up front and a really nice setting throughout the entire restaurant. So nice to walk into a really modern place.

I've only stuck with one type of ramen when I've come, but I have tried tons of different appetizers and had samples of the other broths from my husband. The spicy pork ramen is bomb! Noodles weren't over cooked, the pork wasn't fatty and very moist, and the spice was perfect. I didn't need to ask for extra peppers or anything. Chicken bao bun is AMAZING. Chicken is melt in your mouth. Order it. I know u won't be disappointed. And for dessert, we tried the matcha mousse cake. Oh M Gee!! This is the best Cake ever. I wanted to order another slice.

Can't wait to go back again!!!
I went to Yamitsuki during its soft opening with a friend, and it was a horrible experience. Let me start off by saying that the food itself was good; I really enjoyed the flavorful chicken ramen broth. However, I don't know if it's our waitress' fault or the kitchen's fault or if there was miscommunication between the two, but none of my orders came out right. I ordered a spicy miso ramen with bamboo shoots and soft-boiled egg and a rose tea. I asked for no bean sprouts for my ramen and no boba for my rose tea. Guess what? My ramen came with bean sprouts but didn't come with the add-ons, while my tea came with boba. I asked our waitress where my add-ons were and why there's boba in my tea, and she said she would ask the kitchen about it. I finally got the soft-boiled egg but not the bamboo shoots, and my tea didn't come until I finished eating my ramen. We asked for the check after I got my tea, and it was cool that it was inserted into Naruto manga. When I saw "cash only" on the bottom of the receipt, colors drained from my face since I didn't bring enough cash. My friend lent me a $20 bill to cover my order, and we asked for change. Ten minutes after, the change still didn't come, and we were too impatient that we just left. It would have been fine if it were just one mistake, but everything that I asked was ignored throughout the night. I still had to pay for the add-on bamboo shoot that I didn't even get. The base prices for the ramen is expensive, and if you order add-ons (which you may not get), you really have to have enough cash as they quickly add up. I've had way better ramen in LA whose base price is only $7, which is reasonable if your pricing system is to have add-on options. Simply put, this was the worst restaurant experience I've had in a long time.
Our friend brought my wife and I here for dinner a few times now and haven't been disappointed. The restaurant seems to always be busy which is a great sign. They have some sushi rolls but let's face you're really here for the ramen. I've tried the Char Siu Deluxe ramen (my go to) and the spicy ramen (another go to). The ramen was perfectly al dente, curly and a great slurpiness. It has everything you can ask for in a ramen bowl. The broth was porky and rich. Char siu delicious and generous portions. Everything is reasonably priced too. Staff was friendly and attentive. The interior is modern and has a great vibe.
I went to yamitsuki last week and tried a few different things from the menu. 
Shishito Peppers were very good.  Spicy but you couldn't stop eating them. 
Pork buns were tasty and definitely didn't skimp out on the portion of pork. 
Spicy Miso Ramen with Pork Chashu and poached egg was great.  The broth could be a little thicker but the pork chashu was cooked well and the flavors were excellent.  It was spicy, but nothing unbearable. 

Definitely a restaurant to checkout in Chinatown

Ohhh also had a honey matcha iced tea.  It was sweet and refreshing.
I've been to Yamitsuki a few times and it was a tough decision whether to give this restaurant 4 stars. However, I settled on 4 although the food can be lackluster at times. 

The nice part about the restaurant is that it is spacious, clean, and has a great setup. Everything about Yamitsuki screams a great, chill night to hang out with your friends and drink a couple beers. 

The quality of the food is a little inconsistent and I do not recommend the ramen. There are better places in Philly for a great bowl of ramen. The menu has something for everybody so if you don't like the ramen, you can get bao buns, don bowls, sushi, curry rice platters as well as a great selections of drinks.

The service is great at Yamitsuki and I have no complaints. They also take Venmo is you don't have enough cash on you.
I was in Philadelphia for a conference and needed a place to catch a quick dinner and I was on my own! This place was very close to the convention center/where my hotel was and the menu looked great. I sat at the bar and got some gyoza and a nice bowl of ramen which was delicious! The service was attentive and the food came fast and the price (for the area) was reasonable! Would definitely come back.
I am always down for some good ramen (and good Asian food in general) and yamitsuki did not disappoint. 

There's now a sushi bar in the restaurant, which is awesome because you can mix and match your perfect meal. Mine consisted of oysters (with a delicious ponzu-like sauce), lots of sashimi, nap buns, and some of the tastiest ramen I've had. 

The ramen has an almost creamy quality to it -- without feeling fatty or heavy. 

Also, the iced teas here are delicious. 

Definitely stop in!!
So I rarely give this low of a score but I wasn't impressed at all.  Came here on a Wednesday during Happy Hour.  My friend and I decided to try a few things off the appetizer menu.  We got crispy shrimp, squid rings, seaweed salad, shrimp tempura rolls, and she got shrimp Udon Noodles.  Nothing was spectacular at all.  The squid rings taste like they were frozen and just fried.  The crispy shrimp were just okay.  Seaweed salad was decent.  

For the drink portion The blueberry mojito i order was sour and didn't taste good at all.  She decided to get two drinks.  One of which was a warm tea and whisky mix and she enjoyed that.  The other was some sort of drink with ginger and she wasn't a huge fan.  

The food came out at a somewhat decent time but it took us about 50 minutes to get our drinks.  They stated that the bar was backed up.  Why would you only have one lady at the bar working during happy hour and not send her any help ??? I honestly wouldn't give this place another try.  Just looking at the menu and the experience that we had there are way more restaurants that I've been too that have better food.  The restaurant itself is cute and has a nice anime decor but it was hot as hell in there.  It's hot as hell outside no one wants to dine in and have to also deal with the heat.
We tried a little bit of everything on the menu and all pretty tasty!! The Yamitsuke Lemon Tea with fresh mint was definitely the best drink ordered, so refreshing!! Both the sushi, ramen, and katsu were all delicious. Wish the curry ramen was slightly spicier, yet I did get chili oil to add. All of the dishes had a bunch of complex flavors making each bite exciting. Service could be slightly more attentive, but overall good experience
Amazing! I ordered the karai ramen with pork belly, bean sprouts, and bamboo. It was so yummy. The broth was rich, spicy, and savory. The veggies (including sprouts) were either blanched or pickled, but still a little crispy when it counted. The egg was perfect-soft boiled so the white was firm but the yolk a little gooey. For dessert I had the matcha snow ice. I might have to sneak back tomorrow just so I can get this again. I was expecting something akin to shave ice, but it was like a huge nest of spun green tea ice cream (not sure if there was actual cream, but it was so rich and the texture was creamy) topped with azuki beans, grass jelly, sliced strawberries, and fried mochi. Amazing.
Got ramen and sushi via delivery from Yamitsuki. Quick and easy delivery (non contact) and everything was packed neatly and still piping hot. I have to say the spicy Ramen with chicken was absolutely delish: full of flavor and toppings including corn and an egg (must have an egg in my ramen!) We also ordered the shrimp tempura sushi which was only $7 and really good! I plan to order the Yamitsuki ramen and pork and eggplant buns next time! Would absolutely recommend for delivery or takeout on a cold day or night.
The two stars are for its service and nice ambience. Friendly staff and stylish deco, but the ramen was soooo salty, tasted like instant noodle. If you are looking for really Japanese ramen, this is the wrong place to go. If you are looking for friends hanging out or a date night, doesn't hurt to give it a try. Won't go back!
Omg... First place in Philly for food and glad we came. We arrived late from our road trip and I was concerned that it was too late. But lots of great Asian food options nearby. Once we started walking it was hard to not get distracted by all the other yummy looking places. This place was friendly and quick. Would have loved a piece of pork and egg in it but the broth was killer and spot on. Not too salty and not too spicy. Totally umam! We need one of these around Chicago. Better than Ramen Misoya! I think that this place will forever have a place in my heart when I think about Philly. Their pork buns were amazing and fresh!!! And to finish it off... Another unique and cute nostalgic item... The checkbook was a copy of the Japanese Narito comic.
We were under the impression there were no reservations available based on checking online. However, we swung by and were seated immediately. I ordered jasmine pearl tea to start and it was perfect for a cold day.

I ordered the miso ramen.  It came out piping hot and the broth was very creamy and flavorful.  The seasoned egg had a perfect jelly yolk and so delicious.  I opted for the pork instead of chicken. The pork was seasoned perfectly and literally melted in my mouth.  I wish I had more of it!  My fiance ordered the spicy ramen and it had a great kick to eat.  I liked that it came with corn as the sweetness balanced out the spicy broth.

Service was attentive and everyone was very friendly. They had an excellent happy hour.  Can't wait to come back and order drinks too!
My friends and I decided to try this place out on a spontaneous decision to try restaurant week in Philly. One of the main reasons why we chose this place was that they were able to accommodate a group of ten with a reservation made on the same day. We had tried making a reservation with several other establishments, but no other place was able to serve a large group on such a short notice. This should have been an initial indication that this was a bad choice.

When we came in, there were only two other tables with customers despite it being restaurant week in Philly. The menu for the week was actually very intriguing, which was another reason why we had chosen this place. They offered a 4-course meal along with a drink for $35! In my opinion, that is a pretty darn good deal.  

For this meal, I ordered a spider bun to begin this 4-course meal. It was slightly on the salty side and did not taste fresh. It seemed like it was left out for awhile since it was cold and lacked the crispiness that comes with being a fried dish. I continued my meal with takoyaki, which is always a favorite for me. However, I was extremely disappointed with the takoyaki. It was overly cooked and burnt. I was also extremely displeased was the fact that I had received my takoyaki a good 10 minutes after most of my friends had received their second choices. This obviously led me to believe that my takoyaki was left cooking and unchecked for quite some time. 

For the main entree, I ordered the King Salmon Roll. Once again, I was not pleased. The roll was very bland and the "crunchy" flakes on top seemed stale. I ended the meal with a creme brulee, which was the only thing that was decent for the entire meal.

For the cocktail choice, I ordered the Iron Man which includes at least 4 different types of alcohol and a full can of red bull. I am not sure if it was the mixed of all the different types of alcohol or the food, but later that night, I had the worse stomach ache I have ever had in years. It was like my body was trying to get rid of something terribly toxic. 

Definitely will not be going back to this establishment anytime in the future.
I was invited to come back to Yamitsuki and try more off the menu, and I brought three friends with me so we could try a lot of different things that I didn't get to try last time.

Yamitsuki really blew me away again, and I was more impressed than the first time I came.  This time, we got their okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) and really enjoyed it.  An interesting choice they did was put BBQ sauce I think on the okonomiyaki.  Overall, it worked out well - I don't know that it was the best okonomiyaki I've had but it hit the spot.  The batter was super fluffy for sure.  We also ordered their TNT roll and we absolutely loved it.  This was one of the most delicious sushi roll combos I've ever had and I wish we ordered two.  It was slightly spicy, the fish tasted fresh and it had a nice crunch to it.  Texture and taste wise, it was everything I like in a roll and the cream cheese really brought it all together. 

As for ramen, we each ordered a bowl for ourselves: I had the pork Yamitsuki signature ramen, and my friends had the tonkotsu ramen, miso ramen, and chintan ramen.  All of the broths were so delicious and ranged from refreshing to rich.  My favorite this go around was actually the miso ramen, it had a really unique mix of rich and refreshing taste to it.  The noodles are cooked *exactly* how I like them - in my opinion, ramen noodles shouldn't be cooked al dente like Italian noodles, I think they do better on the softer side and Yamitsuki totally gets that.

We also ordered a round of Japanese fruit beers (melon, peach, and pear) and I really loved every flavor. They were super delicious and hard to not drink too fast! We loved the unique bottle cap and design, and I would honestly go here just to get another one of these and wish I knew where I could get a 6 pack.  We also ordered a bottle of junmai ginjyo sake to split, and it was the perfect middle ground of not super dry and just a little sweet, very drinkable.

Service was great, and they have a venmo / paypal option for payment which is convenient as well as an ATM inside.

Yamitsuki is a *must go to* place for sure! They also run a TON of promotions during the Holidays. Take a group of your friends and come here for warm noodles cooked to perfection, split several of their sushi rolls, and enjoy their incredible Japanese spirits and amazing service. After having had so much of the menu, I feel super confident recommending this to anyone. We had such a good time and can't wait to come back.
Pleasantly surprised by this place! 

Came here for lunch on Thursday with a coworker. We were greeted by a giant iron man statue, followed by a menu that was a little bit naruto themed, with all kinds of food! We were a bit confused by the theme and decorations, but the food ended up being amazing.

My friend ordered the chicken-don for only $5 and it basically looked like a meal if it's own. I ordered the cucumber appetizer and not only was it aesthetically pleasing, but also delicious. 

The ramen is the best part. I got the spicy tonkatsu ramen with extra bamboo shoots in a regular. And while the bowl may look small, THERE ARE ENDLESS NOODLES. The more I ate the more I felt like there were. Honestly such a big portion for such a good price! The flavoring was a bit salty, but the texture and shape of the noodles were absolutely delicious. I will definitely be back for more ramen. 

Overall, our meal came to about $37 with tax and tip which I thought was a very good price for 2 appetizers and 2 entrees.
Thank u for made my day with really nice service and food, I'm just having a bad day with the way Terakawa treated us so I'm really thankful when your hostess greeted us with smile and your waitress being friendly and pay attention to our table ,food wise we order some sushi ,ramen , chicken katsu and a pot of their tea, everything was excellent ,I really love their tea, it's really up to their specialty "Tea Bar" . Definitely my go to place for ramen,tea and Japanese comfort food
I really liked the spicy pork broth, and the egg was great, but I prefer the noodles at Terakawa and Cheu. We also had the tempura shumai, and I would get that again.
I hate giving low rated reviews because I know they turn away people from the restaurant. But, I have to be honest about this one.
Everything I am about to say has been stated with other reviews as problems before. I had a very poor experience and I honestly do not know why this restaurant is currently rated 4 stars.

Breakdown
-----------------------------
Star #1 - Atmosphere/Decor:
The atmosphere is very nice (probably the only thing nice here...haha). The decor is modern and the restaurant looks fairly new. Nice wooden, trendy look to the restaurant. It earns the star.

Star #2 - Service:
The service was terrible. Upon being seated we were served water. Then the wait began. We had to call our waiter to take our drink orders. And then we had to call a different waiter that we were ready to order, but he still didn't take our order. He went to tell our waiter that we were ready and then came back saying that she was making our drinks. How lazy. Later, since we were seated towards the back, next to the kitchen, we could see our food sitting on a tray waiting to be served. We told our server that we see our food sitting there on the counter (we ordered two ramens and a bowl). She then had to ask us what we ordered! And after we told her our order, she said that the food on the counter wasn't ours because that was curry. Then, she went back to get another server to ask him what the food was and then he told her that they were ramens so she apologized and served us our food. By the time we got our ramens, they were half cold. Later, when I walked back to the bathroom, I saw one of the servers sitting down on his phone drinking a boba (this was the lazy one stated earlier)!! Not only this but after getting our check, I realized that I was served the wrong drink! And it was a dollar more! Terrible service, some of the worst I've seen. Star definitely not earned.

Star #3/4 - Food:
The food was almost as bad as the service. I ordered the shoyu tonkatsu ramen and was extremely disappointed. The soup base was bland and tasted diluted. Some of the worst ramen I've had. The miso tonkatsu ramen was a little better than the shoyu. The base was still bland and diluted but some flavor made it to my taste buds. On both ramens and even the rice bowl, the pork was tough. The rice bowl was unflavorful, the rice wasn't well seasoned and there were barely any toppings. I can't even give one star to this place for food. Absolutely horrendous, zero stars earned.

PS: the ramen noodles aren't even proper ramen noodles. they are more like instant noodles that you can buy from a grocery store.

Star #5 - Cost/Value:
The cost was good which is why this restaurant got two stars. Thank goodness for that. 10 bucks for a ramen that is tasteless/bland doesn't sound too good to me, but it is relatively cheap for a ramen. Star sadly earned.

Overall, I honestly wouldn't recommend this place unless you are dying for ramen and a foot away. Try any other restaurant in Chinatown because you might have better luck. Not a four-star restaurant.
I've dined here a few times and it has always been good. The atmosphere is nice and the staff is usually very friendly. The pork and chicken buns are soooo good, I usually order those with spicy ramen. 
I also like the selection of teas & drinks. No complaints at all.
I walked in one day and was falsely accused of not paying a bill that was left by a group of people last week. Apparently, the waitress there mistake we were the group of people that "did not pay" the bill. I was treated as a thief and that really piss me off. This place need a better surveillance system. They can not show proves nor they were sure if it was us. The waitress treated us with a very bad attitude. I will never come back here again. If you need a good ramen place, go to Terakawa. I went here because terakawa was packed. They overcharged and the only ramen that actually taste ok is the Karai. Yamitsuki owes me and apology!
My friends and I found Yamitsuki while desperately searching for ramen that would be open late night and close by in Chinatown on a cold and rainy night. Walking in around 11pm, I was blown away by the venue and atmosphere itself.  It looked very new, clean, and fun: unique decorations, cool lighting, and water served in small beakers.  

We were quickly attended to and the food came out fairly quickly.  I ordered the Shoyu ramen with pork.  Now, I definitely would not consider myself a ramen expert, but I wasn't super satisfied.  Everything was just ok and I definitely would not say bad at all! The hot broth and well cooked noodles were just what I wanted.  Personally, I wasn't impressed with the pork: there were only two or three pieces, and after being soaked in the ramen broth, there wasn't much flavor to it.  The broth itself was too salty for me; I found myself going through roughly 1250 mL (per beaker measurements) of water throughout my meal.

The price was good-$10 for a regular bowl, and I was happy (for a late night meal), not too full and I didn't leave hungry.  Perhaps I set my expectations too high because I was in Chinatown of a big(ish) city.  Overall, not bad, not great.
Chicken shio broth was good!  Noodles were al dente which is the way I like it.  The chicken was juicy.  I also had sweet matcha drink and it was not as sweet as all the other drinks which is right up my alley.  The server explained that most drinks do no have an added sugar which is great in my opinion.  They were in their "soft-opening" phase some things were well and some needed improvement, but thats understandable.  I am so happy to see a chicken ramen place-more to eat in Philly!
Really good ramen, always comes out the way I like it, broth is similar to Terakawa, i came here for lunch and dinnner and both are good

Noodles were hard and al dente, overall good place to give your ramen palette a try
Yamitsuki is a casual ramen eatery with a comfy, cozy, (and maybe a little nerdy) feel, that checks all the right boxes for inexpensive, flavorful comfort foods and a few adventurous options (I see you fruit beer).

While hunting down a casual ramen spot, we were led to Yamitsuki not only a few blocks from my office on the Parkway, but about a block from the convention center, by a recent Philly Mag article: 
 https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/ramen-soup-philadelphia/

So my wife and I decided to scope it out and we were impressed by the delicious, easy service inexpensive casual dining and great specials that make us want to return!

Pros:

We both had the Chashu ramen on recommendation of our server.  The broth was a meaty affair with thick slices of pork and chicken and an opaque broth.  Noodles were chewy and we would have liked to try adding in a little more spice in the future. I hear there's a spice bomb option that I'll investigate next time.  What's nice about the Chashu is it lets you try both the pork and chicken and we both agreed the melty chicken was far better and we might gravitate towards a chicken only option.

The Rock shrimp were enjoyable and on par with similar fried shrimp with a mayo-based sauce. Hard to go wrong (it was also recommended)!

The bao buns were equally enjoyable and we found the pork bao to be better prepared and with an enjoyable and ever so slightly spicy sauce.  The honey wasabi chicken buns were fine, but the sauce drenched the bun and made it slightly soggy for us.  I also wish the buns were served warmer.  

The drink menu features a number of traditional standards, Japanese twists on cocktails, high energy cocktails and some interesting beers. I tried the cherry berry fruit beer which was fun but incredibly sweet - geared towards a younger version!

Prices were incredibly reasonable and our dinner including drinks, 2 bowls of ramen, 4 buns, and shrimp was very inexpensive.

Service was perhaps the best feature of Yamitsuki - fast, prompt, knowledgeable servers who guided us through the menu and were incredibly friendly.  It's worth noting that both the manager and owner stopped by to ensure things were good.  

Happy Hour and Lunch specials seem like even better deals - a bowl of ramen and a bun for 12 dollars seems terrific for lunch and a variety of low priced appetizers and drinks makes this place seem like a great place to start a night on the weekend. 

Cons:

I'm not sure the ambiance is for me. It appears they're transitioning from a pop-py, fun, anime style to something more casual and enjoyable.  I think the eclectic crowd (one of the most diverse I've ever seen in any restaurant let alone Chinatown) appreciated the style and finishing touches.

I do wish they had a few more condiments on the table to add to the ramen.  At times I wanted to play with the bowl and also ramp things up a little.

Other notes: they dont take credit cards, but are more than just cash only.  Venmo and PayPal are acceptable as well.  I think that's "cash only" in the 21st century!

Conclusion:  For an inexpensive but delicious casual affair, I think we might have found a new go-to spot in Chinatown.  For the price, especially when we need some warm Japanese comfort food, it's hard to think about going further than the few short blocks to Yamitsuki.  I think we're fans now and we'll return!
Came here to eat with my friends and the servers/manager ganged up on us, saying we were drunk and ate without paying last weekend. I was not even there last weekend!! One friend was there but didn't even drink that night. Overall, IDGAF if one friend was there -- they accused our entire party and was adamant that I was there. That just tells you how petty this establishment is & how quick they're to shift blame without solid facts. Never in my life have I've ever done some petty eat and run type sht. Will NEVER step foot in this place again and absolutely will not recommend you do either
Came here to try the ramen since everyone was raving about it. The price was definitely higher than I had expected. If the food was great, the price wouldn't be a big deal to me. But, the food was not, it was mediocre and quite bland. Also, service was not that great.
The food was good, the ramen had a good flavor, and the teas were delicious and not overly sweet or artificial tasting like many other places. The service was pretty attentive as well. My only complaint is that everything was overpriced, especially the ramen. A $10-11 base price for a regular bowl of ramen is pretty steep, especially when it doesn't even come with the mushroom, bamboo, and egg that it would normally be served with at other ramen houses, for the same price or even cheaper! By the time you add all the additional toppings that it should already come with, you'd be paying $15 for a small bowl of ramen!
This is the worst Japanese Raman I ever had. It's not a typical Japamese resturant at all. Music is loud, noodles are hard and taste terrible, and the bamboos in the soup even turn rotted and smell like dead meat. Don't go!
Wonderful Ramen .... tastes very, very close to the authentic ramen items you would get in Japan.  Also, Yamitsuki's shaved ice is very delicious, rarely available in the ramen joints in Japan.  Recommended without reservation by a Japanese guy!!
Yamitsuki Ramen. My friend has the Spicy Ramen. I added the spicy garlic paste which really gave the ramen a kick. The ramen was super filling and yummy. I enjoyed it! The service was so so and the waitress wasn't that helpful and she forgot to check on us during our meal and I had to go to the bar to ask for more water. Good food tho and a good lunch special.
I don't really rate on yelp unless there's something that picks out to me, but this place has a lot of inexcusable things that go unnoticed. I came here a few times, and here is what's been going on.

PROS
-sushi and appetizers are decent

CONS
-there are underage workers (under 18) that serves alcohol
-the ramen is extremely salty
-the service is really slow at times and I barely receive any service or attention at times when I need an order. I rarely see my server in sight. 
-there are cockroaches on the noodle bar and behind some of the sauces from what I've seen sitting at the noodle bar. 

Overall, I'd recommend to be wary if you choose to eat here.
TL;DR service is so so, food is so so, interior is very well done, bring cash, overpriced. 


Came here tonight with my bf and our baby. At first I thought it would be a calm dinner but once we walked in they were bumping house music at full blast. I had called before we came in to make sure we would have room to bring the baby in a stroller. When I asked the hostess about it she responded with "you called HERE?" YES, I called here..... 

once we were seated we realized we would have to fold up our stroller so if you have a baby be prepared! Luckily our baby can sleep through anything and slept through club yamitsuki. 

We ordered the spider buns, a sweet matcha, a spicy miso, a shio and shishito peppers. The spider buns were whatever, I let my bf finish mine. It was pretty difficult to eat. Also how is it plausible that 2 pieces of crab buns are the same price as 1 bowl of ramen?? The sweet matcha was worth it but seriously if they messed that up it would be ridiculous. 

The shishito peppers were good, but there were so many on the plate that I got sick of it quickly. The dipping salt it came with was really addicting. 

The ramen was just okay. The noodles were exactly the same as nom nom ramen as was the pork. The broth was pretty decent. I like the chicken base since its much lighter than pork based soup. 

Service wise it was kind of spotty. Our server was nice as was another in passing. BE AWARE, apparently during their soft opening phase they are only accepting cash. Unfortunately the server should have told us as soon as we sat down since we awkwardly had to run to an atm. We also asked one server for a fork and she never brought it to us.. she literally walked 3 feet away and started to do something else. We had to ask another server to bring us one.

All in all the food is just okay and the interior is gorgeous. But the beaker cups and receipt in the comic book is kind of weird. Will I come back? Sure maybe when their soft opening phase is over. The fact that they are still in their soft opening is the only reason im giving them 3 stars instead of 2.
Disclaimer: lived in Japan 
Rating based off spicy pork ramen

Not far off from top ramen with Sriracha for spice. The egg was half an egg with a cold yolk... not sure how much money they are saving there, but definitely not making the meal any better. The broth was suppose to be creamy but legit was the consistency of cup-o-noodles. For 11$ it's not worth it. My brother and his husband had two other ramen soups and we all left disappointed.  I'm just being honest. The waitress got a good tip for keeping the waters full. Will not be coming back.
Let me just say that a delicious, hot, bowl of Ramen is the perfect meal on a cold and rainy Philly day. Yamitsuki was a great experience all the way around. The food was excellent, the staff was helpful and attentive. The restaurant itself had a really cool vibe. Most importantly, it was comfortable and clean. My experience was excellent. If your craving some Ramen while visiting Philly, check them out!
Delicious and really nice environment. The menu had many options and was definitely really satisfied with the experience
Came here with three friends for dinner after the PAX convention. We called ahead for seating thankfully. They have a huge table in the back that we had to share with several other parties, which was fine. I would not recommend this place though if you have a large group. 

We ordered some baos for appetizers, and when it came it was sad to say the least. The bread was falling apart, and there was a small leaf of lettuce in the bao which added nothing. The meat was very thin, but looked kind of old. The taste was decent but nothing to to rave about. 

I ended up ordering a pork katsu curry dish. That was actually very flavorful and delicious. I liked it a lot. They have a great happy hour that we unfortunately missed, but their beers are pretty cheap even without the happy hour prices. 

However, service in the back there, was almost nonexistent. We didn't have any utensils and had to go seek out the wait staff to get some. I wanted to order more beer, but they never came back to see if we were OK and to see if wanted more drinks. Isn't that an easy way for them to get more tip and make more money? Weird. 

Overall, if you are at the convention center and want to grab a bite, this is a viable option, but I have to believe that there are other better places out there.
I've been to China Town in San Francisco, in Chicago, in Washington DC, each of which many times.  This was our first adventure into Philly's.

Came in for lunch based upon the stars. We should have read the reviews as the "stars" here are a bit generous.

Pleasant waitress but she seemed very intent on making sure we didn't forget appetizers. (she pressed rather hard, didn't appreciate that). She seemed a bit perturbed that we did not want appetizers and when we relented and ordered edamame, I'm pretty sure I got a "sniff" of distain.

Liked the atmosphere and ambiance, trendy.

The soup took much longer to arrive than expected. I am comparing this to the Pho restaurants that we frequent in Northern VA.

When the soup did arrive, the presentation was impressive. The Spicy Shoyu Chintan was tasty and there was a considerable amount of meat in the bowl, but the fattyness of the meat killed my appetite and I left the majority of the food behind. As it turns out, my daughter's dish had similarly overly fatty meat and it grossed her out. My daughter and I got something else to eat somewhere else afterwords. My wife liked hers which was one of the curry soups.

Overall we found that we are more inclined to go Pho for asian soup cravings.
This is a ramen and sushi restaurant with a full bar, and desserts. They accept cash, Paypal, and Venmo, but no cards. 

The menu has a good selection of different types of ramen dishes, with several noodle options. They also have Udon, hot entrees, appetizers, and sushi. 

We got ramen, some edamame, shumai, and some drinks. Everything was cooked nicely, and the service was good. The atmosphere is pretty casual, and overall it was a solid meal.
This is one of Philly's newest ramen spots around town and it's decent. 

Here are some highlights:
- Cash Only as of 6/18/16
- Very modern and sleek decor. Good location for date night.
- They use a chicken base broth for a lot of their ramen. You can get chicken or pork added.
- Pork Buns are average. Ours was slathered with Japanese mayo and it could use some hoisin or another sauce. It was pretty bland overall compared to other pork buns I've had elsewhere.
- Ramen is good! Just beware if you order the spicy one. It was insanely spicy, even for someone who loves spicy food. It was hard to finish everything and I didn't even attempt to drink the soup.
- Accommodating to large groups. Saw groups of 6 to 10 people here for lunch on a Sunday. 
- Bubble tea and shaved ice here as well

Overall, I will be willing to give this place another shot in the near future and see if their pork buns improve.
This relatively new ramen spot to Chinatown is gaining quick popularity. Though it is the most expensive of the ramen places, $10-11 for regular bowls and $13-14 for the large size. Large is ideal for any hungry guy, especially since ramen bowls typically only come with 3 slices of chasu meat.

Ambience will appeal to your inner nerd. You're greeted by a life size iron man suit (Hulkbuster edition) and an array of anime figurines. People often praise their checks are served in Naruto manga books, but they seemed to have stopped by now. 

Overall: 4/5 enjoy their more unique broth styles like spicy karai or curry flavors
Delicious- Ben at the bar took great care of us. They crispy shrimp was incredible and the spicy ramen was delicious. Fun atmosphere...
A little gem in Chinatown! Great spot for a casual bite. As soon as you walk into Yamitskuki Ramen, the delicious aromas fill your nose. Spacious booths up front give way to larger tables in the back where large parties can gather to enjoy fresh sushi, creative rice bowls and huge bowls of warm, comforting ramen with all the fixins. A full bar with a surprisingly large sake selection for such a casual place. Great lunch specials too! I'll definitely be back.
My husband and I went there for dinner after work and my husband ended up with the worst food poisoning experience ever. About five hours after dinner my husband started to throw up and did it for another two times during the night. We searched the reviews of this place and found another post that had exactly the same food poisoning experience here. This place has some serious food safety problems. No idea why they have such a high rating.
My husband and I arrived and the only seating they had available was the bar but we had the decision to eat there or wait for a seat, so we decided to wait. Well the hostess didn't take or name down because it was only four people waiting. Well within 5 min a bunch of people came in and she took there names down and sat them down before us and it took someone to realize that we were there before them. She asked for our name and I told her that you never took it. 
Besides that little hiccup the food was really good. I started off with the crispy shrimp and the chicken bun. My husband started with the spider bun and spicy chicken ramen. The strawberry smoothie was amazing! Overall we will be back, but I think we will make reservations to avoid waiting for a table
I tried ramen for the first time at this place, and I was particularly satisfied with the quality of ramen served here. The quality of service and the speed of service was excellent here, especially since we arrived during the late-night hours. Since I prefer vegetarian options to carnivorous options, I opted for the Curry Yasai ramen, which had tofu and Japanese curry in their standard vegetarian broth. The amount of ramen for the price was very reasonable, and while forks are not available, the chopsticks learning curve ended up being successful for me. The curry flavor was excellent (not overwhelming or underwhelming), and the bamboo inside the ramen complemented the flavor well. Overall, I would definitely return here when I travel to Philadelphia again.
This place is new, sleek, and modern. Stopped by on a whim for a quick lunch with the husband, which indeed was quick because of the nice service, but unfortunately also because of the small portion size. I normally do not finish a bowl of ramen in any of the ramen joints around Philly, but this one was easily smallest. Still, their chicken soup base is clean and doesn't make you feel nasty afterwards. Added an egg and paid about $15 total.
Based on what I heard about this place I was hoping for more. I had the miso ramen and was disappointed. The egg topping was lukewarm and the flavor of the broth was subpar. What put me off most was the service. Approximately 2 minutes after I had paid my bill I was interrupted and told to hurry up because someone was waiting for the seat. I can understand maybe if we had lingered for a long time and they were busy, but 2 minutes? I think that's ridiculous. Will not be returning.
Great service, but decent ramen. Dropped in randomly today as I walked by and noticed that it's still their soft opening, so there should be room for improvement. I was seated right away and the food came out super quick.

The inside looks really nice and trendy with a big life sized hulk buster suit of armor in the lobby. I'm not sure why it's there, or why a friend of mine from nyc saw my ramen knew about the armor to ask about the iron man.

With the soft opening ,it's cash opening, with a decent amount of seating in the front and back. Two bars are available, one is for food and one for drinks and desserts? I only had a small shoyu ramen ($10) and it came with cabbage, a slice of seaweed, a naruto, and some pork belly (option of this or chicken) in a chicken broth. The noodles weren't bad, the broth was a bit on the salty side. A soft boiled egg is not included, but during the soft opening you get a free add-on, which do not include an extra side of chicken/pork. I got an egg, which was slightly over cooked. It was toeing the line between hard boiled and soft boiled. The reason this was 3 and not 4 stars was because the pork. I paid an extra $2.5 for some pork belly and both the side and pork in my ramen were over cooked. They were both too dry and overly marinated to the point of being too salty.
Awesome place! Love the decor, especially the welcoming of iron man.. But besides all of that.. I had the spicy ramen, pork bun, spider bun & the mango shave ice for desserts!! Can I say my tummy was satisfy!! Definitely will be back to try other stuff on the menu. Welcome to Chinatown Yamitsuki!
A nice hidden gem that holds it own against the oversaturated ramen market. Yamitsuki was a plesant experience. I've been fortunate enough to have tried all the ramen spots in Chinatown and I must say Yamitsuki holds it own. Adding sushi to their menu was a great compliment along with the Japanese Curry meal. I haven't found good Japanese Curry in Philly since GoGo Curry in NY. 

I look forward to coming back on my next visit.
We were so impressed tonight with their service.  They were so gracious and accommodating to our party of 6 adults and five children, and even went out of their way to to make dishes available that met my children's numerous food allergy requirements.
The food was delicious and dessert was incredible.
We'll definitely be returning!
Was wandering around reading terminal market and stumbled upon this gem and we were so so happy. Ramen broth is the perfect balance of flavor and richness and the cha siu was so perfectly cooked. The lunch special is an amazing deal and we also enjoyed the pork bun sandwich. Also extra points for the beautiful interior and tastefully incorporated manga & anime decor.
Although the name is Yamitsuki Ramen, this place has way more than just ramen. From sushi to curry and don (rice) to udon, there's a little something for everyone -- perfect for a group dinner or happy hour.

I've been here twice with two different groups or people for dinner and it's been a hit both times. 

I'm a big spice lover but really wanted to try the yamitsuki ramen so the waiter got me some hot pepper flakes on the side (hell yea!). The karrage came straight out from the frier and was perfectly hot, crispy, and flavorful. 

I'll definitely be back to try their happy hour.
Have not tried the ramen here, but the true winner in my mind is the snow ice. My friend and I have gotten snow ice at other ice cream spots in Ctown and after trying the snow ice here, determined they were "garbage!!". We got matcha and taro to share, and I've heard they also have mango, though it was not available when we went. Matcha came with fried mochi, red bean, grass jelly, and strawberries, while taro came with the same but with crushed oreos instead of strawberries. Texture was light, flavor was good, do yourself a favor and come here often!
YUM!  Spider bun (soft shell crab), pork bun, tonkatsu ramen, and a parting gift from our server. Food was so good i didn't take pics of the dumplings, crispy shrimp or dessert. . Our server Joyce was amazing! Great attentiveness and customer service!
Had an enjoyable sushi dinner here. I appreciated they were open later than some other places. It has a nice interior, good service and the sushi was tasty and fresh despite this not being the exclusive focus of their menu.
So I ended up trying this place the way I usually do. I go downtown, and where ever I find parking, I try out the restaurants in the area. I just happened to luck out and park one block down from here. And just in time to place a very last-minute happy hour order. 

Yamitsuki Ramen is doing a great job keeping their guests safe during COVID. All the servers are wearing masks and stand apart when taking orders. We had our temperature scanned before coming to eat inside (they also have outdoor seating available if you are more comfortable with that). The interior is already booth style, will tall backs, so you end up pretty separated from all the other guests. 

We came in for the last 15 minutes of happy hour and ordered from their menu (these were some great deals). It lets you try their delicious food without breaking the bank. We also got 2 Sake bombs (for $10 total) which was a great deal considering how strong they are. The goyza is amazing, not the best I've had in the city, but up there in the top 10 probably (the menu said you get four pieces, but we got 6!). The chicken buns were ok, the buns themselves were a bit of a disappointment, but the combination inside them was great and very fresh tasting. 

Great spot, would come here again (if I find parking).
Fantastic pork ramen and drinks. Will be back. I loved the service too. Friendly waitress. And it wasn't crowded and stuffy like the other ramen place. I think the pork was a bit too rough but that's fine. The egg was delicious and the broth was divine. My husband said the drinks were too small but I didn't mind. He doesn't need a huge drink as the designated driver. 

TLDR hit this place up for late night bites and drinks.
The spider bun was amazing. The chicken ramen was better than expected. And the snow ice was so good that I wanted to order another one. 

The staff were very friendly and the food came out pretty quick. Overall, I enjoyed my experience there and would definitely go back again for the snow ice (it's for two people but I would eat it all by myself)
I recently tried Yamitsuki for the first time and I was very happy with my experience. The highlight was definitely the Furu Roll, which had strawberry, mango, avocado and shrimp tempura. The karrage chicken appetizer was also delicious along with the ramen other sushi rolls that I tasted. Yamitsuki also has an extensive cocktail menu and all the cocktails I tasted were very refreshing. They also have an excellent happy hour menu with a bunch of food and drink options.
Love.

Pros:

Open Late 
Food is Amazing
Portions are solid
Staff is kind

Cons:

Super cold, AC on ICE
The bubble tea boba is hard and nasty

In general, this is a great spot. We stopped here after our failed attempt to escape the room.
It was super chill, the food was great and would definitely go back.
Went on a Friday night, this had been on the list for a while. We were seated quickly and they did the whole "restaurant shouts a greeting at new customers" thing.

Ordered the pork bao buns, curry ramen, and the shoyu ramen as well as the watermelon smoothie and mango thai tea. 

The pork bao buns were pretty solid, the buns weren't as soft as I expected them to be but still delicious. Interesting, they used the cut of pork that I traditionally expect for ramen bowls in the buns. 

The ramen bowls themselves had a very different type of meat. When I see pork chashu on the menu, I expect it to be a thick slice of stacked meat-fat that falls apart and melts in your mouth. The pork chashu here is very different, it looks more like something you see in barbecue. The fat is a film over the meat and you really have to rip into it to get a bite. 

The curry ramen was also disappointing. It tasted like they just added Japanese curry powder to the broth. I would instead highly recommend CheU's curry ramen which has a more diversified flavor and isn't as exhausting/tiring to eat. I got bored of my dish halfway through. 

The watermelon smoothie was delicious, it tasted very fresh and not too syrupy or artificial. They provide you with small beakers for water. I probably got 6 refills throughout dinner. They have filtered water which is great! 

It made for a decent night out but I wouldn't be interested in returning.
