My girlfriend and I were looking for some good sushi in Philadelphia that was close to where we lived and we stumbled upon Yanako through a simple yelp search. At first glance the restaurant was cozy and the atmosphere was nice, making it seem like a great place for a date. However, the rest of the experience went downhill as we ordered from the appetizer menu. We didn't get our agedashi tofu for like 30 mins and when it came out, it was presented in a deep dish that make it impossible to pick up the tofu with chopsticks, especially since the tofu broke the moment you touched it. Flavor was ok but nothing special.

We ordered 3 rolls, the softshell crab, black dragon roll (specialty), and eel and avocado. Took forever for us to get our order and the portions were smaller than average. The softshell crab roll did not taste very fresh but the other rolls tasted pretty decent. For a 40 min wait on the sushi, it took us about 5 mins to finish the few pieces on our plate and we were hungry but did not want to order anymore. The bill came out to be over $50, and we left feeling as if we had hardly eaten anything at all. I've been to most of the other sushi restaurants in Philadelphia, and this is probably the most expensive/smallest quantity that I've had.

Overall, nice location and interior, but slow service, unremarkable sushi, and ridiculous prices makes it a less than optimal place to have sushi.
Finally Manayunk has legit sushi and its BYO, nonetheless. Yanako opened up less than a week ago and my girlfriend and I checked it out tonight. I was chatting with the sushi chef and he said the restaurant is from the same owner as Chabaa Thai (which is also a great restaurant). 

They were only offering a limited menu from the kitchen so we ordered from the sushi menu only. I started with a nice bowl of miso soup and the chef brought us some fluke sashimi with ponzu sauce on the house (great texture and pretty mild, excellent)

I wanted to get some toro but they didnt have any. The chef recommended the sea urchin so I obliged. It was my first time to have sea urchin and it was very tasty. I also ordered the spicy tuna roll (maybe the best spicy tuna I've ever had) and the salmon roll. My girlfriend got the shrimp tempura roll and it was solid.

This place is exactly what Manayunk neeeded. The prices are right and the sushi is excellent. I suspect this place will do very well once word gets out. I'll be going back next week for sure! Well done!
This BYOB turns out fresh sushi, and is conveniently on Main St. Manayunk. Service is pleasant, and you're never rushed. Reservation recommended.
Fancy decor.  Yes, very much fancy decor.  Unfortunately, once you take your focus off of it, you begin to realize the value proposition of the food (price/quantity/quality) doesn't metric more than 3-stars.  Yes, I've made multiple visits and yes the food and prices have stayed consistent.  Maybe that is why I am finally writing this review and landing right in the middle...
So... I was a little confused when I arrived. I wasn't sure about what restaurant I was eating in! There are 2 signs outside. One for Yanako, and another for Chabaa Thai Bistro. Apparently Chabaa was located down the street and they are closed for renovations, so temporarily Yanako is serving off both menus. We ordered off the Chabaa menu. I ordered the Pad Karapao (Spicy Basil)- Stir-Fry comprised of colored peppers, onions and garlic. I ordered Chicken as my protein. If you aren't great with spice, this dish is good choice for you. It's just a hint of spice, just enough where it doesn't over power the food. Delicious!! I was extremely happy with my dish. There was plenty of meat in my lunch portion and I was happily full when I left. I have seen other peoples photos from Chabaa, and the plates were decorated beautifully. None of our dishes were dressed up in any way today. Maybe they dumbed it down while they are housed at another restaurant. I plan on coming back again to actually try Yanako's dishes, and will return to Chabaa again in their new and improved location! I also would like to add that the decor is lovely here. I loved the high ceilings and the plants growing on the walls. Great for date night!!!!
While the beauty and thoughtfulness in the design of the restuarant blew me away, the food did not and that honestly surprised me! 

I am an avid sushi lover. Sushi and me have a love affair that I just can't quite quit and I am OK with that. So when I see a sushi place opening up in me I am all ready to get my sushi face on and get down and dirty with it. 

With that said, I was unimpressed. For the price, the sushi was just meh. It didn't give me any sensations or tingles it just was. I expected more because I was paying more. I ordered the spicy tuna, which is always a staple and how I gage a place, and it wasn't anything special and to me it honestly did not taste all that fresh. We had a plethora of specialty rolls layed about and everyone was dipping in and time and time again I was just... meh. Again, I was honestly surprised and disappointed. I believe the owner is the same woman who has Chabaa and that is a fantastic find in Manayunk. LOVE that place. 

The wait staff are super friendly and were VERY good at giving suggestions on their dishes, if it is busy they are super slow (expected and not minded) and sometimes not very attentive. 

I will probably give this place another try now that they have established themselves for a few months because every place needs some time to grow and I am hoping for better things the second time around!
Solid lunch. Ate outside on a perfect day. We shared an appetizer combo. The dumplings were meh, but the satay chicken was really good as well as the fried tofu. The spring roll was sad and greasy. I had the bento box with tofu. It was great! Friend had sushi rolls. The restaurant is pretty , the service was sparse. But they hit a homer with the tofu.
Overpriced and underwhelming. Trying to explore more of the eateries in the Manayunk area and was craving sushi. I placed a pick-up order for dinner time and was told an estimated wait time of 20 minutes (no big deal).

+ PARKING: A nightmare on a Friday night! Normally this area on a weekday isn't too bad, but come the weekend and this little strip of restaurant and shops is crowded. If you're willing to walk a little bit, it's easier to find parking in the residential areas and walk to Yanako. Will save you the grief/cash of using metered parking.

+ INTERIOR/EXTERIOR: Since we are in COVID times, the dining area of Yanako is closed (which is actually Chabaa Thai Bistro). All dining is outdoors for the time being. If you want to order from Yanako, you'll have to do it at Chabaa Thai Bistro next door (same owners I believe). 

Was off to a bad start when I came to pick-up my order. Low and behold, my order wasn't ready and it seemed like the roll I ordered was never made! In 20 minutes....making a non-baked roll should be doable. So I waited for another 10 minutes awkwardly on the crowded sidewalk for my full order.

+ FOOD: Possibly one of the biggest sushi disappointments I've had in a while. I'm willing to pay the price for good sushi. But, give me expensive prices for no-so-good quality/size and I am livid. Nothing makes me madder than spending money on bad quality food unless it's McDonalds because I know what to expect.

- The MANAYUNK ROLL ($17) I ordered from Yanako was the saddest eel roll I've ever had in my life. The roll was laughably small and the amount of eel was inconsistent/borderline non-existent. PICTURES INCLUDED. The Manayunk Roll is a roll made with crab, cucumber, and avocado topped with eel and wrapped in seaweed. Finished off with tempura flakes and eel sauce. The serving size on this roll is fit for children! Not grown-ass adults. Stingiest roll I have seen for a hot minute. They use real crab instead of imitation, but the eel was so miniscule. Why are you rationing out eel??

- MINI PORK BELLY STEAM BUNS ($5): The only thing that saved my Friday night and is keeping my review from going into 1-star territory. The meat was moist, not too fatty. Nicely braised pork belly. The spicy aioli is basically a sriracha mayo. Not Momofuku-level pork buns, but a very good pork belly bun all the same.

+ PRICE: Not worth it.

Overall: Still on the hunt for good sushi in Philly. Unless I'm really craving Japanese food in the Manayunk area, I'm passing on Yanako.
Very expensive but delicious sushi! The place is cramped I must say, I'm able to reach over to the next table so I feel as though there's not much privacy.
Exceeded expectations. 

The space transforms your experience upon walking in. You forget that you've just walked passed the same old, same old Main Street Manayunk bars and the bustle of traffic and noise.  Now you are seated in a serene atmosphere crafted out of a blonde wood, clean lines and well designed little nooks. It's intimate without feeling cramped and it's romantic without really trying too hard. 

We ordered the seaweed salad (not on menu but they have it) and gyoza dumplings to start. The salad was fresh and the dumplings were melting in our mouths.  Pan fried and crisp, piping hot and bursting with flavor with every bite. My only complaint is that a lot of restaurants give you 6 or even 7 dumplings and they left us craving more with 5. :) 

We ordered the beef negymaki, spicy tuna roll and the Seven Seas specialty roll.  My fiance couldn't yet over how amazing the spicy tuna roll was. I don't know what they did to make it so tasty but it was probably the best I've had. 

The Seven Seas roll was just so fresh, the fish was excellent and the tiny bursts of crunch and the richness from the avocado was the perfect combo. 

And for those of you who haven't tried the beef negymaki, please do! It is thinly sliced and seared beef wrapped in sliced scallions, sushi roll style. So much flavor, so tender and an excellent contrast to raw sushi rolls. 

Our server was friendly and efficient. Yes, there is a $3 corkage fee for the BYO but I would so rather pay for my own favorite wine and then pay a small upcharge to enjoy it at a restaurant then 1) choose from an often times crappy wine selection or 2) in the event they have wine that I enjoy, pay their huge markup. 

Definitely worth a date night. Definitely suitable for entertaining out of town visitors. And heck, they do carryout too...so definitely the perfect dinner for a night in. 

I wish I had some of those delectable dumplings for breakfast right about now....
Fast becoming one of my favorite sushi joints in the area. 

Conveniently moved and sharing space with a great Thai spot with a renowned Thai chef who is the proprietor of both establishments, but let's talk about sushi.

This is not typical run of the mill tuna salmon and yellowtail. It's much more than that. Always an interesting selection of more exciting fish, and even more importantly, ALWAYS prepared with a lot of skill. 

Eddie knows his craft and wields his yanagiba with precision. Simple swift cuts, a minimum of movement and 4 motion preparation of his nigiri. Quite a treat to watch and enjoy and savor. 

Also one of the only places where I am comfortable walking in, sitting down at the bar, and saying surprise me...make me some stuff I'll like. And I always do. Always. From a surprise couple slices of torched and oiled salmon belly, to delicately folded fluke...always something special on my plate in addition to the standards. And the standards, again, a step above. Cut properly so there is a delicacy to every bite. You just don't get this in many places. 

Wonderful apps like their spicy tuna rice crisps with black sesame, roasted shallots and micro greens...the delicate usuzukuri Fluke carpaccio with shreds of spicy radish, scallions and citrus soy vinaigrette...and some tasty kitchen treats too!  Can't go wrong with yummy pork belly buns or tasty and savory takoyaki.  

Top it off with sweet servers and attentive hosts and you have the complete package.

No reason to venture into downtown if you are in the burbs. Stop short of 76 and just head down Main St in Manayunk and satisfy your craving for excellent fish. 

You'll be glad you did.
I got the gyoza and the chicken skewers only.  The gyozas were not very good.  I have been having a lot if trouble finding good gyozas in Philadelphia.  It must be a Philly thing to make gyozas that suck.   It tastes exactly like the apocalypse stash of frozen dumplings I have at my house, except pan fried after thawing/boiling. This is not to say they did that.  It's just saying they are not all that.

The chicken skewers were too salty and also not a winner.  I think it's dark meat, although when I asked before ordering the waitress says white.   Texture and taste was too funky to be white meat.  Considering how much they were, it doesn't taste as good as the price suggests.

The place is really pretty and I really like the interior design.  The service was also good, but I do hesitate to go back to give it another try.  I start by getting simple things - and if those aren't that good, it's unlikely for me to go back.  To be fair, I'm extremely picky and particular with Japanese foods.
DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. I ordered delivery through Caviar two and a half hours ago and I am still waiting. When I call the restaurant they won't tell me when it will be ready. AWFUL MANAGEMENT STAY AWAY.
Was dying to try this place after the rave reviews, and was sadly disappointed. Te sushi itself was ok, but the sushi menu selection was slim pickins'. The didn't even have the usuals, like spicy salmon rolls, unless you specifically ask to make it that way. Honestly, it was just overpriced and bland. The actual restaurant though is a really nice BYOB.
I went here last night with a bunch of friends to celebrate a birthday. We had a GREAT experience. They were very gracious about accommodating our large party. We were shown to a smaller upstairs room with a long table and some other diners. The decor was beautiful and serene.

We were very well attended to the entire time. Our waiter went above and beyond by keeping our water glasses filled, making sure our wine was promptly opened and chilled, and making recommendations that were very helpful. He even went above and beyond by not only remembering one of our party's preferred order, but also by accommodating a special request with the preparation. 

My friend and I split a spicy tuna roll, a Philadelphia roll, and a "Manayunk" specialty roll. The Manayunk was EXCELLENT. Every other piece of sushi that I tried was also very good. Everything was fresh and carefully crafted. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed their meal.

The staff was also very friendly about allowing us to stay late and linger over our wine, when I'm sure all they wanted was to close up and go home. Our waiter and the owner both personally thanked all of us as we left. 

I will definitely be returning!
have received 22 health inspection codes and they still charge crazy amounts for their grossly mishandled fish. disgusting i'm never going back to this place!
Came here for restaurant week. They have great presentations for their food. I would give them 6 stars for that alone. 

Love the decor of the establishment. 

I must say there is nothing that I don't like about this place. That said it didn't really WOW me.

This is a solid choice if you are in the area. Parking can be a little difficult to find. Tip: don't park on main st. Try and find parking in the back near the church.
I am surprised to see all the positive reviews for this place. 

The service sucked... we sat at a family style table and servers kept hitting my chair and we were neglected for about half an hour without our meal and without seeing our server.

In addition to the poor service, the food was sub-par. I ordered a salmon roll, which was chewy and nothing impressive. In addition, I ordered the Sansai noodles, which I like to describe as an "old sock soup" taste.

I know my Japanese food and this place definitely does not make the cut. Save your money and time.
My girlfriend and I noticed this small place one day when we were exploring Manayunk and made a reservation that day. When we arrived the interior was decorated like a traditional sushi joint. It was a bit smaller than expected, but that was okay because they have a decent amount of seating (I definitely recommend you make a reservation on busier nights though). 

When we sat down we immediately realized it was a BYOB place and we were kinda disappointed that we didn't know this before arriving (completely our fault for not researching enough before showing up). 

We started off with a bowl of edamame and chicken yakitori which were great (mainly the yakitori since it's kinda hard to mess up edamame). We also ordered two pieces of toro tuna, the waiter came back and told us they did not have any left for the day, so then we asked for their yellowtail belly cuts, to which we got the same response on it being 86ed. Slightly frustrated, the waiter recommended their salmon which was delicious but I was still disappointed because we were looking forward to the toro. We went ahead and ordered a spicy tuna roll, a sea king roll, and scallop canopy roll. They were all great and the ingredients tasted fresh and the rice was cooked perfectly, but the scallop roll seemed to lack the flavor variety I would expect to get out of an 18 dollar roll.

All in-all, I would love to come back and try some of the other rolls. And next time I wont forget the alcohol!
As a frequent visitor to Main Street in Manayunk I've seen this place multiple times and I've always wanted to try it out. My boyfriend and I decided to try it this past weekend and I'm happy that we did. The interior is a lot smaller than I would have thought but it has a good bit of seating for the space they do have. I definitely recommend making a reservation though just to ensure that you get a seat. Additionally, the restaurant is BYOB. We didn't know this before going so we didn't bring anything which was a bummer. 

As for the food, I enjoyed everything that we ordered. We started with edamame and the yakatori. The yakatori was delicious, I loved the sauce that they put on it. My only complaint is that it only came with two and I definitely could've eaten more of it. Of course for our main dishes we got sushi. We ordered two pieces of salmon belly sashimi because they were unfortunately out of toro. I never had salmon belly before and I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it. We also ordered the Sea King and Scallop Canopy. They both were good choices, but a little bit pricey for what they actually were. The scallop canopy didn't have as much flavor as I expected and the sea king was lacking on lobster. But overall, they were still yummy. 

I definitely think I would return to Yanako in the future and make sure I bring alcohol.
I went here last night with a couple of friends for a bite to eat. Yanako is a Japanese restaurant that also serves Thai food . I love Thai food.
My friend suggested that I try the Penang curry and I jumped on it. The curry was delicious and a little bit spicy, we ordered Thai iced tea because Mother Nature must have been baking something special in her oven and it warmed us all.
Yanako is a nice spot, rustic and comfy. I noticed that it was more of a date spot and they had a tatami room located in the front window.
All in all, it was a good night (even thou my friend never received her brown rice) and I will definitely return.
Good but a little pricey. But I don't think it was good enough to be that pricey based on what I ordered.

So the maki lunch special is $15. It includes soup and three rolls- one of the rolls is a cucumber roll. I decided to upgrade to an avocado roll for a $1 more. The other rolls were California and spicy tuna. 

The miso soup was fairly small and not overly flavorful. The rolls tasted fresh and were enjoyable but did not knock my socks off.

My experience ordering takeout in Yanako was pleasant. There was one server handling the lunch shift who approached me immediately when I arrived. She was friendly, pleasant and able to handle my takeout order and tables dining for lunch at the same time.

I wouldn't necessarily go back for the maki lunch combo but I liked what I saw in the restaurant. The wood paneling was inviting and relaxing. I also saw the chef handling a full, probably fresh, fish at the sushi bar.

Maki combos aren't usually the stars of a sushi menu anyways so I would be certainly open to giving some fun rolls and dine-in experience a try to get the real flavor of Yanako.
So happy to find this restaurant in Manayunk where the sushi is so fresh and the decoration simple, yet refine. Everything down to the green tea was excellent. We even had the mochi ice cream that was delicious. 

The price was also very reasonable. We will definitely be back.
This is the best raw fish I've ever had, and I've had lots during the course of my overwhelmingly forgettable lifetime. They get really fresh fish and they cut it just right so it melts in your mouth.

My scalding hot GF and I got the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, but we substituted the California Roll out for the daily special roll, which was spicy tuna topped with scallop and tempura crunchies (I wouldn't be surprised if this is the best roll ever created by man, I'm probably ruining my laptop by drooling on it right now as I type this dumb review). 50 bucks and we were both full (full full, not just sushi full, you know what I'm talking about fatty).

Service was extremely friendly - except we left half a bottle of wine there by accident and they didn't drive it to our place, jerks! ;)
Came here last night for dinner with a friend and was absolutely blown away by the quality and the value. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and tranquil. (It would make a great date spot.)

The staff were friendly and capable. And the sushi! We ordered the sushi-sashimi platter for two. The fish was perfectly fresh, firm, and delicious. The pieces are cut generously and when I was done eating my sashimi I felt perfectly satisfied but not over-full.

The restaurant is BYOB so next time I will bring a bottle of sake to accompany the meal. As much as I love Center City, it's nice to be able to get great-quality sushi a bit closer to home.
/TL;DR  This place exudes zen. To say the interior is beautiful would be quite an understatement. It is absolutely astounding. Oh right... yeah, the food was pretty good, too.

/ATMOSPHERE  In case you missed it, this place is beautiful. I honestly would go back just to sit in the front window space and get a different view of it. The only thing that ruined it is listening to the sushi chefs talk about their weekend. In other words, you hear everything in there when there's no white noise from the crowd.

/FOOD  Pretty good stuff here but nothing stand-out.

/SERVICE  Full-service and friendly. Didn't know much about local attractions. I guess that's only odd to tourists. ;-)

HOW TO READ MY REVIEWS:
1 Star - Does not approach edible. Enter at your own risk.
2 Stars - If I'm in the area, I'd pick something else.
3 Stars - I would stop by if I happen to be in the area.
4 Stars - I would pick this place out of other places nearby.

5 Stars - I would go out of my way to dine here.
What the hack happened to Yanako? This sushi restaurant was my go-to for dine in and take out. Tonight I ordered 7 rolls only to find out that they shorted me one. I ordered and paid through the eat-24 app so I can't imagine how an entire roll was skipped. The host was respectful and had the staff complete my order, however, it took 20 minutes for the vegetable tempura roll. 

The real reason for my recent dissatisfaction is the lack of portions. It seems like with every month their rolls shrink. Here's what $54 of sushi at yanako looks like.

Otherwise the quality and atmosphere of Yanako is fantastic.
I absolutely adore the food here.  As a vegan they have many good choices.  Miso soup, house salad with amazing dressing, edamame, ect...  I had previously ordered on Caviar and received a speedy and fresh delivery.  Since we were close by I decided to pop in.  The inside is very beautiful as well.  They really took alot of time putting personal touches on everything. 

My last experience here was horrible. I went in to order take out at about 6pm on small business Saturday. My crew wanted Couch Tomato - my usual go to - which is just 3 doors down.  I ordered my take out, salad, miso soup, and veggie tempura.  I was told it would be a 25 minute wait so I walked over to Couch Tomato.  We waited for their pizza and walked back to Yanako.  It had been about 20 minutes so I went and checked, not done, no big deal.  30 minutes later.  Still not done and my crew starts getting restless. At the 40 minute mark they are telling me to cause a scene and are very upset as their pizza is getting cold.  At 45 minutes I asked for a refund.  I did not get to try their veggie tempura and will not be back. 
I was not going to write this bad review of a local eatery until my husband told me something else.  A couple walked in after I ordered, ate their meal, and left.  All before my food was even close to being ready.  
I left making the suggestion to take better care of their locals.
I really wanted to like Yanako...and while there were dishes I enjoyed, I left slightly dissatisfied. We walked down to Main Street on a Thursday night with a bottle of wine and a strong craving for sushi/Japanese. We were seated promptly and almost immediately regretted not asking to sit outside because the dining room was equivalent to a sauna. Okay so now the food...

Pros: the pork belly steamed buns and the shrimp shumai were our favs. The buns were soft, the pork belly was tender, and the sauce had a nice little kick. Additionally, the sliced cucumber on the buns complimented the spicy sauce well. 

Cons: the sushi was very meh. It had a bland flavor and the overall sushi menu just wasn't that great. My boyfriend had the chicken katsu curry and was not a fan of the curry. As like the sushi, the curry spices just weren't there and it was lackluster. However, the chicken was breaded and fried nicely and there was a TON of chicken that came with the dish. 

I give Yanako 3 stars because the service was good, we really liked our apps, and it's BYOB. I'd come back but not get sushi.
I would like to preface this by saying I've been to the new location 2 times before this time and have had pleasant experiences but this time really turned me off. Update on the new location: I went to pick up my delivery order and I handed the woman over cash. She looked at me like I had 3 heads and then told me that she doesn't have a register. I politely asked what she wanted me to do because all I had was cash. She made me feel bad for not having credit cards available for use. Upon asking a server if he had change I was able to pay for my takeout. But I ended up having to tip the less than pleasant hostess because I did not have any singles.
I'm never disappointed with my experience at Yanako. Their sushi chef has been creating flawless masterpieces for my husband and me for years and we feel the care he and his partners put into every single piece. I recommend dining inside or on the nice patio rather than takeout. Still blissed out after our sweet time last night.
Yanako is still hands down my favorite sushi spot. I will easily drive 30minutes or more during rush hour on the Schuylkill to grab some Yanako. Their specialty rolls are hands down best in town, but enjoying a spot at the sushi bar while trying the fresh cut fish is the way to go. Ask for the specials and you'll get a great selections
Absolutely overpriced. Their specialty rolls are not the size that you're thinking, but closer to a 6 piece basic tuna roll. Quality of the fish was fine but rice was too hard making the rolls difficult to eat and a little dry. Super disappointed and feel like I got GOT.
This is my go to sushi restaurant, it's my absolute favorite!! Me and my roommate order from here pretty much every week! I'm obsessed with their spicy salmon rolls! Their sushi is so fresh and tasty! Definitely the best sushi place around, I would highly recommend! :)
Came here on with a friend who lives in the area, and she told me this is the best sushi place around and I couldn't agree more. 
Pros:
- Beautifully decorated sushi restaurant with a relaxing vibe 
- Pretty good quality sushi, fresh and delicious
- Offers various options of sushi, salads etc with a fair price
- BYOB is always a plus, friendly service is definitely a value added
Cons:
- Not a spacious restaurants and parking might be hard
Yanako is the go-to for me and my boyfriend when we want something nicer than pizza but don't want to go too far out of our way. The sushi here is fresh and delicious, and they also have a great ambiance inside of the restaurant. 

The service here has always been great, and we love the quality of the rice that they use, both for sushi and the actual entrees. We usually order 1-2 rolls each and then split a pork katsu dish, which is not too oily, and fried wonderfully. 

Definitely try this place!
Yanako is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the greater Philadelphia area, (the real good spots
are downtown, but it gets the job done!) The decor is beautiful though both me and my friend agreed that their elevator-type music could be a little more trendy to match the vibe. We ordered 4 speciality rolls and loved all of them. Beware of the Mardi Gras roll. It was type of roll that is so large that you need a jaw expander to fit the whole thing in your mouth. If you're on a date you will not look cute eating this roll, that's for sure. You've been warned, now go eat sushi!
The food is absolutely out of this world!!!!! We did the duck, the 3 orange salmon and for dessert the Japanese cheesecake (the cheesecake is the most delicious that I ever had)
Big fans - site of our rehearsal dinner.

They do a really nice job and the service is top notch.

I am not a huge Japanese food fan, but Yanako is exceptional. 

Great decor, fresh food and good ambiance.
Pros: Cute ambiance, wide-range of japanese food on menu, clean udon broth, attentive servers, BYO!

Cons:  unqualified high price tag. ~18 for specialty rolls that aren't too special, & TINY portions for sushi appetizers. $18 for pad Thai when it's written on a paper menu with stains and rips. I've been here 3 times and usually paid ~40 per head that should've cost 15 elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, I've dropped a bill for sashimi and such when it's worth it, but the food here is not.
Fresh sushi, gorgeous atmosphere, reasonable prices, attentive service, and it's a BYO. What more can you ask for? My only complaint (and really I should be thanking them) is that I'll never be able to eat cheap sushi again.

We ordered an appetizer, a noodle entree, and two of the special rolls - plenty of food for two - and our bill was less than $50. The restaurant really is gorgeous and transports you from Manayunk's dive bar atmosphere into a Japanese oasis.
Everything was fantastic! 

We had the Shumai, Takoyaki, Seaweed Salad, and Spicy Tuna Crisps to start which were all fantastic. 

We then had the Yanako roll and that was great is well.

We wanted to try a variety of things so we ordered the Yakisoba. Unfortunately it was just okay for us. We found it a little dull and wished we had gotten something else. 

However our server Ethan was fantastic and the environment was great. Would definitely love to come back.
I already have my go-to sushi spot in Philadelphia, but I'm very thankful that my friend recommended we try Yanako in Manayunk. 

We arrived around 8pm on Saturday evening. Surprisingly they were not busy despite there being pedestrian traffic in the area. (It did start to get pack around 9/10pm). When asked, we requested to be seated indoors (Note: they do have outdoor seating). 

Our waitress Apple was very sweet and gave recommendations from the menu when asked. For starters, we ordered the Shrimp Shumai and the Pork Buns. Shrimp Shumai is always a must have for me and I'll admit, they nailed it! The pork bun was ok. Good but not great. 

For sushi we went for the Seven Seas Roll as requested by Apple. I ordered the soft shell crab roll for myself and my friend ordered the salmon roll. I highly recommend the Seven Seas... it was sooooooo good - Yellowtail may be my new favorite. The soft shell crab was also good.

For dessert we ordered the mochi ice-cream (green tea and mango) Shockingly the mango was the better flavor. 

Overall, great experience - throughly enjoyed it and I'm glad I found another go-to sushi spot. My only complaint is that they charge a cork-fee for BYO (I never understood this).
So decided to give the trendy neighborhood of Manayunk a try. So went to meet up with an old friend with my wife and ended up choosing Yanako. Yanako is a Japanese restaurant which specializes in fine Japanese cuisine. So we ended up getting a 7:00pm reservation and the place was relatively busy for a Friday night but not too busy. We have a newborn and asked the host for a chair. The host was kind of spaced out (weed) so she wasn't much help giving us a high chair which was inadequate for a us, however our server was great by suggesting to put the high chair upside down where the legs of the high chair were wide enough so it could accommodate our baby's car seat securely. My wife and I were pretty hungry and ended up ordering the taco yaki appetizer which was ehhh... nothing really to gloat about or order in the future (frozen). We also ordered the Pork Katsu which was pretty delicious and crispy. We also ordered 2 speciality sushi rolls which were also very good. Anyhow m, overall we thought the place was good, very fresh and great server. However, we felt as though the place wasn't the best place for families, it's more of a "Date Night" place with a romantic atmosphere. Perhaps we will come again if we can get someone to sit for our daughter, we really liked the food and the area. Our friends also liked the place as well and seemed happy we chose this restaurant. So overall, although we felt as though it wasn't family-friendly, we thought the food and service was exceptional and therefore hope to come again in the near future when we are on Main Street. However, the parking is an absolute nightmare so plan your time accordingly and take into account the time it takes to find decent parking.
My friend and I were skeptical about trying this place given the mixed reviews, but figured we give it a chance. The menu has a lot of variety, but has a sushi menu that is smaller and less creative than others. We ordered the gyozo and four rolls - and yes, it was on the pricier side. The gyozo was tasty, but the rolls were a bit bland and the rice on the rolls was not sticky. The decor was nice and the seating was rather intimate. The service was slow and there seemed to be only one waitress for the entire first floor. Overall, this experience was lack luster and expensive. I definitely recommend heading into center city for better less-expensive sushi and a more enjoyable experience.
Excellent lunch special with quality sushi. For $15 I had my choice of miso soup or salad, 5 pieces of "chef's choice" sashimi, 1 California roll and a drink. In and out under 45 minutes. Outdoor seating was a little tricky but great spot.
[Warning - may lose appetite over the details of the review, but I would avoid ordering any dish that contains mushrooms for a bit.]

It's never fun when you get a bug in your food. Especially when you have no idea what that bug is. And even more so when you're ordering from a venue that also serves raw food.

My company orders from Yanako (through Grubhub) once every two weeks for a big working dinner since last August. Up until yesterday, we had no major issues - the food is always prepped well and any issues are swiftly taken care of. We've ordered everything from salmon rolls to their tempura udon. Back when Chaaba Thai was part of the restaurant, their pad thai was great too.

We literally have a sushi place on the first floor of our building, but we still sometimes order from here because honestly this place serves quality food for a honest price. Nothing special, but quality ingredients.

In finding a bug - not a fruitfly or mosquito, but more of a centipede - tucked in my mushroom that was part of the chirashi I ordered today, I don't know if we will be ordering ever again.

I think the knee jerk reaction is to use ALL CAPS and give a one star to the restaurant, but after I notified Grubhub the issue, I was called within five minutes, and I had a conversation with Moon (the owner) of the restaurant in the next ten. After seeing and confirming the photo of the bug, she explained the entire process of how the mushroom is sourced and prepared and how bizarre this was. She sounded genuinely sorry and appalled at the incident herself, and she offered to comp me through Grubhub. She assured that the head chef would go through their supplier and figure out what happened.

Given all the good experience we've had with Yanako and the proper way the owner handled this, I'm happy to give this venue three stars.

I will keep this post updated based on what the owner/chef find out or reply back in regards to this.
Service was very poor. We were served water after 30 minutes of being there and after asking three times. Food was average; my friend ordered chicken teriyaki and the chicken was full of bones and they forgot to serve the rice and miso soup!
Food here is mediocre except for the sushi. It is definitely one of the better places to get sushi, but it is also quite pricey here too. 
If you want to get quality sushi, this is the place to go, but also be prepared to pay $8 for 6 pieces of sushi.
Had dinner in this lovely place with friends 
I love the ambience with plants and candles,bamboo interior

For weekdays they are pretty busy

The Sushi is pretty good
And i had the beef appetiser forgot the name it was the bomb 
Pretty expensive for 4 pieces $15 and you cook it under the hot stone

The owner is own chaba thai resto as well 
Very nice people 

Would recommend
Yum yum yum. What a great find in Manayunk. The ambience is wonderful, the service is so friendly and attentive, and the sushi is phenomenal. The prices aren't the worst compared to other Philadelphia sushi places, and there are some really good options for sushi. I was a little disappointed that they only offered pork dumplings because I don't eat pork and was really craving dumplings that night, but the sushi really made up for it.

We shared several specialty rolls, each very distinct, flavorful, and fresh. Our favorite was the seven seas roll. 

One of my favorite parts of this place, besides it being BYO, is the atmosphere. The lighting is not extremely dark like most other upscale restaurants, and yet there was a very nice overall appearance to the restaurant. I am simply very happy with Yanako, and really look forward to coming back!
Affordable and satisfying, Yanako is an intimate byob sushi restaurant that recently relocated, a definite upgrade. We dropped in during Manayunk's restaurant week and via Groupon, received 25% off the already modest tab. There are so many good food options here on this charming stretch of Main Street that it was quite lively with plenty of foot traffic. 

Pork belly buns were tasty as was the nebayaki udon. I'd have preferred the buns firmer, pork belly warmer and the broth less salty. The udon was more than enough to share and the vegetables were not garnishes but well represented in blanched spinach and whole mushrooms. Agedashi Tofu was silken but bland even in the sweet soy sauce. And the lack of heat of the wasabi was a minus. 

Seated right next to the sushi bar, we were able to observe the proficiency of the chefs. Memorable dishes of the evening were the Uni, the special of the day, and the signature rolls. The former was smooth and buttery. The rolls were filling, and Lobster meat in the Sea King and crab in the Manayunk were very good. All the portions were very generous and we enjoyed our choices.
Great experience at Yanako. Our sushi was fresh and tasty. I ordered two basic rolls and one specialty roll. The spicy tuna, spicy salmon, and the Manyunk roll were my three rolls of choice. We also had the tonkatsu and the green tea creme brulee. Be sure to bring you favorite bottle of wine as this place is BYOB. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable.
The waitress was nice. That's the only good thing I could say about this place.

The food preparation was super slow with prioritization for take out and later tables.

It took a good 20 minutes to get my appetizer except and then another 20 or 30 minutes for my main course. There were only 2 other tables in the restaurant at the time. It was about 50 minutes after I arrived that I got my food. This wouldn't be a problem except tables after me and a constant stream of take out orders got their orders first. If they were packed then I could understand, but that wasn't the case.  When the only table that was there before left, we were the earliest. It wasn't busy from a seated table point of view, maybe the take out orders were more important.

If that wasn't bad enough, my order was just bad. The waitress said she brought out my tonkatsu curry as soon as it was ready, but it was luke warm and even cold in some places. I don't know if it was previously frozen and then heated up? The tonkatsu was fresh, but bad. The meat was thin and fried to the point that is was mostly dry and hard. I had to take a sip of water with every bite. I eventually gave up half way through my the dish cause it wasn't worth the calories.

My wife's sashimi platter was pretty good in her opinion. The fish was mostly fresh, with only one or two pieces that seemed a bit chewy. All in all, she thought it was a good value and enjoyed her food.

The waitress was super apologetic, not that it was her fault, but she took the curry order off the bill. She was nice enough to bring out some comped mango sticky rice. While I appreciated the gesture, this was also bad lol. The rice was dry, the mango was sour, and there wasn't enough coconut sauce on top.

I had been there for Thai pre covid and I had a decent experience, but this was bad enough a trip that I wouldn't go back.
We have ordered from here before and have been very happy. Last night was not the case. First off they didn't give us chop sticks or any sauces with our sushi, which we didn't have any at home. The sushi was not great. $60 for 4 rolls and we were still starving. I got a simple shrimp tempura roll and they put Mayo on it so I couldn't eat it. I have never gotten Mayo on this type of roll and it was not in the description. Overall you could tell this meal was thrown together. Not worth the price tag, I'll be ordering elsewhere from now on.
Went to Yanako for dinner on a Friday night. We were seated promptly and the ambience was relaxed. Their sushi is amazing. Had the Yanako sampler, Yakitori, and a few rolls. We recommend the soft shell crab roll and the spicy salmon roll. Will be going back.
I'm not really understanding the hype of this place, but we did enjoy our sushi here last week. Byo was very nice as well. I wouldn't say it was anywhere near best sushi I've had and for the price of the speciality rolls, I would much rather go into center city and get some real sushi variety going on. I guess they had to make up for lack of bar revenue?

They were definitely good despite my gripes. The ocean one (with spicy scallop) was our favorite being fresh and tasty. Other rolls we got were pretty subpar and the seaweed salad we got was pretty typical and not so newly made. Service was pretty scattered but servers were nice at least. Overall I just don't want to pay $18 for a specialty roll when there's nothing special to it and freshness not kicking you in the face good. This ain't New York or Cali guys, take notes from the other better sushi places in Philly.
Yanako is a great choice for sushi in the area the only thing bringing down my start count is the service... It's quite bad.

We first tried out Yanako about a month ago on a Saturday night, we realized it would probably be busy but not so busy that we couldn't even give our name, reservations only. We took a seat at the sushi bar as we didn't mind. Our server, a young man with glasses, was very friendly but far too busy- he was scrambling all over. Sitting at the bar we saw our sushi be prepared and then sit for atleast 10 minutes because our server was to swamped to pick it up.

We tried again this past weekend (reservation this time) and was welcomed by a nice hostess we were taken up to our seat and given water by I believe the manager she was super friendly and chatty. Finally 15 minutes of sitting there our server arrived and literally said nothing aside from did you decide- no hello no nothing. The sushi makes up for the poor service because WOW it's great but hope the restaurant takes note of the changes that need to be made in service.

All in all great sushi but don't come here if you are on any sort of time frame
AMAZING SUSHI & BYO on Main St.  I love sushi and this is by far my new favorite place for Sushi in Philly.  The service is fantastic and prices are very reasonable as well.  Our server Chris was more than kind and accommodating.  The atmosphere is personal, cozy and vibrant all at the same time.  I highly recommend eating here!
Absolutely adorable place. My wife and I came here for lunch bento boxes. Everything was delicious! Definitely a great date spot.
For my 100th review, I'm happy to be able to give 5 stars to my new favorite sushi spot. Right smack in the middle of bustling Main street Manayunk is this adorable oasis of tranquility and raw fish. Immaculate, thoughtfully decorated, with friendly, spot-on service. The sun beams down onto a traditional Japanese roof above the sushi line, with solid, comfortable seating up front. No flimsy chairs or skimpy table settings. The chopsticks were actually heavier than (the cheap ones that) I'm used to handling, and it took a few minutes to adapt! The rolls that my friends and I enjoyed were all deemed wonderfully fresh and delicious. Creative signature rolls as well as all of the regular options.

My only gripe is the temp. AC was blasting and we were shivering by the end of our meal, to the point where it was a relief to walk outside into a 92 degree day.

BYO, I think!
Went there soon after opening.  Good yet overpriced food, and kinda bad service. The sushi is legit, but the roll prices were a joke. Don't go here with cheap hungry people like I did, disaster!! Might be worth another shot sooner or later.
Chabaa is currently also serving at Yanako. This is my second visit here, and they have good Thai food and sushi. The restaurant is deceivingly bigger than it looks. It's a really cool layout. Sushi bar is on the first floor, and there's a second floor that overlooks the first. 

The first time I dined here I ordered the king crab fried rice. It was a good portion and full of lump crab meat. You can adjust the spice level on request. I also ordered the spicy tuna roll. It was very fresh. 

Last night, I dined here for my second time. I ordered the crazy noodles with beef. It was excellent! I quickly devoured the whole plate. The plate was full of veggies and meat. I tried a spice level 2, and it was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. I'm glad I tried something different. 

The restaurant is BYOB, but there's a $3 fee for one bottle of wine and $5 for two or more. 

I do have to say that the service does make you feel a little rushed out. The waiter stopped by our table about every five minutes. We were in and out under an hour.
Arrived late  (right before 2:30pm) for lunch. I ordered nabeyaki udon and it was pretty good. Nothing special, but really thank the server who greeted me and able to provide service to me. Next time, I will order sushi or rolls
One of my favorite sushi places in Philly! Everything is super fresh and the menu is on point. Love that you can order Japanese as well as Thai food. I'm vegan and there's plenty of options for me. It's BYOB and you get an ice bucket to keep your drinks cold. Our service has never been a let down!
As a quick word of warning, you WILL have to pay a bit. However, if you want cheap sushi you should remember that it comes with a side of dysentery. 

I decided to journey there because they have Kitsune Udon, a dish I have always wanted to try and have never seen on a menu before. What else I found there was more than encouraging. 

It is few and far between that I find places which spend so much time getting the details right. I started off with a spicy tuna roll. It was smaller than I expected (six pieces about 2 cm wide) but had great flavor. The spicy sauce was well balanced and I have NO idea how they got that tuna to fall apart in my mouth.

The broth of the udon was nice, and the noodles were cooked well but it felt like it was lacking something. But what drove me crazy was a single piece of the Anago. (saltwater eel) The chef instructed me to not add any soy sauce or wasabi and it DIDN'T NEED IT. The eel was still hot, and with lime zest and sea salt. It was a practically perfect bite.

Overall, I saw a lot of thought going into the food. At an early dinner on a Sunday night it was startlingly quiet and service was extremely quick. I think I'll be spending a lot of time here.
The hostess was busy on her phone before greeting us as we awkwardly stood, half in, half out the restaurant. When she was attentive, she was extremely accommodating. I'm under the impression that this place is normally packed for dinner, but we luckily swooped in while the tables were being turned and managed to snag a table for three - my sister, my mom, and me.

We ordered a plain veggie udon, green curry, jumbo lump crab fried rice, and a sushi roll (I don't remember which one). While the sushi was excellent - the fish itself was very cold and lacked any 'fishy' flavor - everything else to me was just okay. I think if you prefer your food to be a bit on the sweeter side, you would thoroughly enjoy this place. My mom had to doctor up the udon with a bit of wasabi and soy sauce to make the udon more savory. I think green curry is typically sweet, so I didn't mind and thoroughly enjoyed it. The fried rice was great - you could see tons of pieces of crab, and I thought it was well worth the money for such an expensive fried rice dish.

The interior is beautiful, albeit a bit cramped (closer to a NYC restaurant in terms of how 'cozy' it is). In the front, there's a table that seems like it's a traditional Japanese dinner table, where you sit on the floor (which is elevated there), which looked really cool.

I don't know if I'd go out of my way to return, but it was a pleasant meal with pleasant servers. The food was a tad bit sweet for me to be excited about this place, though.
Walking by one day on Main St. Manayunk and I saw this place. I've heard good things about this restaurant so I decided to try it out. 

This place is gorgeous. 

I had the Sushi and Sashimi for 2. My lady never really had it, but she was all for it when the plate appeared right in front of us. It was a chef's choice and it was a great decision.

Though a little pricey, the quality and care is there. 

If you enjoy japanese fare, go to this place because its very hard to find good a good sushi place around philly!
Yanako is a nice quiet Japanese restaurant. Our server was punctual and attentive. The sensai udon noodles were very unique. There was a strange charcoal taste that works well with the soft noodles and fresh herbs. We also ordered the asparagus roll, a must for us. I would come back to try the other food items.
Really relaxing and calming interior and very attentive service (almost too much). The seven seas roll we share as an appetizer was fresh and  was a great texture combination. My husband prefers not to have sushi for entire meal and had the beef teriyaki and he loved it. I had the sashimi plate and was able to ask for a couple favorites that they had no problem with. An great addition to Manayunk!!
Great sushi, good prices. awesome set up
Rule of thumb: don't go to sushi place on Monday.  Most places have not replenish their fish after previous weekend. 

Fish was okay, though they lacked toro. Sushi rice was a little bit dried (I guess it was made from the last portion of the batch).  Tamago was good.  

This is solid spot. I will come back, but not on Monday.
Almost 5 stars.  Quality of the fish and rice is spot-on, and even the edamame was slightly crunchy and nicely sweet.  Service was better than most sushi bars, and the BYO aspect was a refreshing change.

The only dark spot was when my wife was served her Udon noodles - she's deathly allergic to shiitakes and the menu did not mention it whatsoever.  When she noticed, the server was more than happy to take it back, and that's a good start, however, top notch service would have dictated at least an offer to remake it without or a suggestion of a replacement; none was forthcoming and my wife went without an entree.  Not a huge deal, but like all service quibbles, it's the part of the meal that sticks around after.
Not bad. Good sushi, good service. Great addition to Main street. Go here, walk main street afterwards.
I was sat by the hostess and given menus. About ten minutes later was given water. We then sat for another 30 minutes before anyone spoke to us and we went inside to order food to-go. Somewhat apologetic, they did nothing for the inconvenience. Food was overpriced and not very delicious. Will not be returning.
Food: We ordered the oysters, dumplings, and Yanoko signature roll.
- The oysters were delicious, fresh & tasty with a sauce that tasted of soy sauce, ginger and a little wasabi. It had a good kick to it. 
- Dumplings were perfectly crispy, hot and savory. 
- The Yanoko signature roll is my favorite there, it consist of shrimp tempura, asparagus, avocado and spicy tuna on top. Perfect combination of flavor and texture. 

Remember that this is BYOB. I forgot until we sat down for dinner! 

Service: My only critique is that the service is slow & it could be because a table for two has just enough room for two place settings and two rolls of sushi, so the server may not want to crowd the table but we found ourselves waiting for water throughout the evening.
I was excited to try this new place in manayunk but ended up very disappointed with the sushi rolls. The atmosphere was nice but the sushi was very bland. The speciality rolls were overpriced for the size.  I will not be going back.
The food was great, the service not so much. 

We waited for the hostess to finish her text before looking up or greeting us. The waiter was very helpful and friendly, but for the amount of people in the restaurant the waiter was not very present. The food also took a very long time to come out with no explanation or apology from the waiter (I can remember them checking on us twice throughout the 1.5 hour meal).

The sushi was great (I'll get takeout in the future), but the chicken teriyaki was overpriced for the amount of food we received, same with the yakitori.  The chicken was fabulous, but not worth the price or lack of service. 

I'd recommend takeout or just getting sushi if you eat in.
Love this new sushi place in Manayunk! The staff is very friendly and the sushi is great. It's byob,  great for a date night or catching up with a group of friends. Try the Manayunk roll you won't be disappointed.
We visited Yanako for a New Year's Eve dinner this year. I will say the decor and atmosphere is probably my absolute favorite of any restaurant on Main St.

We had various sushi orders and while everyone was pleased, I can't give Yanako the title of best sushi in Manayunk as that is still held by the Manayunk Brewing Co. in my opinion.

Still, a solid option for anyone looking for decent sushi at (slightly above) fair prices on Main St. Perfect for a date night.
So sushi is quite a popular food of choice in the city, you can never go wrong with sushi if you're undecided on what to eat. This place is small and friendly. I like the Japanese style table right at the entrance of the door, I haven't had a chance to sit there yet but I will soon enough. Their sushi is fresh and must try the green tea creme brûlée, it's delicious. Best of all, it's byob!
I keep walking by this place saying I need to try it sometime and I finally did last night!

The sushi was delicious and amazingly fresh. We had the Seven Seas, Manayunk, and Black Dragon rolls, as well as some Maguro and Saba sashimi, and Gyoza for an appetizer. OH and the green tea creme brulee for dessert! Not a single complaint about any of the food, I'm glad I finally had the chance to eat here and am happy that I have a good sushi place right down the street!

The decor was beautiful, especially the big vegetation wall opposite the sushi bar. It was an intimate setting and there were only a few other tables filled on the bottom floor where we were. Our server was great as well.

Only weird thing (and I'm not docking points for this) is that the bathroom on the bottom floor is through the kitchen, which was a little awkward. I didn't find out until later that there's actually a bathroom upstairs, which I would've preferred to avoid hanging out in the kitchen :)

I will absolutely be back to this place for sure!
Good sushi, ok attitude. Quality sushi but lunch staff could be a little nicer. Clean and mix of fusion and authentic Japanese cuisine
Yanako offers the best Japanese food in the Manayunk area of Philadelphia. The specialty sushi rolls are always a good option. And, the sashimi pieces are always very fresh.
Dining in the middle of COVID pandemic is a nice break. The servers and staff all wore face masks. They accommodated outdoor dining on the side of Chabba Thai's side walk and even brought water for our 4 months old puppy. 

My daughter was craving sushi though their sushi menu was pretty slim and the rolls were made skinny. My husband and I enjoyed the $12 appetizer with 2 yellow chicken curry satays, 2 veg spring rolls, 2 fried dumplings, and tofu with dipping sauce. The pineapple/tumeric fried rice was to die for especially presentation.

It was BYOB. I like to support local businesses especially during hard times. I definitely would return.
I got the sweet potato roll and was disappointed! Yanako is run by the same chef as Chaaba Thai in Manayunk and both the places have great reviews so I had to try it! The sweet potato roll just tasted off and weird! The rice used for the roll didn't even taste like sticky rice! The price is ok but the food was meh would not be coming back!
One of the most authentic sushi spot in Philly.  I tried otoro and sayori, both were terrific.  Fish was better than most placed in the area.  I would compare this place to bluefin or morimoto.  If you appreciate nigiri over maki, you will like this place.     ...    I almost forgot to say that you might be disappointed at kitchen menu.
Yanako was a disappointment. I have been a sushi lover since childhood and have had all tiers of sushi out there. I know what's actually good and what's just good to people who claim to love sushi but really just like California rolls. I suspect that's where the 5 star reviews for this place came from. With that said, Yanako was subpar in all respects. The rolls lacked creativity and flavor. The tempura was soggy. All ingredients lacked freshness. The "specialty" rolls were boring and overpriced. Giving three stars because the atmosphere was warm and intimate and I enjoyed the BYOB aspect.
A beautiful BYOB restaurant located on quaint Main Street in Manayunk. The sushi rolls are artistic, fresh, and delicious albeit a little on the expensive side. I love the Green Field, Scallop Canopy, and vegetable tempura rolls. The pork buns are also very good. Try to be seated upstairs where it is a little more quiet and intimate.
I ordered take out.  They were friendly and fast upon me walking in and even thought I had a large order, it took about 20 minutes! Excellent! 

The portion on the lobster tempura entree was large! You definitely get your money's worth and it was delicious! 

One of my favorite rolls would have to be the Manayunk. It is a must try. It was fresh and the favors were spot on!  

I am glad I live in the area and will be getting delivery so I can try more things on the menu. You can't order delivery through the YELP app. Diningin.com. Is where you go. They also have a points program to earn toward free food! 

Great classy place without the classy price!
Very underwhelming. Everything that I ordered left so much to be desired. 

The seaweed lacked balance. I had so many chilli flakes in my teeth that I could barely tell what was seaweed, what were sesame seeds and what was chilli. The miso soup was bland in color, bland in taste. So bland, in fact, that the soy sauce that I added did absolutely nothing. The edamame was not properly steamed... it could have steamed for an additional 5 minutes at the very least. 

I won't get started on the rolls. The eel sauce, nor ginger... nor soy sauce could save them. 

Sad day.
I've had my eye on this place since it first started making press. When T and I went to Manayunk for the Fall Food Truck Festival, we peeked in the windows, grabbed a menu and it sealed the deal. We had to try this place.

We went on Saturday night and were seated in the upstairs section. I'm not sure why they filled the upstairs and left the downstairs area empty. I would think they would want passers-by to see a full restaurant but maybe they don't want to discourage walk-ins? Next time I would request a table on the first floor. I like seeing what's happening outside. But we were seated next to the balcony which had FABULOUS bird cage chandeliers which I must find for our own home ...

Now on to the food. To start T had the clear soup which was loaded with seaweed and very salty in that good miso way. Not your usual clear soup with French's crunchy onions and a few sad little scallion slices. I had the tuna sushi appetizer (don't remember the exact name and the website isn't working at the moment). Incredible. The tuna (bluefin?) was incredibly fresh and so succulent. Each slice had pea shoots, a teeny slice of tomato and a dollop of kizami wasabi. Really complex and layered flavor and I could have eaten about a dozen more.

For dinner we had two rolls each. T had the South Seas role (tuna and yellowtail inside, avocado and spicy sauce on top) and a spicy tuna roll. I had the Yanako roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, asparagus inside, spicy tuna on top) and the shiitake and cream cheese roll. They weren't rolled as tightly as you might hope but who cares. What was inside was delicious and worth the extra pinch of chopsticks. To me, the great thing about these rolls was the layers of flavor. The rice itself had great vinegar and sesame taste. The spicy sauce was zesty. The tempura batter was salty, crunchy and delicious. We enjoyed each bite. T also got two pieces of sushi, yellowtail and inari. He said the yellowtail was one of the best he's ever had and the inari, which we've searched for in other places but haven't been able to find, was a welcome discovery for him.

To finish we had chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ginger ice cream. The ginger ice cream was very powerful at first but once you mixed in the sweet richness of the lava cake, it was excellent. A great treat for the end of your meal.

I'm definitely hoping to go back. BYOB
Reasonably priced, nice atmosphere and awesome food & BYOB.

WHOOP! Just be careful of how much you drink, the food is good/healthy and lean, it won't soak up the drinkies like a burger and fries would. 

SERVICE: eh unfortunately. We came here on a Friday night with a group of 5 of us. We asked for some more time to look at the menu and our server gave us a HUGE eye roll when she turned away (surprise server, we saw it!). Not professional. We also had to ask for an extra place setting multiple times...and I had made a reservation...to me that should have been set up already. I understand there are good and bad nights to serving, especially Friday nights, so I won't base my impression of the restaurant on this one interaction at the same time it looks like other Yelpers were not happy with the service either which is probably saying something...

FOOD: Although I found the service really mediocre. Everything else made up for it.

What we ordered:
Edamame
Spicy Tuna Rolls
California rolls
Green Curry (AWESOME! and spicy)
Signature roll with scallops and spicy tuna ( AWESOME!!!!)
Fried Tempura

Presentation was really nice, and the rolls were tightly rolled which is good.

ATMOSPHERE: The atmosphere was warm, and all the other customers seemed to be enjoying themselves also. You could easily dress up and have a nice dinner date, or you could be casual and neither would make you feel out of place. It was pretty hot & humid that night, the air conditioning wasn't on and it definitely shouldn't have been.

I will be back!
Very enjoyable experience. Sushi was great. Ordered the "sushi for two", lots of variety and had no problem swapping the California roll for something different. 

I would give it five stars but there was one thing that really irked me. My girlfriend and I were celebrating a special occasion and bought a very good bottle of wine that we had been cellaring. The waiter uncorked the bottle and took off with the cork. We didn't intend to finishing the bottle with dinner and were planning on taking it home to finish. When it came time to leave the waiter had to find us a cork, who knows where he got it from. Maybe I'm being snobby but it's kinda gross.
Cozy little spot, great for a date, or a night with friends. Sushi selection is tremendous, and is always fresh. If you're looking for something other than sushi, the Japanese Udon dish is out of this world. Great spot!
Ordered a bunch of different nigiri and rolls. A little pricey but the ambiance was clean and fresh. Only bummer was that we thought it was byob but we were charged a lame corkage fee.
Yanako is amazing. 

Usually I don't like going to Japanese restaurant in America because I of Japanese Know real taste of Japanese.  But when I sow some pictures here in yelp , I was interested. They were using rare fish  in America  such as Iidako , hotaruika, and kohada.. 
Unfortunately there aren't them then. I guess It was different season. 

In spite of that , I felt  here is most close to real sushi of Japan I have ever been sushi restaurant in American,  I have had only several time, though . But I definitely think. 

I love all of here. Fresh and beautifulsushi with great way to cut fish. TheSkill of the chef is great. 
The ambiance and the design are great, calm ,and.  modern and old,  nice Balance of the interior . simple and natural like a Japan house. 

However I have one that's soy source should change another one. It doesn't much a little to sushi. 

Don't forget is BYO. I'll definitely bring my Japanese sake next time! 

This Christmas season , this town is a pretty cute :) It's a little far from center city but it's worth going to:) 

But to be honest I miss sushi in Japan lol If you want to eat real sushi you should go to Fukuoka prefecture in Japan. I promise that you can experience amazing sushi at a pretty reasonable price..
This is probably one of the best sushi places I've ever been. The quality of fish is consistently excellent and their menu is diverse and delicious. The sushi chefs are knowledgeable and helpful as well. No matter what day or time, Yanako serves the best quality sushi in town!
This is THE sushi spot on Main Street in Manayunk. Yanako is my go to!! Tonight me and my fiancé stopped in to split rolls as an app before having a home cooked dinner. 

He got a house salad since the  house-made ginger dressing is his favorite. We split the spicy salmon roll and seven seas signature roll. Although I think their rolls are slightly over price they are by far the best in the area. Always fresh and always delicious! 

Bonus point this place is BYOB!
Good news first or bad? The bad news is the agendashi tofu was pretty bad.  The ponzu/dashi soy they used was good. though   The tofu (4 large pieces for $6) was really bad.  It's supposed to be golden brown and a slight crisp, but these were gelatinous and very unappetizing. It's as if they coated it gelatin and fried it.   We had to send it back.  It was that gross.  However, the waitress was nice enough to remove it from the bill, so that was the plus.  The lunch bento box was a decent size.
