"IT WOULD MAKE FOR A NICE STORY IF WE CAME FROM A LONG LINE OF BREWERS. The truth is, we come from a long line of beer drinkers." lol. Excerpt from the Yards history on their website.
Beautiful interior industrial space and exterior architecture, designed and built by the awesome architecture firm Digsaw. 
Yards is a scene on Saturday night, bustling with millennials and Gen Xers, with a massive bar at the entrance the space is filled with picnic table row type seating. Reminded me of the Frankfort Hall seating, a beer hall look. Looking up, the pipes and vents are exposed, and beer vats and machinery can be seen behind glass windows. LOUD conversation banter permeates the space and the lights are surprisingly bright for 10pm. 
Beer was awesome, I had a pint of white beer my fave, everyone was happy and rosy-cheeked, the food was good, we were perched in a high booth along the wall, seats are narrow but was happy to locate a foot bar. 
Waitress visited often and chatted us up at every visit, was quite annoying as she interrupted many conversations. 
Surprised they closed at 11pm, seemed early as the night was young!! Lol, the badass Yards needs to go to bed early..we headed to Silk City diner across the street for a few more drinks before we headed home.
First time at the new location! So, I apologize in advance, I may compare it a bit to their previous location too much. There's a huge bar, a good bit larger than their previous, and also more tables. Tours are $10 and worth it, but you're not given beer at the door for purchasing it, like at the old location, but you are given a voucher for a sample- and there's a lot less beer to sample on the tour- instead, they give you one beer (your choice of two), and a Yard's glass.

There were a great variety of beers on tap, and some premade flight options available. Fortunately, since they weren't too busy on this Tuesday afternoon, they were able to provide us with a custom flight to try their many varieties of brews. Everything was delicious!

Service was pretty quick and friendly, and there's also plenty of six packs available to-go in their shop. Oh, and there's actually some PARKING reserved for Yard's next door in the Target parking lot! I'd definitely return if in the area once they rotate to try new things that I can't find in the local stores.
Whenever my boyfriend and I go to Philly, we make sure to carve out time during our trip to stop at Yards Brewing Company. We'll grab a seat at the bar and have a few beers on tap. We also bring our growlers to take some home for later (it lasts for a couple of days). 

When you enter, you'll have to show your ID to the person at the door. The bar is to the back right. It's just like any other bar, where you can open up a tab or pay cash with the bartender. If you just want to fill your growler or purchase any of the YBC paraphernalia displayed on the walls, you can queue up in the register lines. There's a tasting room where you can also have pub food. If you are interested, the brewery also gives tours, and has a pool table and shuffleboard :)

A note about getting here : The brewery is by the water. You can walk there but you need to get on the other side of N. Delaware Ave. If you decide to drive there, there's a small gravel parking lot in front. Of course, sober up and don't drink buzzed if you do decide to take a car.
Okay, going from five to four stars probably isn't anything to be that concerned or worried about. I mean a four star rating is still above the average marks in Yelp land. But honestly, it feels like a drop much further (I contemplated three). I say all this when talking about the new Yards Brewery location.

I may not be a Philadelphia native, but the last few years that I've visited the city of brotherly love, I've dabbled in some suds from this brewery's original spot. It turned into a favorite of mine and I was mostly excited to hear about their moving to a new, bigger, area. Coming with a few of my fellas last Sunday made us want to check out Yards' new digs, and unfortunately, I can't say I loved it.

Yeah, things were definitely larger. I like that Yards can house more people by adding long picnic-style tables (beer garden-esque) and high top booths, but all of that has become waiter service. Why? Yards has now added a potent food menu to their offerings. I know, you might be like "Josh, what the hell is wrong with you? How can you not like this set up?" Well, when you know what Yards used to be and what it is now, you might not like the change.

I enjoyed that rugged, small town feel of the old place. I liked how things were set up with their beer and free tastes upon entry and pool table and rockin' brewery tours and all that jazz. It was a great set up that made you feel like you were in an historically Philadelphia-made craft brewery. Yards felt like the quintessential spot for brotherly love and it really, truly worked. But now, some of that feeling is lost.

No longer does it give off that small town vibe. Gone are the notes that Yards is a craft brewery of the city. There's a brewpub aspect taking the reigns and it's changed the dynamic of the place. You can sit at the bar, but that's all it is: a bar. Waiter service is great at a restaurant, but when a semi-pushy server keeps bugging you when all you want is one flight and a pint to share between yourself and three friends, it makes you wish for the setup of the past.

But I'm an optimist and I'm not going to drop Yards' ranking down to three...yet. Push away the parts that turned me off and they still are producing some of the best non-NY beer I've had. I love their founding father recipe styles. I love the fact that you can get almost all of their brews in bottles. I love...um, Chocolate Love Stout (totally saw that coming, didn't you?). None of that has changed. And maybe the food they're cookin' is amazing. Maybe when I come again at a different time, when I'm hungrier and thirstier and in need of a setup like what things are now, I'll be impressed....maybe.

Overall, for now, I don't feel it. Yards gets the benefit of the doubt here for being a high quality brewery for what it crafts. Five stars still in my book. Beyond that, everything else seems of a three caliber. Average. I do look forward to my next time in Philly with hopes that my apprehensions diminish. Until then, I'll remember the way Yards used to be and think about the one thing that stayed the same: Beer.
Yards Brewing Company is one of those places I do not get to often enough. I've visited the tasting room on one or two occasions and it's always a scene. Bachelor parties and groups of friends or family seem to dominate and the result is a fun, lively environment.

The brews are great, of course, and the bartenders are fast and friendly. I'd love to swing by on a night when it's not as crowded as the weekend rush and have dinner and some suds.
I'm going to have to start this review off with a wow. We were in Philadelphia for the Weekend. Arrived on a Saturday around 1pm. Checked in our hotel and decided to spend our day at the Brewery we arrived around 3 pm. It wasn't crowded. Now there was a nice crowd but just the right amount of people. We dined in and started off with the flight's. I had the summer flight and all was very refreshing. My husband had the Revolution flight. We also decided to share the buffalo wings. It was a bit saucy and it arrived with blue cheese dressing. I swore it was tartar sauce but nope it was blue cheese dressing. The wings were crunchy on the outside and even though l thought it was heavy on the sauce. I still enjoyed the taste. I also enjoyed the brawler burger. It had bacon on it and a special sauce. The side  dish was a salad with there own salad dressing. It was quite good as well as the salad. This is a nice hangout spot. They have games to play. Outdoor seating. A cool gift shop where you can purchase tshirts and all types of mementos and swags. You can purchase the beer of your choice to go as well as brawlers. 
Parking was a  breeze as they offer additional parking in the target lot which is about a block away. I definitely will be returning the next time in philly. I suggest arriving early because when we left around 5:30 it was really getting busy. 
Keep in mind it was a Saturday though.  Overall very cool hangout spot.
People will fight you for chairs! Lol

We went on Saturday and man oh man does this place get crowded! Locals are very loyal to this brewery But don't worry! A Huge bar with tons of tables and chairs. No food :/ 
jk, food truck outside! 

GUIDED TOURS EVERY 30 MIN (I think)

I totally forgot about the samples but Josh G. reminded me! SAMPLES AS YOU WALK IN! COME ON. That's brotherly love right there!

Philadelphia Pale ale and Brawler were decent but the real star is their seasonals! 

1. Pynk: Wow! This was SO GOOD. Not really a gose or typical sour level, but a nice sweet slightly tart sour. Deliciously hopped with real cherries & raspberries brewed in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Sale Portions are donated :)
2. Golden Hop: not bad, but IPAs aren't their strong suit. IPAs from PA have a very stringent taste too (E.g. Victory Brewing)
3. Trubbel de Yards: Hats off to their originality. Combining a Tripel and a dubbel, Yards invented..Trubbel! Spicy and malty. Pretty good! Could be a thing one day

Really delicious beer, good vibes and even guided tours! Keep it up Yards, can't wait to come back! Btw food truck outside is called Say Cheese!
one of the few things i actually like about this [dark & chilly] time of year is that it's love stout season. this is my favorite of all of the yards brews, and yards itself is tops on my philly faves of breweries. i love [stout] yards.

i recently stopped by the brewery to indulge in some post-work happy hour specials and, sadly, the keg of love stout had just kicked (clearly i'm not the only fan in town). thankfully, the knowledgeable brewer tending bar steered me towards a bourbon porter which was deliciously smooth and rich, and paired nicely with the pub grub i ordered - a bowl of butternut squash soup (seasonal) and a grilled cheese sammie.

the soup was a huge portion, in a huge bowl, with huge flavor. it was thick, hearty, nutmeggy goodness, served with a couple points of a crusty bread, perfect for wiping the bowl clean. upon inquiry, i learned that this bread was from wild flour bakery in the northeast, who also baked the deliciously seedy multigrain bread used for the grilled cheese (which i enjoyed on its own, dipped in the accompanying spicy brown mustard and dipped in the squash soup!) nothing super fancy going on here food-wise - but some solid nibbles, for sure.

while hanging out at the bar, i noticed some really unique artwork adorning the walls, and was told that it was made by a local philly artist, especially to showcase at the brewery at a first friday opening event and throughout the month. super cool art AND super cool that yards, located on the edge of nolibs, has gotten its hands into the philly art scene. gotta love [stout] that!
I've been to Yards a few times for a beer or to pick up a keg.  I stopped in this past Saturday for one of their free tours.  I've been on several brewery tours and am a homebrewer myself.  This was one of the most informative tours I've ever been on.  It's simple but they provide good information, the tours are free and last about 30 minutes.  You get a few free samples and can buy some beers before/after in their tasting room.  They also have rotating food trucks that park outside and provide food as well as a small menu provided by Yards.  

The tasting room has a free pool table and table shuffle board which is awesome, although the place gets bumpin on weekends with tours.
This is the another treasure in Philly that all should come to. A bar in the brewery, what else do you need? Oh wait they also serve food ! OK I'm home, let me just park myself right here looking into the brewery. For the beer aficionado in you, this is a must visit . Where else can you get a freshly brewed craft while on tour?

You figure you're in a historical city, lets go with some of the historical legends with a few, to many libations in their honor. 
 
General Washington Porter- 7% of just great flavor, dark and rich, has a toffee rich flavor. Great taste going thru the taste buds, and after taste that is pleasant. A pint I did enjoy. The man was our first General so you know he knows his crafts, plus he is on the 1 dollar bill.  (1 pint )

Thomas Jefferson Ale 8%- ( As I would call him T.J.) This is a well crafted beauty that once it hits your taste buds, you might as well keep that tap open. The flavors are bold, with a rich taste to her. This is  made with a honey barley, with a somewhat fruity taste, followed with that beautiful amber color to her.  Though he is not on any currency , I did pay homage to the man by getting 2 pints of this delicious craft.

Poor Richard's  Spruce Ale. 5% - This is a Benjamin Franklin creation. Ben does know his beers' a great craft that I had to get 3 pints of . Amazing texture to this, smooth going down, with a great after taste.  The aroma alone coming off of this magnificent craft is intoxicating. Somewhat sweet in my opinion which just put the taste buds in overdrive.  Now I know why Ben is on the 100 dollar bill, another great discovery in beer craftsmanship. 

I was talking  to Ben , Yards bartender who is a very knowledgeable gent  who knew his crafts, and what made them stand out. That is perfect for the less informed beer drinker, or a casual drinker we'll say. (I envy him, I want his job ) 

Friendly  and clean with that beautiful bar looking into the brewery as you sit and enjoy. They also have a gift shop , where you can purchase "Yards " paraphernalia   Also they sell cases if you wanted to purchase what you sampled  that you would not be able to find to easily at a distributor.

Great place, great crew, fresh brewed beer at your disposal. I wish I could give it more than 5 stars. I'll be back again.
Ask for Mike Hans as your tour guide. You will not be disappointed!  He gives tours on Saturdays and he is hilarious and really makes the beer tour experience fun and informative.  The tour is also just in general awesome because it is FREE and there is FREE BEER.

Never had the food here but have been here several times for the tour and to get our growlers refilled.  Always a nice courteous staff, even if it's crazy busy.  They serve bar snacks during the week and have rotating food trucks available on the weekend.

I love having a world class brewery right in our backyard with a great selection.  This is a great spot to bring out of town friends for a unique experience in our fair city!
Oh my goodness. The love is so strong right now that I am literally almost fainting. I was just at Yards for the second time ever, and both were for events for the same group, but this is officially my favorite brewery now and I have to make it back a lot more often. I say this is in spite of the IPA-heavy draft list; unlike most adults I just can't do hoppy beers, but their other ales, lagers, stouts etc. are great so I'm covered on that. 

But it's not for the beer deliciousness that I'm now such a fan; it's for the specific brewery experience. The staff and servers are all so wonderful and friendly and accommodating for events - even when I want to do a massive event in the middle of the taproom instead of reserving a private room like most normal people would. But my org is all volunteers and has a budget of zero, and they are so cool with that it's just beyond words. Tonight I promised the manager Billy that when my org DOES have a budget, Yards will be at the top of our venue list for events. And that's because, beyond the hospitality and warmth you get, Yards is Philly's first 100% wind-powered brewery, and that by itself sets them apart. 

So for a family-friendly venue for events with great drinks and food (the food was a hit at tonight's event), as well as to support a socially responsible enterprise (which is respectivelyp pro-good cause orgs), you can't go wrong if you book at Yards Brewing.
I just recently made it to this location of the Yards brewery.  I was a big fan of the Kensington spot in college and had a glorious day there with my friends complete with drinking lots of PYNK, and having pizza delivered to a bar across the street, but I digress...

Yards has been in this larger more centrally located warehouse for awhile.  There's a large bar area when you walk in complete with shuffleboard and pool.  We did the tour and enjoyed our tour guide.  Also, we got to learn about all the green initiatives they have going, including feeding a lot of the leftover grain to buffalo out in Telford.  Unfortunately, I really didn't see any buffalo on the menu.  They should really publicize that more.  You don't get a ton of free beer to drink, but you can buy flights, and get a pretty cheap draft, so I'm a fan.
I think its best to come here for the beer, atmosphere and overall a good time. Ive only eaten 2 items here, but both didnt wow me like some of the other reviews mentioned the did. Service is great and they are very accomodating--my friend left her wallet at home...in jersey and they allowed her to come in but with a stamp on her hand so she couldnt get served. this was great on the mgmnt's part because we really wanted to go to Yards and stressed that. so thank you!
place is big, and doesnt feel like a brewery im typically used to. feels more like an urban edgy bar. very cool to sit outside under where the beer is brewed.

wings sucked. sorry they did, my friends werent too keen on them either. under cooked, mooshy, and didnt have a crunch. and the sauce was bland and didnt blend well with the wing. the pretzel was small, rubbery, and hard to pull apart when eating. also the sauce that it came with wasnt the pairing for a pretzel--it was almost sweet then turned sour?
Is it possible that I have yet to write a review for Yards?  Wow... evidence of what that tasty beer can do to you ;-)
Great place to spend an afternoon on a rainy or especially hot summer day - you get a free sample at the door and can meander over to the bar to order flights (there are two different flights - yes, you should get both!), pints, or growlers.  Can't beat the $5 pints, and the snacks are pretty good, too.  Don't get drunk - have a snack!
The tours are free.  The people are friendly.  There's shuffleboard!  

Go. Drink beer.
Yards Philly Pale Ale always does me right...tastes awesome, its at most quality establishments, and puts my mind and body at ease. They make a bunch of other great brews: ESA(Extra Special Ale), Saison, IPA, and Love Stout- Just to name a few. I never got to take a tour of the Brewery, which I heard had a pool table(awesome!), and unfortunately I don't think I will be able to with the current split and relocation of Yards. One can only look at this in a positive light. Now we have two great local brewers(Yards and Philadelphia Brewing Company)instead of one.
Beer: it's a brewery that makes great beer. I love that they have their staples and a rotating seasonal tap list. They have great pre-made flights (great marketing).  

Service: the bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful. Everyone is laid back which makes for a relaxing environment. They employ great tour guides that use comedy and their knowledge to give great tours. The host stand greets you with a beer! It doesn't get better than that!!!

Building/location: great location with parking in the city. They have made an outdoor seating which is great for warm days. They also partner with food tucks that pull up outside.

Love this place!
Of all the brewery tours I've been to, Yards Brewing Company has the worst thus far. The tour is just sad with tiny beer samples even for this cheap-date Asian who can't handle alcohol well. The bar area is pretty cool, but if it weren't attached to the brewery, you wouldn't be able to tell it apart from any other pub. That's a poor showing for a brewpub. They offered just two samples, the IPA and the Love Stout - the former was eh, the latter was decent. Like I said in a previous brewery review, inviting visitors to your brewery gives you an opportunity to showcase your beer, especially to out of towners that may not really know your brand. Yards clearly did not have any intentions of doing that. This might be a decent place to hang out for locals who already love Yards beer, but for visitors it leaves more to be desired. Hey, at least the visit was free.
This is a really nice, fun, open space. Great for socializing, grabbing a drink, or grabbing some food. 

There are a ton of beer options for the beer drinkers out there. 

I will comment about the food: so delicious! I have many recommendations: 

The Greek and Caesar salads are both fresh and delicious. 

As for snacks: the nachos, hummus platter, and the fried mac & cheese 

They have a great impossible burger, and falafel. Also, a tasty blackened cajun salmon, and fish tacos.
Oh Yards!  My love for your beer has reached a new level! 

Coming to Yards Brewery is an absolute fun way to spend a Sunday afternoon.  Take a brewery tour, kick back with some more beers in the tasting room, take home a growler, 6 pack or case, t-shirt, decorative beer glass - whatever tickles your fancy.  
The tour was dope.  Christian was our guide and he had us drink (and finish) a ton of beer on the tour. So unless double-fisting is your cup of tea (or in this case, beer), I suggest finishing your drink before entering the tour or wait until after. 

Stayed for some more drinking in the tasting room since we were able to snag seats at the bar and ordered a beer flight.  My love is always for their Love Stout and IPA's.  Had their Rye IPA which is hoppy deliciousness.  Coffee stout, ESA and Saison were fave picks as well. 

Love Stout was on Nitro the time we went and because of that we couldn't take home a growler.  Had Yards Root Beer for the first time and wish I could take some of that home too but unfortunately they can't do growlers either because it would go flat. (sad face) 

If their beer alone doesn't get you to come back here, the awesome vibe, atmosphere and friendly bartenders will.  I know I will!


(3/22/15)
As a craft beer enthusiast, it's in my blood (and passing through my liver) to ensure that when I visit a new area, I must Yelp away to ensure I don't miss out on some craft brews. Enter Yards Brewery, which delighted my taste buds several years ago for the first time, and upped the ante a few weekends ago, making me a true fan of the place. 

The east side of Philly is where you'll find this comfy, warehouse-esque brewery, though if you're reading this review in a few months, they might have already moved to their new location (not too far from where they were in February 2017 when this review was birthed). They have a nicely sized tasting room complete with pool table and one of those shuffleboard table games. Logos and beer names are scattered all over, and if you just do happen to want a drink, approach the peninsula-shaped bar for one of more than 15 beers on tap. 

Last time here, we missed out on the other factor of the brewery, the tour. This time, my buddies and I grabbed spots (free by the way) to ensure some brewery knowledge. On the tour we got to try two beers: Brawler (a great crispness at first with an almost smokey aftertaste) and Pynk (a wonderfully fruity and sour concoction), though when we entered the brewery we also were given a sample of one of their IPAs. Hats off to you, Yards, for dishing out some free beer love.

Back to the tour. I've been on quite a few all over and learned a great deal about beer, but this tour had one factor the others didn't: our tour guide, Mike. I won't go into specifics, but if you don't have a filter and enjoy others that don't as well, you will walk away not only learning about Yards, but in tears from laughter. I would tour the brewery every time to hear him.

Once done, we dove into a couple of flights. Grouped into three different types with prices at a steal ($6-$7 per flight). We got 2/3 to give us some beer variety. Something we learned on the tour was the incredibly cool fact that any beers named with one of our forefathers was actually brewed using a beer recipe similar to one they had cooked up! Who said history was boring? 

The George Washington Tavern Porter and Thomas Jefferson Tavern Ale were the historical brews that had me feeling patriotic in the palate. Beyond those, the Trubbel de Yards gave a good kick with its tripel/dubel combo, and my favorite from my first visit stayed the same in the deep, sweet, mildly bitter Chocolate Love Stout. You'll feel that brotherly love when drinking at Yards. 

Overall, Yard's Brewing Company is a brewery that's doing everything right to be an important, nay essential, strain in the craft beer scene of Philadelphia. It's becoming a must stop location when I find myself in Philly, because I can't turn down an opportunity to partake in everything they have to offer.  For now, I'll drink from my purchased pint glass and pretend I'm George Washington.
I had been itching to come to Yards for a good long time now. I had heard that the brewery remakes, to the best of available knowledge, beers from the recipes of the Founding Fathers, and being a bit of a history nerd and a bit of a beer nerd, I found myself at the cross section of really needing to come down to Philly and trying the flights myself.

I got three flights of them. Thomas Jefferson's ended up being my favorite, but you know, he did have some good tastes! (he would eat macaroni in front of the other FF's and they were pretty much like WTF dude why are you eating that weird trash food... but little did they know...). I found out the Poor Richard's beer was Ben Franklin's but for some legal reasons they can't say it is him (his face does appear on the bottle). I don't know why my brain fried out and didn't make the connection between Poor Richard's Almanac (written by Ben Franklin) and the beer... Ben Franklin also had like 300 nicknames/nom de plumes so it makes sense.

I also ordered the saffron rice and lamb arancini to nosh on and not get overly drunk. Those were really unexpected (especially ata brewery) but I would so order them again. Really nice comforting flavor. 

Pro tip: It's a pretty busy place. Have your party arrive all at the same time because they don't let people in, even if you are sitting at a table. Everyone has to wait on the line. I wish we knew that beforehand because some of my friends had to wait a good 20 mins (we got there a bit earlier when there was no line). 

I definitely plan on making the trip again! They really need to distribute their beer closer to my home ;)
While Yards doesn't necessarily make my go-to beer, I do have to say that they've got a great operation going on. They have an excellent brewery and taproom, great distribution and tap representation in the Philadelphia area, and really get themselves out there socially and charitably in the community. 

I've been to the brewery and taproom a handful of times now and am pretty impressed. The taproom has a very spacious bar with tables available as well. The taproom could be a destination in itself. They have a wide selection of their own beers, which I would have to assume would be the best selection out there. I had the pleasure to have the Philly Pale Ale on cask yesterday, which had a hint of grapefruit. Did they take their own beer up a notch or what? I believe they serve food during the week and have food trucks come by on the weekends. I haven't done the tour in ages but you are going to learn a lot. It's neat stuff. 

Yards represents itself really well. Founder Tom Kehoe is always involved with events in the Philadelphia beer scene. I've seen him out and about before, and think that it's really cool how involved he is and how he isn't just a figurehead. Yards has various charitable initiatives, and does some pretty cool stuff socially. They have a running club that meets once a month and then drinks afterwards. What more motivation do you need? They recently started a ladies drinking group called Lady Birds Beer Club which also meets on a monthly basis. They make it really easy to want to go there and drink their beer. 

Philly is a pretty big beer city, and if you are looking to do one brewery excursion or pick a favorite brewery to hang out at, Yards would be it.
I brought all my littles here for a family dinner during a vacation to Philadelphia.  We were seated promptly and the menu was extensive, offering far more options than the typical bar fare that you normally see.  It was not hard finding something delicious to order and the food was indeed good.  No complaints about the variety or the taste.

What WAS hard was finding out the source of the wine that I was seeing a few random people carrying around.  All we were provide with were beer menus.  

A beer menu is great if that's what you drink, like my guy.  It's not awesome if you are like me and do not drink beer.  I'm not kidding when I say that it took me 45 minutes at least to flag down the waitress and get information about me getting a glass of wine.  That's dumb.  If you sell wine just provide the wine list with the beer menu.

I also imagine that the noise level in there during dinner time is equivalent to sitting under a 50 gallon oil drum, under constant shelling during the Battle of the Bulge.  Still we survived.  The doctor says that the ringing in my ears should fade eventually.

Oh well, this place is still a solid choice.  Just know these things before you go.
I absolutely love Yards. First off, my history loving nerdy self loves the Ales of the Revolution. Not only are they a fun theme, but they really do taste good. My favorite is the Jefferson, which old school people know it used to be called Tavern Ale. I was very happy to visit the new location (I'm not even sure if I can call it new anymore but it's new to me). It's super open and has lots of seating. We went on a crowded Saturday night and were able to score seats at the bar...lucky timing. The food was also pretty good. I liked the pretzel with cheese and mustard. The pork sandwich was ok.  Love the gift shop with fun things to take home including a make your own six pack!
Already a big fan of their beer, and I moved to NoLibs a few months ago. Finally got to go on the tour! 
This is a fun, and different thing to do around the city, especially since its getting cold out now. The tours are interesting, filled with little histories and factoids, and the best part is that you get to sample as you go. A great activity to do with friends. Make sure you book your tour because they fill up fast. 
We stayed and had a few drinks after the tour in the "tasting" room. It was a little packed but we got a table and a few things to munch on from the food truck. Everyone s great there and they are obviously used to the crowds because the huge lines to the bar didn't seem to slow them down and we barely had to wait.
The Yards Brewery was a great experience! If you are a beer drinker, the signature flight is worth a try. I found the beers to be decent and they had a good selection of different options. 

The food was hit or miss. Let's start with the good- the sesame brocolli was bangin'! It had a very light partial coating of tempura batter and the sauce was amazing! The nachos were not so good, the cheese sauce was sparse so there weren't a lot of good bites.

Let's talk about the desserts. They had a s'mores bar and birthday cake bar, both of which were ice cream sandwiches. They were the perfect ending to a fun meal. 

Service was good and friendly. We sat outside with my dog and the waitress brought her water. I would definitely come back!
I made it to the new location and Hallelujah - there is more space!!  I was lucky - came on a Friday night after happy hour time and it wasn't too crowded.  Upon grabbing a seat at the bar - I could see the shuffle board and pool tables.  Adding food is a plus - I had a the pretzel and fries.  Food is priced reasonable.  The open space does cause the place to become very loud.  That's the only downside I really took into account.  

It seems that everyone will be able to get in the building, where there was always that dreaded line in the old place.   

I like the space and will make future visits.
Hands down this new location is everything the first should have been. While they haven't given up on checking your ID at the door they have upgraded the process by giving you a stamp. Isn't that lovely? 
No? I didn't think so either. 

They offer shuffle board, pool, a variety of seating (bar, high tops around/along the far wall, bench tables reminiscent of Frankford Hall), and overlooking enclosed 2nd floor. 

I got lucky coming here on a Sunday night (Eagles Game Day). I can expect any other night to be jam-packed with large groups. The result of that being conversations will become overwhelmingly loud. As if the other location wasn't known for that already. At least people won't be waiting in that dreaded cue anymore. They haven't finished installing all of the brewing equipment, which was shocking to me. I don't understand why they would rush to get people in before every aspect was ready to go considering people are looking forward to brew tours on this elevated scale, but who am I? 

Do they offer food? Its about damn time they offered a food menu as well but I will miss those food trucks. Hopefully they will still incorporate a few on the weekend. The beer selection is better than ever but I wish they would include their Limited Releases into their flight menu and I quote, 

"You can get a 5oz taste of them but we don't include them in the selection of flights." 

Makes no freaking sense. It's the same thing! 

Service...wasn't up to my standards at least with my first bartender,  his support on the other hand was fantastic. 

Overall, I'll continue to visit just like I have in the past.
How have I not written a review for Yards, yet?! One of my first Philly beer experiences, Yards always keeps me coming back for more. Definitely some of the friendliest bartenders in the city, these guys and gals know their stuff! They're always there to sling me a brew if I know what I want, or help with some ideas when I'm not sure. 

Yards keeps a solid rotation of their beers on draft for super affordable prices. BONUS last time I was there, a Yelp checkin got me my first beer for free!!

There are free tours and samples on the weekends, food trucks roaming in and out, and the beer is delicious. Even the styles that I don't like, I can respect for being well-made versions of particular styles. I LOVE bringing guests by to check out this hometown hero and consider it a Philly-must!
I was going to give this place 3 stars because it's kinda small/awkward crowded for a brewery, the tour is OK not amazing compared to other Brewery Tours I've been on, and I only like one of their beers.
But then I remembered one key point: I don't like beer. 

I've spent 10 years trying to like beer and have resigned to be a sexy cocktail femme fatale instead of the cool down to earth beer chick. Which sucks, because being sexy does not come as naturally as the dirt under my nails. Buuuut the reason why I love this place is because of the Yards Brawler. Before Yards Brawler I was doing shameful things like ordering Snakebite and Bloody Ho's (beers mixed with framboise) and getting MOCKED for it. Now, The Brawler is my go-to order. My friend and I got the sampler pack a couple of years ago when we were young and experimental and it's like finding your favorite pair of jeans that never stretch out. You feel comfortable ordering it and people don't mock you-- in fact they mistake you for liking beer and being the cool down to earth beer chick.

Also this review is for the COMPANY which rocks a solid A in my books. They do so many things for the Philadelphia community (and beyond) that I love them. I mean this is the site where I've been to the MOST fundraisers oddly enough. haha! Love it!
A five-star review is rare, but let's lay out the facts:
1) Draft beers hardly exceed $5/pint. This is amazing craft beer, and that's cheap for Philly these days.  Plus, it's directly from the source-- amazing.
2) Free tours on weekends (Saturdays usually).  Free beer during the free tour and a fun look at how beer goes from its ingredients to a social lubricant. Thank you so much.
3) A great location with fairly easy to acquire parking and near to the Market-Frankford El.  
4) The tasting room is beautiful, has its own kitchen, hosts live music events and fundraisers, and often has a food truck parked out front dishing out Philly's best. 
5) Friendly staff-- They're just great. 
6) Specialty brews that you might not be able to get anywhere else.

Yards makes the best beer in the city, and missing a visit is a big mistake.
Awesome brewery tour! I came here with my boyfriend on a Saturday afternoon, and we had a great time. First of all, Yards set the tone right by telling us the tour was free and handing us a beer sample right as we walked in the door. We hung around the tasting room before the tour and only waited a few minutes before our tour began. They start at noon and run every 30 min. Our tour guide (who we believe was named Mike) was hilarious! He was drinking with us on the tour and encouraged double fisting the samples :) He gave a good presentation about Yards and was able to answer all of the questions that people on our tour had (including really detailed stuff that some people who were home brewers threw at him). Beer flights after the tour were only $5 for 4 samples; the bartender also allowed us to mix and match between the "historical" Yards beers and the regular ones. This is a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon!

PS - It's definitely bikeable from Center City.
Breaking update. The new Yards brewery is a sight to see!  It's large, pristine and your quintessential industrial brewery setting.

Yards has always represented the Philly craft brewing scene, but now represents in a shiny, magnificent way.

What's new? Aside from a larger facility, they now operate a gastro pub. I'm itching to try it, but have heard good things. There's an upstairs area for private parties (dear anyone who knows me, please have a party there and invite me). 

They still offer the same solid brews and friendly staff. There is a parking lot, although I couldn't find it so parked on the street.

Their involvement in the running community and charitable community is also huge. Check out the Yards Bridge Run the third Monday of each month from spring to fall. Discount beverages happen each time and most months they raise funds for local groups in need. It makes me proud to support these charitable endeavors.

The new location has only been open a few weeks at this point, but it's already a hit. I don't see Yards losing steam any time soon. Cheers to beers!
Very fun and trendy brewery near me. I love the amount of outdoor and indoor seating they have. Very spacious inside and a great place to watch the game. I ordered the loyal lager, which tasted exactly how the menu described it (crisp and clean). My friends and I shared the German style chocolate cake and that was everything! We all agreed that we'd come back just for that cake. Very fudgy, moist and perfect. Grab a beer and some cake from Yards. I will be back!
The best in the business. I've spent multiple Saturday afternoons here in the summer before the monthly free concerts at the festival pier. The service is friendly, patient, and helpful. They offer you complementary samples at the entrance. Every weekend a new food truck parks outside, giving you a different taste of Philly with each visit. Chalkboards line the bar area and give you an idea of whats on tap and what is to come. 

Our tour guide was very animated and passionate about their beer. He offered some great incite on where the beer originated and how far west you can get Yards. Its amazing to think all the product comes from this location alone. They provide you with a free drink after. All their beers are $5, it'll be at least $7 if you go to any other bar. 

I was going to give this place a 4/5 stars because of the size of the tasting room, it gets cramped at times with large crowds, however they offer free shuffle board and pool, which is pricy anywhere else in the city. 

So enjoy a new beer, play some shuffle board, try something unique from a random food truck and pick up some merch. Yards is the best their is to offer when it comes to breweries in Philadelphia. We are lucky to have such a place in our city.
This is the quintessential brewery experience.  The tasting room makes me feel like i'm in a Colorado ski lodge- pool table, tons of seating, big loft style building, and a bar equipped with the standard brews, and some special wildcards, and stocked to the gills with people who know beer and are happy to talk about it.

I dropped in on Sunday around 3:30p (they close at 4p on Sun) to settle a bet with my boyfriend.  The loser had to fill the growler, and buy a round.  His treat :-).  We sat around the bar, learned about Beer Week opportunites in the area, and talked about the Purity Laws of beer with bartender Jake.  My boyfriend lost another bet around these purity laws, and Jake helped set the record straight that he was in fact wrong.  We filled our growler up with the Saison ($12) and were on our way.  

If you come here during more of an 'on' time though, there will typically be a food truck out front to offset your drunk.  They have a schedule of the trucks so you can prepare for what to crave when the beers set in.  It's always something amazing though.  The Foo Truck in particular rocked my world with a tofu lemongrass foowich recently.  Memorable!

If there isn't a food truck outside, Yards will provide you with munchies.  Nothing amazing, but not too bad either... and at a very reasonable price.

Finally, if you have time and the opportunity, the tour is a great option.  If you visit lots of breweries, I don't recall anythign mind-blowing about this tour... but I always find them interesting and somehow they just make the beer taste better.  The tours are free.  Check the website for timing.

Before you leave, you can buy 22's, t-shirts, growlers, hoodies, cases of beer, etc.  Sometimes you can even catch a sale.  I pretty much adore this place.
This review is for the tasting room.  MOP THE GODDAMN FLOOR.  The amount of stickiness on the floor, when the place was only open for an hour, was indicative of either a whole keg just spilling on the floor or you all never mopping it.  My sandal broke because it was stuck on the ground.  C'mon!  People are eating and drinking here.
Planning a bachelor party from out-of-town is not an easy experience.  Its especially challenging when the groom is an informed foodie and craft beer snob from Philadelphia, with an opinion on every hipster hot-spot in town.  So when I happened across the Yards Brewery on Delaware Ave. - a microbrewery close to local "adult establishments" with a private tasting room and brewery tour - I knew I'd hit the jackpot.

The fee to rent the room was reasonable, and instead of going with the catering menu (featuring locally produced food, including some meats & breads fed/produced with grains used in the brewing process!) we brought in our own food, which was not an issue.  As a part of the 3-hour rental we got an escorted tour of the brewery, and our tour guide/event planner Zack did an excellent job corralling 13 drunk guys into an educational experience and through a maze of brewing and bottling machines.

The party room had a (small) TV that we used to watch the Flyers (lose), plenty of seating at the bar and around the room, plus billiards and shuffleboard tables for those who weren't content on just sitting/chatting/drinking.  On the whole the venue allowed those who didn't know each other to get to know each other, along with the opportunity to lubricate oneself for when the party moved down the street... to the 24-hour Starbucks... to discuss our feelings... yeah, that's exactly what happened and we're sticking to it!

The beer selection, all brewed in-house, was exceptional.  Beer was charged by the glass for the group and we had the dishwasher working overtime. If you're there when they're producing their seasonal Saison, which the groom not coincidentally served at the wedding, DRINK IT.  

I'd definitely recommend for any bachelor parties or beer fans looking for a unique private party venue, or check their website for days/times to drop in even when you don't have a unique celebration upcoming.
In my opinion, this is what heaven should be like!

Honestly, what better place is there to hang out and spend half a day then at a brewery like this? We came here this past Saturday for the free tour and to hang out in the "tasting room" (really just a glorified name for the bar) for some excellent Yards beer straight from the source. 

First off, the website says parking is available, but be forewarned this does not guarantee you'll find a spot nearby. There is basically a limited amount of street parking available around the building; after circling a few times we were lucky enough to grab a spot right in front of the entrance (Yards is actually RIGHT next to Sugarhouse Casino, so if you feel like taking the risk, you can try parking there...). My second warning is be prepared for some big crowds, as the tour seems to be a popular attraction on the weekends (they go from 12-4 PM, my advice is get there at the earlier times). 

Crowds and parking issues aside,  this is definitely a great place to be. First and foremost, Yards brews some of the best beers I've tasted, and their Philadelphia Pale Ale is now my new favorite beer! Upon entering, the "hostesses" (they don't really seat you, just get you into a tour) offered free samplings of the Philadelphia Pale Ale, which is the perfect way to get things started off! We were a group of 5, and got there around 2:45 PM, and already they were saying their tours are mostly full. They managed to squeeze us into the 3:00 tour, so we grabbed a beer (PPA for me of course!) while waiting.

At about 3:05, the tour got started, and we filed into the back room area with the huge vats. Again, they offered more samplings here, your choice of the PPA or their new Spruce Ale. Since my fiance doesn't drink beer, I got to have one of each; of course the PPA was delicious, but surprisingly so was the Spruce Ale (made to taste like a Spruce Tree!). We were then taken on the tour around their facilities by Mike, probably the best tour guide they have to offer! The dude was hilarious, cracking jokes left and right and dressed in shorts and a hoodie (the temperature outside was about 34 degrees, and it was the same in the brewing area). Mike was also very knowledgeable, and you could tell he really loved his job and the company he works for (seriously though, who wouldn't love a job working at a brewery lol?).

The tour lasted roughly 30-35 minutes, and we got to see many of the ins and outs of the brewery. Once it was over, we went back out into the tasting room, where we were able to snag a table. Feeling both thirsty and hungry by now, I ordered a Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale (from their Ales of the Revolution series) and a bison (yes, thats right bison!) chili. Fun fact about the bison chili, Mike told us that the grains they use for their beer are recycled into food for local farms, including feeding bison. The bison is then bought by Yards for use in its food...so these are Yards beer fed bison (talk about the circle of life)!

Finally, we finished off our drinking splurge by sharing 2 flight (5 sampling sizes) of their 10 beers on tap; the Signature Ales and the Ales of the Revolution, in my opinion the perfect way to cap off the afternoon/evening by tasting a little bit of every beer Yards has to offer!

Even though I did just about everything there is to do here (tour, taste all the beers, eat), I would jump at the opportunity to come back and enjoy some of the best tasting beer Philly has to offer!
Any brewery that celebrates the history of our country is excellent in my book. I have been there twice and it gets better each time.  I am a HUGE fan of their Ales of the Revolution. It's so much fun knowing that I am enjoying the brews that 3 of our founding fathers created. 

You have President Jefferson's Tavern Ale made with rye and honey, President Washington's Tavern Porter made with a molasses base and lastly, history's favorite booze hound and womanizer, Benjamin Franklin. This is my personal favorite. Benjamin Franklin's Poor Richard's Tavern Spruce Ale is made with spruce needles and molasses. It makes a thicker ale that have a sweet yet light pine note to the after taste. Simply Devine. 

On my first venture to Yards, I took the tour. I was honored to be shown the brewery by the founder and brewmaster, Mr. Tom Kehoe. He was incredibly friendly and funny. You can see my picture with him in my profile.  He also informed us that the brewery is totally green. It recycles everything possible, and they are powered by green energy. YES!

Mr. Kehoe, I love your beer! I raise my glass of Tavern Spruce to you and the future of Yards Brewing Company.
Perfect on a sunday afternoon, where the crowd is very laid back and mostly local. We played on the shuffle board and at pool table which was free to play. 

Staff and customers are all fun to be around. The tour is free and you get 2 free tastings. I loved the revolutionary Thomas Jefferson and the signature pale ale. Fun fact from the tour: the revolutionary line is based off beer recipes made back when Washington was around. 

One of the best places to check out in Philadelphia!
We arrived a little after 2:30, on a gorgeous Saturday afternoon and were informed that the next (FREE) tour would start at 3:00.  No problem, we're at a brewery, I'm sure we can find some way to entertain ourselves.  At that point we were provided a sample of Yards IPA (my favorite), and a blue poker chip (our "ticket" for the tour).  The place was pretty busy, but we easily found two seats at the bar.  Having tried most of the Yards brews, I opted for the "Trubbel de Yards", a Belgian style ale, which was delicious in all 9.2% of its alcohol content.  Oops.  On to the tour.  Keith, our guide, was knowledgeable, hilarious, and encouraged us to help ourselves to plenty of samples.  All in all, a great way to spend a Saturday, and an excellent activity for out of town visitors!
Yards Brewing Company is a true Philadelphia institution.  Originally located in Manyunk, Yards resurrected a pre-prohibition brewing plant, formerly Weisburg and Hess Oriental Brewing Company, in the Kensington section of Philadelphia. They have a sense of humor about their location, having named their recent Belgian Style 'Chateau Kenso' which plays on a nickname for the folks who reside in Kensington, most likely in abodes that bear no relation to chateaus.  For promotional events they like to visit the dollar store, buy some merch and slap their Yards stickers on it.  I have a cheap chess board with a Yard's sticker I got from one of their tasting nights. They also have a t-shirt made for their Saison that says "shower yourself in golden refreshment." Hee-hee.

The brewery tour is a lot of fun.  They take you around the plant, have you sniff handsful of hops and munch on barley, teaching you how they get from the basic ingredients to the bottle of Philly Pale Ale.  At the end you find yourself in this large loft-like space with a small bar that offers tastings of all of their products (no charge, but tip the bartender).  There's a pool table, a juke box and lots of comfy seating.  It is a great way to spend a lazy Saturday afternoon, and in all a cheap way to have a few beers.
Yards beers generally underwhelm me, but their offerings have expanded along with their space, and I found a few new brews on a recent visit here.

The new space is going for a beer hall vibe, which makes it vibrant (read: noisy) and good for large groups.

Table service was available and relatively prompt on the night of our visit.  Food options included the standard pub burgers as well as more trendy choices like ramen.

Multiple requests were needed for utensils, but my sincere thanks -- and possibly apologies? -- to the server who was saddled with our table of 10 celebratory weirdos.
Ahhhh Yards. I love Yards Brewing Company. I've never been disappointed in their beers. Whether you're looking for something special like their ESA, something dark like the Chocolate Love Stoudt, something old school like the Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale, or something classic like the Brawler, you're sure to find something that will tickle your fancy. I've been to the brewery twice now, once when they just bought the place and once a few weeks ago. It's so exciting to see how quickly they've had to expand to accommodate the demand for their beers. 

If you have time, definitely go on a tour of the brewery. I know it may sound lame because you've probably been on so many, but this one is totally worth it. Not only are the staff/tour guides totally cool but they let you drink beer THE ENTIRE TIME and they keep refilling!! Literally you can't run out of beer to drink while on the 30-minute or so tour. It's pretty awesome. 

Last time I was there I broke down and bought an old school baseball shirt. I wear it everywhere and I'm always getting compliments on either the shirt or how awesome this place is. 

If you're in Northern Liberties and have some time, definitely stop by and take a tour or just walk in for a brew. You won't be disappointed.
So glad work led me to find the place! Few things, it has a great events space on the second floor that is ideal for rehearsal dinners, wedding reception and corporate events! 

Second the food is mouth watering! The Dan Dan's Sesame Broccoli is possible the best bowl of vegetables I've ever eaten. Crunchy, sweet, sour and very filling. The wings are hot, crunchy perfection I could eat bowls and bowls of them. 

Finally the beer, you can't go wrong with a the revolutionary flight and a few pints of Washington's Porter.
Had an awesome visit on Saturday. I went with a few friends around 1:30pm and we immediately got on a tour that was getting ready to leave. Because our tour group had about 8 of us, though enough samples for 40, we have some lovely libations as we learned about how Yards brews its brews. The tour guide was pretty good -- relatively knowledgeable, cute despite his Bieber haircut, and intent on telling us all about the packaging process, which is his usual job and which I found surprisingly interesting.

After the tour, we hung out in the bar area and there were a ton of open tables at that time. By 3ish though, the place was packed and standing-room only. I imagine that's when there was the wait for tours that was mentioned in some other reviews. We got a few flights of beers -- each flight is 4 4oz sips for $5 -- great deal. I also had a grilled cheese, which was also $5 and pretty good. Their bread comes from a bakery that takes their leftover yeast (or was it hops or wheat?) and trades them bread for it -- nice barter economy. 

Would love to go back again for a tour of just to hang in their bar.
I made Yards Brewing Company a stop along my Philadelphia brewery tour.  At first we arrived with all intentions of taking a tour but then realized that if we opted out of the tour and just got a few beers, we'd be able to hit more stops.  So we decided....who needs a tour?

We ordered up a couple flights, one of their Signature Ales (I liked the brawler and the love stout) and another that was a variety of their Seasonal Ales and Ales of the Revolution.  The tap room has a cool atmosphere and we enjoyed the brews.  For a Saturday afternoon the place was popular but we were still able to get a table.  

I'm also a sucker for craft root beer.  The fact that Yards had their own delicious root beer on tap is a plus.  And it earned them an extra star.  Worth a stop when you're in the city of brotherly love.  Next time maybe I'll stay for the tour.
I love this place.  I could write a 5 paragraph essay, and you still might not understand how much I love Yards, but I'll start out with a numbered list, and will do my best. 

1. Their beer really just is that good. All of the beer they have is top notch. I love it all, especially the Ales of the Revolution and Love Stout. The Saison is definitely my new favorite summer beer!

2. They are awesome at holding events for fundraisers, happy hours, etc. The last happy hour I went to there for my alumni group - we each got several free beers! Score!

3. The bartenders and super friendly and love to chat.

4. I held my birthday here - private tour. It was $15/person and came with a free pint of beer. It also included a bunch of samples on the actual tour. There were a TON of us, and the tour guide and staff were super accomodating despite the extra large group.

5. I have taken the tour at least 3 times, and each time has been a little different. I've done a tiny tour and a huge one, but they are always informative, funny,  and just plain fun. The free tours and samples are awesome as well!

6. They have some food, and on Saturdays - when they are open 12-7, there is a food truck outside (it changes weekly), and you can take the food inside!

7. Easily accessible via subway (get off at Spring Garden. Go towards Columbus Blvd and turn left. Up about a block).  You can technically take the Sugarhouse Shuttle there too from Center City. 


Oh Yards, how I love you.
Great tour. Awesome Beers.  Tasty food.  I really couldn't ask for more.  Phil the tour guide was very knowledgeable and answered everyone's questions.  We were able to taste the IPA and porter.  The tour runs every half hour and we came just in time for the next tour.  The grilled cheese was delicious, they use the grains from the brewery for the bread.  The bf enjoyed his andouille sausage quesadilla.  I also enjoyed the season tripel.  If you haven't done the tour, I don't really know what your waiting for. GO!
Freedom

Drank my face off, while standing outside, on the sidewalk.

Freedom. 

Every table inside was taken, and almost all tables outside were filled.

Freedom.

The awesome part was that we were able to buy their refreshing Yards beers from a cart by one of the entrances and stand on the sidewalk and get drunk.  Yes, just like in London.

Freedom.

I love being able to drink, on the sidewalk, in my Constitutional Republic.

Freedom.
I love yards Beer. I really do 5 out of 5 stars for the beers. BUT this new joint needs to step up their food game. I've been in a handful of times and each time the food was just barely edible. Crab toast with ice cold crab meat, wings and various entrees are all a huge swing and miss. I told the server what I thought and even he admitted that when one of the chefs isn't in the kitchen standards go down the drain. Something tells me that not even the chef would make a difference. My advice to Yards: take a step back, rerack the menu and just go with simple fresh ingredients. It really really needs work. Also, the space (while nice) really lacks a certain measure of personality that the old tasting room had. It feels like any typical chain type restaurant when you walk in. Such high hopes and such disappointment. Hopefully they find their way. 

This is Philly right? Tough love is something we don't shy away from. Good luck! I'll be back but I think I'll stop for dinner somewhere else next time.
So glad that I finally got to come here. I am a huge fan of Yards beer and always wanted to drop by the brewery for a tour, some beer, and a possible growler fill. Today my wish was fulfilled. 

We arrived shortly before 2PM. Parking can be a pain, right next to the brewery, but you are able to park across the street on Delaware Avenue, where we easily found a spot. 

As soon as we walked through the door, we were greeted by a sweet hostess who poured a sample of a special release beer that was also available for purchase (I'm still kicking myself for not getting it). We then proceeded into the brewery where a table welcomed us with several cups of both Yards Brawler and IPA, two very delicious beers. 

I've been on quite a few brewery tours and you hear the old saying "if you've been on one, then you've been on all of them." True to an extent but I learned quite a few interesting facts on this tour that I didn't know before. Our tour guide was super jolly with a great sense of humor and kept us interested the whole time (and even let us have a few extra samples). I can say with confidence that this was one of my favorite brewery tours that I've ever been on. 

Needless to say, by the end of the tour our small tour group of 6 was starting to become a lot closer as the free samples did their job. We left the brewery tour feeling great and proceeded to check out the brewpub area, which is filled with memorabilia, growlers to go, and packaged beer for sale. 

One final noteworthy thing about Yards that totally scored points in my book was the fact that they don't make you buy one of their growlers, which a lot of brewpubs and microbreweries will do, if you decide to purchase their beer to go. And for only $10 for session beers and $12 for signature beers, that is a damn good deal! Can't speak for the food, but that's just all the more reason to come back.
i don't drink beer but i came here for a company HH and had a great time! they had a muddled strawberry vodka drink and it was super delicious, they also had some seltzers as well

we got the wings, nachos and pretzel. the wings are on the smaller side, i've definitely had better. the nachos needed way more cheese and toppings - not a good chip to topping ratio! the pretzel was decent

overall the food is average but i feel like people come here for the beer!
So I love their beer, love everyone of them to death.  And I enjoyed the tour, and the chili was tasty.

But I kind of felt ripped off at the bar.  I mean, I live across the street from a bar in center city where there's usually a Yards pint for $3, but at thew brewery the pints were $5 a pop.

Now I know $5 a pint is kind of standard, but when you're at the brewery you'd think they'd make it a little cheaper to try to win you over.  I don't know, maybe they don't need to, maybe you're already a fan if you're there.  It just seems odd that I had to pay more for the product at the brewery than I typically do out in the "real world"
Pleased as punch with our tour, which was given by Patrick. He was really enthusiastic and informative, and the free beer is obviously a giant plus. They also give you the choice of a free glass or bottle opener at the end of the tour, making the $5 tour fee more than worth it. 

We also had an early dinner here following the tour, and the food was delicious. I got the sloppy veggie with fries, and my fiance got the wings and crispy potatoes. Everything was great, and our server was friendly and attentive. I love that they leave the menus hanging on the sides of the tables so you can pick your next beer without having to ask for a beer menu. More bars and restaurants need this!
Now this is way cool.. The tour was interesting and it included 2 beer tasting.. Let it rock!

This place is packed house... Happy goers playing pool, chatting, eating and of course; drink beer! When you first come in, the front counter staff would give you a token with color, that will deternment when you get to go on your tour and with that token, he hand you a cup of draft beer. How rad is that while waiting. The tours go for 20-25 mins and learning their system of how it gets processed and bottle. It was really fun tour. After the tour, we got a chance to hang out and try their flight, of 5-6 beers for $6. With some food, we were happy camper. 

Yes for Yards Brewing Company whenever you visit this city!
So I must say I've been to many breweries and have participated on many tours and none of them have been as entertaining as they Yards Brewery tour.  The tour guides love what they do and it shows.  They were super engaging and hilarious.  I didn't get any food from the tasting menu but they had a pretty solid menu and there was also a food truck option (which I believe rotates) right outside.  I got to try several beers which I wasn't even aware Yards made and would definitely recommend people go check it out. A great way to spend an afternoon.
As much of a beer connoisseur that I am, I am embarresed to say that it took me a while to get here.

This is partly because it falls in to the "baseball fan in your own city" rule, your more of a fan when you go out of town to see your team, same goes with beer bars and breweries.

But I've made it here a few times now, and it's pretty cool, wish they were open longer, but it's a great philly spot. 

to all you out of towners, the brewery is not as cool as others around the country, but the beer speaks for itself, and it's next door to a rock climbing gym, i mean come on man, i think it's the only one in the country who has that? (lol)
Finally stopped by the new site of Yards on Spring Garden Street for some food and drinks! Yards is an acclaimed local craft beer company in Philly and I find their new restaurant & bar worth visiting!

When we walked in the entrance at 5th st & Spring Garden on a Friday evening, the staff warmly checked our ID and got us stamped. The nice about Yards is that you can either request a table for a more formal dining experience, or just order your food & drink at a line and hang out in the huge cafeteria-style seating area. The interior is simple yet unique, as you can see the brewing facility behind the glass. They also have a beer shop near the entrance if you feel like grabbing a pack of beer to go.

Yards has a wider selection of beer than I expected, as I've only tried 2-3 types of Yards at other local bars. The 20 oz draft beer is $6 or $7 and the beer flight is $7. My friends ordered beer of their liking and I sampled two beers from the revolution flight. Really like love stout!

The food is on the upper spectrum of bar food in Philly. Our group ordered Philly wings, saffron arancino, green salad, Yards BBQ platter (for two). The wings were pretty nice and I liked the extra spiciness of the jalapeno power. the green salad was refreshing and light, with simple honey-lemon dressing. I haven't tried the saffron arancino. Finally, the BBQ platter was such a great choice for meat lovers like us! It included cheddar bratwurst, brisket, ribs with red cabbage slaw, potato salad and cornbread. The cheddar bratwurst was so delicious and cheesy, I'm sure I'll come back for more. The brisket and ribs were okay, definitely can't match those tender or off-the-bone perfection in Texas or St. Louis, but were flavorful and satisfying.

The new Yards is definitely a trendy place to visit in 2018. Bottom line: great bar food and freshly-brewed beer, friendly yet somewhat slow service. Price-wise, more expensive than neighborhood bars (it seems they don't have happy hour rates).
There is something about breweries that make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside... I'm sure the alcohol content of the beer is helping.

Yards Brewing Company is no exception. The people who work here really seem to love what they do and have a great time doing it. The tour is fun and informative, and you get a free tasting while walking through the brewery! Note: It is a bit chilly in here. Assume if it's cold outside, it will be cold inside. This is only true of the tour, not of the tasting room. 

Being the lush that I am, I felt the need to try both flights offered. The Signature Ale flight is laid out from Malty to Hoppy (which is coincidentally in order of my favorite to least favorite -- hoppy beer and I are not friends) and the Revolution flight is their 3 presidential ales and the love stout. 

If you aren't feeling a full tasting, the staff is super knowledgeable and would be able to help you choose the perfect beer for you.

Now that I am aware how close this is to me, I have a bad feeling the staff is going to get sick of me!
Yards may just set the bar for what a brewery should be in terms of experience. The only thing lacking at the brewery is the ambiance which is fairly sterile and the crowd which is a bit bro heavy, but it's to be expected at such a nice brewery. Upon entering, you get a fairly healthy pour of a sample, the saisson when we came, which was quite nice though a little hoppy for me for a saisson. I don't love most of the beer I find from them at our beer store, but the choices beyond the standards here were awesome. There are 4 standard beers, 4 revolution inspired ones, and 5 small batch and experimental ones which rotate. You can do a flight of each type. The revolutionary ones which included those inspired by Washington and Jefferson's home brews and some tavern ales were quite good. The small batch were my favorite though and very unique. After all the tastes, we took the free tour which visited the impressively large brewery and workshop which is about to expand again. The tour was pretty good for a brewery and actually went beyond the normal "hops, barley, yeast, and water" parts that every other brewery seems unwilling to go beyond. We even got two more samples of the standard beers while on the tour. Unfortunately the weather wasn't great, or we would have sat at the tables outside. Instead, we visited the food truck which was outside as the brewery doesn't serve food. They normally have a food truck over the weekends with different types of food. The fries we got from the Guerilla truck were heavy, but really well seasoned. Yards is pretty much the perfect brewery experience, they just need to get a little more atmosphere.
Came here on the opening weekend of the new location. New location is much bigger than the former but lacks the character. They have a much more extensive food menu as well. It was basically an interesting take on typical pub food. The flavors were definitely "unique", not everyone we were with loved it. I used to be a big fan of Yards beer but there are now many other better options in the city for local beer. I'm sure I'll be back but wasn't blown away.
I really liked yards. It reminded me of the brewery's we have in Cincinnati. It had a very welcoming and lively feel. The beers we tried were all very good. I had a bourbon barrel aged porter that was delicious. The IPAs I tried were also very tasty and had a good hop flavor, and one had grapefruit which was awesome. For food, we split the Reuben fritters, which was basically a Reuben sandwich, all diced up and rolled into balls and deep fried with thousand island to dip. The filling was slightly breadier then I would have liked, but it had great flavor. I'd definitely come back here next time I'm in philly.
Food, beer and service were all five stars.  I was with a large group for my brothers birthday party and the staff from front to back did an excellent job.  Everyone was satisfied and happy.  I would most certainly look at Yards for any future celebration I would have.
Work party review!

When I first heard that my branch of Whole Fooods was gearing up to throw its annual store party at the Yards Brewing Company I was popping and locking like Carlton (http://youtu.be/zS1cLOIxsQ8). Especially when I factored in things like the special open bar rate and free brewery tours that it would offer. And n the end I got an awesome package from the spot that provided my first ever real taste of Philly beer (despite it separating from its brotherhood of PBC in a Twix Factory moment).

Yards gave our group the flexibility to do things like bring our own food spread and post up special raffle prizes for team members to win. And the open bar package that they offered gave whomever wanted to opportunity to enjoyed as many brews from their signature offerings, Ales of the Revolution series, and what limited batches they had on tap for just $27. So when I wasn't savoring the smoothness of the Bourbon Spruce and infinite power of the Grand Cru, I was kicking it with Poor Richard and a Brawler.

Despite our tour guide being a wee bit tipsy for the circumstances, and out of practice in giving tours by a couple months; he managed to offer an informative and interesting tour of the brewery vicinity. It was especially interesting to hear that the warehouse used to maintain an old indoor skate park while checking the remnants of the street art within.

The tour and brew left enough whimsy to merit another visit, possibly even during a UYE. Especially when their tasting room features a menu of  offerings made with ingredients from farmers that they exchange their leftover grains with like buffalo chili and fresh baked goods.
Had a blast at the Yards Brewery yesterday. I participated in the Bikes and Beers Philadelphia fundraiser (proceeds supported The Bicycle Coalition of Philadelphia) that began and ended outside of the Yards establishment. Having lived in Philly for nearly a year, it was practically a mortal sin that I hadn't been here before.

The taproom is great, with 13-14 different brews flowing. And as part of the cycling event, my first two beers were on the house. I didn't partake in an organized tour, but I definitely enjoyed the atmosphere of an NFL Sunday. My only real criticisms are their kitchen is closed on weekends and the men's room only has one urinal - kinda ridiculous for a beer hall. I know Yards is opening an brand new facility in the near future, so hopefully they can correct these faux-pas.
My love of beer and activities and desire not to have to drive anywhere, made this a perfect destination to celebrate my birthday with my friends.  We arrived at one and about 15 of us had no trouble all getting into the next tour.  They seemed to run every half hour on Saturdays.  

The tour was very informative and started of with ample samples of the Philadelphia Pale Ale and Brawler to get you in the mood to learn about beer for the next 30 minutes.  The most interesting fact I learned was that they will sell 80,000 kegs this year, all of which they brew and fill out of the seemingly small brewery on Columbus Boulevard!  I was also happy to learn how environmentally conscious Yards is.  They are 100% powered by wind.  Our tour guide was hilarious, so not only was the tour informative, it was very enjoyable.

One of the most awesome parts of the Brewery is seeing beers you don't normally see.  For example, they had a Maibock on tap as well as a Grand Cru.  I tried both and they were great.  The Grand Cru was my favorite!  It was a really cool experience, and I highly recommend it for any event that involves beer lovers.
This review isn't for the company as a whole, but specifically the tour, the beer and recently opened tasting room.

The brewery tour:  The tour we went on while we were there was led by a guy named Toby. Hands down the most humorous and entertaining brewery tour I've been on! 

The beer:  I'm still not a big fan of their ESA or IPA, but I am super into Brawler and their Ales of the Revolution! It was only on the tour that I learned each of these ales (General Washington's Tavern Porter, Poor Richard's Tavern Spruce Ale and Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale) are actually based on recipes written by their namesakes! So cool! 

Tasting Room:  Although I think they could do a little better with the food menu, I enjoyed their different styles of grilled cheese sandwiches and their chili. They have Yards merch for sale, a spacious seating area and a free pool table! On their website you can read about their impressive sustainability efforts.

I kind of want to have my birthday party here this summer!!
I love this place. 

The guys behind the bar always know what they're talking about and are always willing to help make a suggestion or recommendation and usually throw in a few free beer samples if you're undecided on a beer. Pints are usually always $5, and you can't go wrong with that.

The brewery has a small kitchen menu, mainly a handful of sandwiches- but the local food trucks outside of the building is where it's at! They encourage you to bring the food truck grub straight into the brewery so you can enjoy your food with a great paired craft beer.

There are free tours on weekends (I think only on Saturdays running every hour).  

Parking can be a  bitch, there are times were we've had to park at Sugar House Casino and walk over, but it's only a quarter mile. 

Oh, and how could I forget the free billiards and shuffle board??
I liked yards. It was a chill vibe and pretzel was bomb. They have a decent beers to try and it's very Covid friendly- people wear masks when ordering and server has mask and face shield which makes me feel safe. They enforce it amongst their guests when using the bathroom or shop. They have limited seating outside and some heating lamps but the inside is nice since they have the big screen for games.
Awesome place!  The beers are cheap, I recommend a flight for 5 bucks so you can sample a few from their wide variety.  I did not have any food, but the menu looked great and everyone who was eating stopped talking and stared chowing as soon as the plate hit the counter in front of them (always a good sign)

I love the growlers, yes the actual bottle is more expensive than most places but 5 bucks isn't bad at all.  The beers to fill it are very reasonable between 10-15 bucks for a 64oz fill.

Parking is free on the street just be mindful of when you park there.

CANNOT WAIT TO RETURN!
My boyfriend and I visited Yards twice. The first time, there was a folding table set up in a mostly-empty room where the tour guides poured samples for tasting. The beer was excellent: my favorite was the Brawler (an English session ale). I liked it so much that I bought the tshirt! (Which I get compliments on all the time, even from non-beer-loving friends!). 
The second time, we walked in and literally did a double take: were we in the same place? Yup! The brewery now had an incredible bar (which we were told was built from repurposed bowling alley wood), pool tables, and a big-screen TV. The beer was just as good. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the Philly area.
Plus, there's an incredibly cute doggie named Hops (awww!) who lives there.
As a birthday present, my daughter took me to Yards to have a few local brews before going to another event. We started out with the flight of beer which was excellent. Nice progression of seasonal beers including a saison. I highly recommend the Tavern Ale which was very smooth, not too hoppy and quite high on the ABV scale. This is usually served in a smaller glass due to its high alcohol content. I finished the happy hour with the Brawler which was similar to Yuengling in flavor. Easy to down, somewhat carbonated, lower ABV, yet refreshing. 

We learned they'll fill up your growler even if it's not from Yards. Nice marketing. They also sell half kegs and sixtels. I'll be back for the sixtel of Tavern Ale once my current sixtel runs out.
The beer is tasty, the tour is fun, and the environment is welcoming. 

This tour has been extremely popular, so much so that walking into the tasting room on a Saturday afternoon, you would think you have stepped into an extremely popular bar at 10pm later that same nite. There is a wait for tours, multiple bartenders and an audible buzz while waiting for the show to begin. 

The tour is the tour. That is to say, you learn about tasty hops, fermenting alcohol, and yest having sex for days on end. Interesting stuff that is a little above my head. Fortunately, I drank 4 or 5 little cups of the IPA while half-listening and my buzz was all the entertainment I really needed. 

After the tour, my friends and I played a spirited game of shuffleboard. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW FUN SHUFFLEBOARD CAN BE? It's really cool. Pounding Yards, hanging out and enjoying life. 

I havent had the food, though I have been meaning to. But I can tell you, this is a trip worth taking.
A fun place to go when you've got some time to kill.  Also a good place to play shuffleboard and drink some good beer. 

The staff was very friendly and tried to serve us as quickly as they could, but it being a Saturday afternoon, we waited about 30 minutes for our simple hummus plate to arrive.  There are also no servers in the place, and ordering directly from the bar is not the easiest thing to do when it's crowded.  

The tour of the brewery was about 30 minutes, and the guy conducting it was pleasant and seemed very knowledgeable about the brewing process, offering plenty of time to ask questions.

I probably won't go back because there are so many good places like it in that neighborhood, but I'm glad I went.
Going to Yards Brewing Company has been on my to-do list for almost 5 years.  So glad that we finally took some time to get down there.

We arrived around 3 and since there were only two of us, the hostess graciously slipped us into the last tour group which was full.  The tour was hilarious.  I'm usually not one for museums and listening to how things are made but our tour leader had us all dying laughing while still giving an informative tour.  Extra perk- free beer samples on the tour.  The whole operation is really impressive.  Cool to know that something so delicious is brewed locally.

The bar area was extremely chaotic but fun.  There's minimal seating in a pretty open area with glass doors/windows so you can see all the brewing machinery.   Service was great, especially considering how swamped they were.  Don't envy those bartenders.

Prices were really reasonable for beers here.  They had some yards brews that I haven't traditionally seen around the city- Rye IPA specifically and some other version of the Thomas Jefferson Ale.  You can also buy six packs for really cheap and pick up cases if you're in the neighborhood in an express line.

I had a blast here and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun weekend afternoon.  Once you're done you can walk right over to Fishtown and NoLibs to continue the fun.
This place has definitely gone downhill since moving from their Delaware Ave location. Management and staff are very unwelcoming and create a very uninviting environment.
Yards has a great brewery tour, if not one of the best brewery tours in the Philadelphia area.  The guide we had was extremely funny and knowledgable.  He had no problem entertaining our large group.  They gave us plenty of samples and then we used our tickets to get more free beer afterwards, so the cost of the tour is worth it.  You don't have to make a reservation, but you probably should call them if you're coming with a lot of people (since they only do tours on Saturday and Sunday from 12-4).  This place does get busy, but it's a fun atmosphere.  There's still room to move about and the wait to get drinks really isn't all that terrible.  Pick a weekend day, get a designated driver, and put on your drinking boots.
Not only is the tour free and super fun, there's a bar in the brewery with $5 delicious Yards beer. They weren't serving food on the day we were there but there was a food truck right outside and they encouraged people to bring food in. 

My only complaint is, there was only one working stall in the ladies room. Not a good situation!

We'll definitely go back, any time we have friends in town!
You know me.

You put a good beer within my radius and I'm bound to check out the brewery behind it. On a layover, I decided to make the most out of my 8 hours in Philly and trotted over here after checking out Independence Hall. It was early but being on vacation mode never stopped anyone from drinking before noon. I went for the flight and sampled some side pours as well. Their flights are prefixed so you have to pick one of the several items they offer. All options come with a different assortment of pours so the customization isn't possible but you can always order additional half pours. I like the venue. It's big and spacious with a vivid tap and plenty of space for gathering people without being compressed. The beer was really good- it wasn't life-changing but I enjoyed it very much. I'd gladly return on my next trip to Philly. Lord knows I needed several drinks before a long 9 hour flight and they surely delivered.
I absolutely LOVE the new location. Very open space, the staff is friendly and I love the new menu. I was never huge on Yards beers, but they're always pretty solid. They do offer a few things on tap you can't get in bottles, which is what I tend to gravitate towards.

My favorite thing on the menu so far was the mussels, those really blew me away. 

This is a great place to take a large group. There's bench seating and servers will come to you, plus a game room. The brewery tours aren't up and running just yet but they should be soon. Highly recommend.
**  This review focuses on the weekend tour  **

Ambiance:  It kind of feels like a restaurant/bar/pub with really high ceilings (tables to eat, a bar, beer pong table).  It felt cozy-ish within an industrial type building.  The whole place smelled like banana bread (why is that?).  The female bathrooms were okay but the men's bathrooms were pretty dirty and smelled.  The tables don't seem to be cleared off too well (or perhaps it is because as soon as someone stands up, another group snags their table), so you might have to deal with a tabletop that isn't quite clean or dry.

Service:  Everyone who works there was upbeat and very accommodating.  The people up at the front are cheerful and upbeat.  They greet you and give you tokens to await for the next beer tour.  The woman who actually gave the tour was nice enough and tried to provide some insider jokes, but she didn't seem like she really knew everything nor was she a very compelling speaker.  It is very nice that they give you three small tastings of beer (one at the front door and two on the tour) for free.

Provisions:  The sample beers were okay, not cold on account of sitting out - but that was okay with me.  My tourmates and I stayed after the tour for some additional beers, which were good - but it did take quite a lot of waiting at the bar in order to get the drinks.  Whether there was table service or not is unbeknownst to me, so we didn't get anything to eat.

Overall:  The tour was pretty short and since you don't get to see any moving parts, so I probably wouldn't go on it again.  But the experience was a very nice one to have, especially because it is FREE!
I came here for lunch by myself to kill some time before heading to the airport. I sat at the bar which had nice big TVs to look at. The bartender greeted me immediately and gave me a sample of a beer before I committed to a pint. I was disappointed that they didn't have anything really easy drinking (like a wheat, Pilsner, or kolsch) on tap. All the beers were hoppy or dark which isn't what I usually associate with summer. I was impressed with the amount of beers that they had, though. The bartender told me a couple of the food specials that they had - one of which was a roast beef sandwich with white cheddar. That's what I ordered and it came with a side salad. When I got the bill it turned out my lunch was only $6 or $7! So a great deal. The building itself is like a large warehouse but I was really glad they have parking reserved for customers. Great service and an overall nice atmosphere with lots of natural light.
We decided to take a very long walk here from our hotel and it was definitely worth it. Great beers, nice atmosphere but it started pouring (literally sheets of rain) while we were there and we got completely soaked getting to the quite far away subway station . I think Eric has developed a fear of rain from that experience but thankfully it's not a fear of beer :)
A group of five of us went to Yards for a Saturday brewery tour, which is totally free and frequent enough that you can pretty much come in whenever you please Saturdays and Sundays noon to 4pm. Tables can be hard to come by, but wait for a tour to start and you can snag them (on the flipside, good luck finding one at the tour's end).

Our guide was friendly and knowledgeable, and she gave us ample samples along the way. She told us all about the start of the brewery, their equipment, and the beers and showed us pretty much everything from the tanks to the bottling machines. They focus on sustainability in a lot of ways, which is great. Pretty neat stuff.

Afterwards we stayed for a few beers and snacks. They don't do table service so you just order beers or food at the bar. The bison chili was probably the best chili I've ever had, and we also got a tasty ham and swiss sandwich. Other menu items ordered by the table were chips and salsa (which comes with a pineapple-type salsa) and quesadillas, both of which looked good. I'm a sucker for the Brawler, but the Saison and the Tavern Spruce Ale were both great.

OH! And they have rotating specials on cases--$25 for a case of Brawler when we were there. Total steal. This is just a great way to spend a weekend afternoon in Philly.
The biggest and one of (if not THE) best breweries in Philly, setting the bar for great brews and seemingly flawless taproom operation. I love the current venue, but I'm SO stoked for the new, bigger location to open soon. 

There's not a brew I've tried that I didn't like here, and I love the casual vibe of the taproom. It's a great place to toss a few back and chill. Try one of their pre-made flights to get a taste of it all. 

The staff is fantastic, the venue is bright and clean, and the production is nothing short of impressive. Definitely take the tour - informative, funny, high energy. Yards was one of my first brewery adventures when I started really getting into good, craft beer, and it's what it's what I use to compare all other breweries. (Thank god for good beer, amirite?)

Local or visitor, Yards is a Philly "must do."
This is a must on your tour of Philly.  I never knew about them and from what i heard they're not doing the tour in that facility anymore as they were moving.  BUT - definitely try to go when they open their tours up again.  The tour is drunkenly fun and you learn a lot.  

As well as this:  Did you know Yards it the only place you can get beer the way George Washington and Thomas Jefferson brewed it!?  No!!!! OF COURSE NOT!! Using letters and notes GW and TJ had they recreated the recipe they used AND YOU KNOW WHAT?!  Our founding fathers knew how to drink.

I'll be waiting to see if i can get any Yards brews here in NYC.
Walked in and was greeted with a sample, awesome. Took the tour which was interesting and I give mad props to anyone who figured a way to reasonably drink beer at work so props to the tour guide. After we had food which was good and reasonably priced. I had the black bean quesadilla. The beer was fantastic with flights for $5. I left with a 6-pack of the Pink beer. If you live near by or are visiting its not to be missed.
I just realized that I have yet to post a review of YBC.  To start,  my family has been coming here mostly for Sunday funday.   More recently,  however we have stepped up our game.  Yards has grown from a secret little place known only to a few,  to an almost full blown bar.   (There's even been rumors of a 2nd tasting room)

Yards has never disappointed me or friends that I have brought here.   They are so amazing that I actually proposed to my girlfriend here in front of a packed yards crowd.   (She said yes).  

Now to what people really want to know... how's the beer?  Well I can say that their beers are a wide array sure to please every palate.   Their pale ale truly lives up to their "what philly drinks" slogan.   Tavern spruce is absolutely a brew you never knew you were missing.   Honestly I could go on and on,  but you should come here for yourself maybe catch a glimpse of Tom Kehoe, and if not take a tour on Saturday and Sunday.
I was really looking forward to yards' revamped location on Spring Garden. However, I was quickly disappointed when  I saw that the space was no longer a tap room. It is now a restaurant with a substantial fifteen minute wait for draft orders. Now the eight bar tenders are mostly committed to filling orders at restaurant tables. I did not try the food so I can not comment.
Also not that the new space is not bigger. The restaurant is a bit smaller than the Delaware Ave tap room. I can not recommend this location.
Very trendy hangout place. Most of the tables are communal where you share a long bench with other people. You can hangout at the bar or outside. Menu is very short. You can overlook the brewery from a glass door at the back. You can have tours of the brewery. 

Bavarian pretzel: don't get this. It's not Bavarian at all compared to Brauhaus. Very hollow and chewy crust. The mustard is really good though

Green salad: very fresh 

Ahi poke: fresh fish and served with sesame and macadamia which give crunchy texture. I mixed it with my salad to make it poke salad.

Pickled veggies: very fresh, has cucumber, beets, cauliflower, and carrots 

BBQ platter: this is the best meal. Sausage has perfect smoky flavor, brisket is very tender and melts in your mouth. The corn bread is soft and crunchy. The cabbage slaw is good. It's also served with potato salad which a little bit too salty. The serving size is for two people. It comes with short ribs too. 

Service is great. Very friendly staff, food comes out fast.

You can take home some beer and merchandise on your way out.
Cheers to the best brewer in the city and possibly the state.   Stop in their tasting room to fill a growler or just grab some bison chili.  They always have some interesting brews in the tap room, some that you won't find bottled.  A flight is always a good choice considering every beer is guaranteed to be good!
So far from Center City but if you are a beer person you have to make the pilgrimage. I love this place because it is totally a working brewery that has added a nice bar area, with interesting menu selections.  There beer (according to my beer "sommier" or he believes that's what he is) is "very good".  There are several seating areas and even an an air hockey table.

They have a ridiculous amount of Yards logo merchandise- and I don't mean that in a bad way. There are shirts, sweatshirts, glasses, can openers, beanies, caps, you name it- its got the Yards logo on it. My hubby loves this logo so we walked out with a bagful of stuff. 

They only sell their beer, there is no other alcohol served :(

Getting back to center city is a quick 2 block walk to the casino- there is a taxi line right there.
Great beers, tasty food, and a welcoming staff.
Checked out the new Yards Brewery location this weekend and absolutely loved it! The space is a vast improvement from the old location as it is newly renovated and MUCH bigger. While we did have to put our name in for a table in order to sit, the wait was short (about 30 minutes when we were told an hour) and worthwhile.

Once we were seated at a table, we were served by Kaiti who was awesome. She was always attentive to the needs of our group and made sure we had what we needed. She also was willing to split the check 4-ways which was a super nice gesture considering we all arrived at different times!

I did not order any food, but our friends raved over the chicken thigh sandwich. We we're also thrilled by the prices here... $6 will get you a delicious 20 oz. Yard's beer. Overall, a total gem of a brewery. Can't wait to come back!
I took my husband here yesterday for Father's Day and we had a great time. We did the brewery tour which was awesome and very informative. Our tour guy was very knowledgeable and fun and while on the tour, you get to sample beer and at the end of it, we got a yard pint glass as a souvenir.

We ate there afterwards and the food was delish! The tour guy recommended their roast pork sandwich so hubby and I split that and their patty melt. The patty melt was delicious but the roast pork was even better! I certainly know what I'm getting when I go back. In fact, I can't wait to go back already!

Also, it was kid friendly!
Really nice brewery, great tour with pint glass souvenir. All their beers are crisp and have great flavors.  I recommend getting their flights to try different beers to find out your favorite. I am a big fan of the porters.  We got their food and don't really recommend their wings since they are rather small. Their bbq plate was not bad--got their brisket and ribs. Ribs were really good, but brisket was quite fatty. Go for the ribs if you want a bbq plate.
Yards is the perfect place to spend a summer afternoon drinking good beer in the sun (or in their spacious tap room)

Beers are $5 for the most part and can be served in plastic cups if you'd like to take them outside and roam around the immediate property/sit at some picnic tables provided by yards.

On the weekends, they generally have a food truck parked outside for lunch.

And if you've never taken the tour you should! It's a blast and the brewers are interesting people.
