Small, no-frills, and unassuming place that has an assortment of snack and breakfast items on display or made-to-order. I ordered quite a few things, so this will be lengthy.

Green Tea w/ White Chocolate Egg Waffle ($3): It took 10 minutes to cook, but it was worth the wait. The crispy exterior was spot-on, while the interior of each "puff" was warm and fluffy; you could taste the white chocolate in each bite, too. I didn't taste any green tea flavor, but it's still a neat treat to have while walking around.

Rice Noodles w/ Ham, Egg, and Scallions ($2): There's nothing I can really say about this, but for $2, the noodles were simple, filling, and flavorful.

Takoyaki (5pcs/$3.95): The takoyaki batter is made *from scratch* and cooked on an actual takoyaki pan, which I give them major props for. Most of the fusion-Japanese restaurants I've eaten at use pre-made/frozen ones. Taste wise, it was a tad too soft (almost creamy) and too sweet for my liking from all the sauce drizzled on; the octopus chunks were small, but they're there. They're not bad, overall. 'A+' for effort.

Banh Bao/Dai Bao/Combination Big Bun ($1.75/ea): It's "okay," but I probably wouldn't buy it again--the ones here, anyway. The texture of the pork filling was odd, as if it had filler mixed in or the meat was ground a little too long, while the bread was not a soft as I was hoping; it isn't too flavorful either. There is a chunk of egg and sausage in each bun.

Banh Cuon w/ Cha Lua ($2.50): Spot on. There was plenty of pork and wood ear mushrooms in the rolls, while the nuoc mam that came with it had the perfect sweetness.

Banh Gio/Zongzi/Sticky Rice Pyramids ($2.85/ea): Probably one of the better banh gio I've had; the rice alone is flavorful since it soaked up the sauce the chunks of pork were marinated in. It also has mushrooms and peanuts mixed in.

This place is more of a 3.5/5, but with all things considered, Yummy Yummy is a good stop for a quick snack--which is why I rounded up to a 4/5. The owner and staff working the day I was here were friendly.
I return to this place after a four year hiatus. This humble store sells some of the best small breakfast dishes typically found in Hong Kong or Taiwan. From fish ball 魚蛋仔, rice noodle 腸粉 Chinese waffle 雞蛋仔, to Northern Style Tofu 咸 豆花. It is a trip down memory lane for me.
Now THIS is definition cheap eats.   And tasty, too.

Steamed pork bun (cha siu bao) for less than a dollar and didn't skimp on meat.  Will be coming back here for a quick, mega affordable bite (I'm talking less than $5)....eyeing those takoyaki, noodles, and waffles.
The cons: Overpriced, language barrier, and only accepts cash.

I can't say much about the lunch/dinner menu but as far as desserts, I'd avoid this place. Being enticed by the pictures I saw on yelp, I was interested in trying the bubble waffle cone with ice cream. Stopping by when the store opened was not a good idea on my part. It took the owner(?) 15 minutes to get the waffle maker ready to go. Once that was ready, I had asked her that I thought ice cream would come along with it. 

It wasn't until I spoke in mandarin several times until she understood what I was trying to get at. (Hey, it's possible my Mandarin is that bad). She then scooped 2 scoops of ice cream that was from a Breyers tub and said that it would cost 3 extra dollars for a total of 6 dollars (not worth it in my opinion). I'm all for supporting local businesses but when the menu doesn't indicate that ice cream costs extra, the customer is being up-charged.
Decent milk tea for $1.75 and chinese crepes dipped in soy sauce (forget what it was called).

Cheap hole in the wall! 

CASH ONLY!
This hidden gem is one of my new go to places for brunch food, mid day snacks, or even bubble tea!  I recently discovered it while roaming around for new Chinatown restaurants/cafes I haven't tried yet.  

If you love cheap, above average quality, fresh, and fast service, I highly recommend this small hole in the wall cafe! To note, there is essentially no seating except for 4 seats along the wall.  

If you love fresh traditional buns with meat inside, I highly recommend any of their buns, especially the combination bun that is loaded with various meats.  On the counter top, I highly recommend their fried noodles they will have in a glass rectangular dish. For dessert, I highly recommend the green tea white chocolate waffle which makes for a great sweet mid day snack.  I also highly recommend their fresh fruit smoothies - they always use fresh fruit and will tell you if they are out of certain ones if you ask.  Their bubbles are made just right with a extra kick of sweetness and texture that cant be found at Teado or Kungfu Tea.  Only downside is they add alot of bubbles like other bubble tea stores so if you're not into them, I would just stick to the smoothie by itself.  

Will be coming back here soon to try other items on their menu such as their takoyaki!
The time I went was around 6:30 pm on a Friday so they were out of some of the noodle options. But that really didn't matter because of how many other options they had! What really amazed me was how cheap the food was and the quality of it! The customer service here is extremely welcoming and helpful. I ordered the curry fish balls ($1.75), rice noodles with special sauce ($2.00, the sauce is a sweet peanut sauce), thai tea mango tea ($2.75), and green tea and oreo waffle (I think $3.00). So sad this place closes at 7 pm on a Friday! I will definitely come back to try all of their menu options!
I'm a traveler and when I travel, the only two things I like doing is sight seeing and finding hidden gems within the state that I'm in. This right there is definitely one of the many hidden gems in China Town Philly. 

Thank goodness for a friend who recommended this place to me for yummy egg waffles. The first time I tried egg waffles was in Queens, NY and it was fantastic and made my mouth water. Yummy Yummy is the perfect place for a quick snack and especially for egg waffles. They have four different flavors if I can remember correctly. They had strawberry and creme, chocolate, matcha, and regular vanilla. I had the strawberry and creme and matcha egg waffles. They burst with flavor and isn't too sweet and not overwhelming to eat. When you take a bite out of one of them, the flavors just burst in your mouth. Aside from the amazing taste of flavors, the price is reasonable for what you're getting and you get A LOT. 

Since I am a frequent visitor of Philly, better believe I will be coming back here.
When I was around 7 years old I had my first trip to NYC, my mom took me to Chinatown in New York and bought me a Chinese waffle from one of the street vendors. It was warm, it was sweet, it was chewy and it was a cherished childhood memory. 

Yummy yummy is THE true hidden gem in Chinatown. Cheap, quick and truly "yummy yummy". They serve Hong Kong style street food, much like the ones I remember back when I was a young boy. I never knew about this place until my girlfriend showed me and I keep coming back again and again to recapture that childhood memory I had. 

This is a CASH ONLY place and don't be intimated by the menu selection, whatever you're in the mood for: something sweet, something savory or something quick and easy just ask this place has it all and for less than $4!! If not the waffles I like the vegetarian soy sauce noodles, the rice noodles with mixed sauce or the curry fish balls. 

The Chinese waffles, my favorites are the original and green tea without any filling, are great no matter how young or old you are. They're shaped like bubble wrap and easy to tear off and pop in your mouth. No other place has it other than here! Its a snack that's been etched in my mind ever since I was a boy and finally there is a place in my city that serves it up and serves it up well.
This is rapidly becoming my favorite go to spot for eggy-waffles in all of Chinatown, partly because they sell it for just $2.50 and there's only one waffle machine, making the wait seem a little bit more magical and slows down your daily grind. CASH ONLY

Must get: eggy waffles, takoyaki (takes 15 min)
Meh: curry fish balls, pork/veggie buns (beware of the rice paper)
Missed: noodles

When you arrive, it's clear that this little store has something for everything, and it's all within $2-4. My favorite of course, is the eggy-waffles that is made right in front of you with the store's secret batter. The magic of the waffle is not just the fact it's made fresh, but it forces you to take the time and wait patiently as the batter sizzles and forms into hot little balls of magic that's sweet on the tongue, but not overwhelming. It's an amazing snack to devour solo or share with friends. The first time I had it, it was perfection, the second time felt a little less cooked.

Yummy Yummy's next best item is the takoyaki, and I highly recommend eating it while it's still piping hot and inhaling as you eat. I like how the bonito flakes dance around and I was glad that the balls weren't too oversaturated with the mayo-sauce.

Unfortunately, I was not a big fan of the pork buns, despite it's $0.90 price, as there was just not enough filling. The curry fish balls were good and juicy, but a little on the pricier side for just 4.

At the end of the day, the eggy waffle stole the show and I highly recommend visiting this little shop.
The Original Chinese waffle here is delicious. Sweet without syrup.

Ask for Anna or Lynn, they are very nice..

If you are a fan of peaches, lavender & boba, try them in a smoothie..
This smoothie is sweet & absolutely delicious. One of the best smoothies I've  had.
I enjoy this place as it takes me to Hong Kong because of the food choices they have. I remember coming to this place by chance only because I saw that they have Chinese waffles, which I love (and recommend that you visit the lady who sells them in New York on Canal Street). At the time, everything was label in Chinese. Nowadays they have more English labels. 

So Yummy Yummy really does have yummy food for cheap and is great for on the go, you can stop by grab what you want from small to big choices. Nothing fancy, but good enough to eat. Although I would stay away from the smoothies as there are better places like Rising Tide and Teado.

By the way, what's up with places in Chinatown having similar names. There is another Yummy Yummy with much longer name and two Nan Zhou noodle places?
Last week I purchased a bag of flat rice noodles from Yummy Yummy. Upon opening the bag, I discovered a DEAD CENTIPEDE. I can only imagine what the kitchen conditions must be like for this to happen. Eat there at your own risk.
Traditional Cantonese street foods with Taiwanese tea menu! $0.85 for a pork bun you can't find anywhere cheaper! The store is really small so you might not notice when you walked by! There's not too many place in chinese town that sells Egg Waffle! It's perfect for grabbing a quick bite for breakfast or lunch to go! Fried noodles and rice dumplings are the big sellers here.
Simple, quick, and yummy Chinese breakfast. Pretty decent + comparable to NYC Chinatown places. The prices are also very affordable and service was super friendly. The food they serve are mostly dim sum and snack like items - (e.g., rice noodles (cheurn fun), turnip cake, taro cake, fish balls, buns, etc). They also serve hot and cold beverages and bubble tea. I ordered a coffee tea ("yeen yurn") it was yummy! Yummy yummy place!
I always loved Yummy Yummy as a little shop that sells childhood Hong Kong favorites and treats! I believed they are still only accepting cash to keep prices low and quality high. I really just come here for their Hong Kong bubble waffles. They're really good when made well! Before, I felt a little uncomfortable with the language barrier, even though the daughters of the owner can easily speak English. I just kind of felt like a little outcast, but maybe it's because the girls don't necessarily look the most cheery. I mean, even the bakery ladies look a little more sincere than they are sometimes. Nevertheless, I still highly enjoy their food. They have cheap noodles, buns, bubble teas, and they can do ice cream with the waffles! However, it's store bought ice cream, not anything special. But I don't think it matters unless the quality wasn't good. The waffles go extremely well with ice cream together!
I enjoy the environment of this small shop. The people are kind and everything they make is good stuff, like home. Favorite is their milk tea and waffles, but also the food on the shelves.
Seeing this was the day I was driving back and forth from Greyhound to Bolt and Bolt to Greyhound I needed a little pick me up. Now a place called Yummy Yummy would be last  on my mind,  but I am happy I found this spot. This place may seem small, not that big inside but what lured me inside was that sweet smell. They have a menu that is very cheap, with a product that is full of flavors and delights.

First if you like the smell of waffles than open that door and go in.. I ordered  some sesame balls, chocolate ones and also rocked out their green tee flavor.. Gotta say It was amazing! Their waffles are sweet  and popular, and there are soooo many different choices you can't just go with one.

It takes a little time to prepare some of the items they got but it is worth the wait and the ladies try their best to describe what it is.

The next time I go I gotta try their noodles have here, they look tasty as well with a side of radish cake. I hear its also very good and tasty ! Hey you can drop 10 bucks and walk out with a buffet that can feed your block.

Oh yea, I will be going back again !
I've only ever come by for the incredibly cheap & tasty little steamed buns - but they are a little gem, for sure. The women who work there are very sweet and always helpful and kind.

I think my favorite bun is the Pork & Scallion. 

When each bun is $0.85.... you can't go wrong.
Cheap delicious food on the go!!! There was one table for the amount of customers that comes in so your best bet is to go. I was on my way to Europe and had a layover in Philly so I explored for couple of hours. Was craving egg waffle so I looked it up and haul my carry on here. Egg waffle was couple of bucks, very cheap. It was a good snack to have to hold me off between meals. Just like any authentic Asian places, don't expect good service. I was in line and there was one rude customer who comes in, ignored me, and just order. The cashier notice but took her orders anyway because I'm obviously a tourist with my suitcase and I'll never be back. I can give you a bad Yelp review for your service. RUDE!
Aaaaaamazing.   We went for breakfast to get the bubble waffles and they were cooked fresh and just so tasty.   We got the green tea& white chocolate and a toasted coconut & sesame seed one.  
We were so impressed we went back a couple hours later to get some bao buns which were crazy cheap and yummy yummy (haha yes!)
The ball waffle from here is the best waffle you will ever hold in your hand and eat. May be one of the best street foods ever invented. Get the green tea waffle with white chocolate. I would eat one of those every day if i could. Serious YUMMMMMMM.

More here: http://www.iloveporkbun.com/post/357455601/meats-on-sticks-and-ball-waffles
Ooh! I've been searching for egg waffles since I saw the eggloo place in NYC. I'm so happy I found yummy in philly which sells these. They have many different flavors, I couldn't decide which one to try. The owner told me green tea flavor is very popular and he highly recommended it. I am very happy I got them. I even went back to get two extra one to bring to my family to try. This place is cash only, so bring cash!
Cute little place for cheap snack and small meals. They also offer boba drinks but we never got it before. My favorites are the takoyaki and egg waffle made to order. Cash only.
Great spot for cheap eats and on-the-go snacks. I love the scallion pancakes with scrambled egg and either beef or ham -- the perfect breakfast IMO. 

I also like stocking up on Zhong zi (Chinese tamales but with rice) here. I think I prefer the ones here compared to those at Heung Fa Sweet House, my previous go-to. FYI the zhong zi are all placed together but ctually have different fillings. You can tell by the way they're wrapped.
Tried the mango lavender soy milk boba smoothie because they were out of peaches today. It was tasty & you could definitely taste the mango over the lavender. I think since they used their homemade soy milk versus the half & half, it decreased the sweetness of the drink compared to the peach lavender.

All in all, although I found the mango lavender smoothie to be tasty, however I am a die hard fan of the peach lavender. If you really like mango, you will enjoy this smoothie....
Best waffle you'll ever have. These are not your typical waffles. They are small round balls crispy on the outside and doughy in the inside. And they are flavored. Try their green tea and white chocolate waffle. So good! Perfect way to start a morning.
This is the only place that I've found in the Philly Chinatown that has delicious egg waffles (HK based dessert/snack)! They were really inexpensive at $2.50!

They sell other desserts and snack foods that are HK based e.g rolled rice noodles (猪肠粉) and soft tofu pudding (豆花) so it's really convenient. 

They don't have much of a sitting area, just some bar stools so it's nice to come here for a quick snack. They are also cash only but that's pretty much like most places in Chinatown though. Definitely a great find!
Fantastic cheap and large thai ice tea with strawberry popping bubble for $2.75!! 
They apparently ran out of hong kong style waffles!!! So I got the green tea and white chocolate Chinese egg waffle. It was very well done (too well done according to the lady behind the counter who offered to make me another - but i liked it crunchy!) crunchy shell but sufficiently soft and chewy bites, and it broke off nicely for sharing and to eat the little air bubbles individually. 

The you tiao was waaaaaay overfried though. It was too crunchy and oily on the outside and stale texture on the inside. Not a fan.

Big meat buns came presteamed and wrapped in cellophane to be microwaved and eaten at another time or eaten cold. 

Small shop definitely not meant to be wined and dined in - plus at the far edge of chinatown - but accommodating service people who explained their menu options and if you stick to their popular items and teas you cant go wrong.
They have excellent traditional sweet soups (a little pricey, but made very well). Also their rice noodles are super fresh and super good. I haven't tried their teas yet, but this is my new spot for some traditional Chinese goods that are best had fresh.
Due to the Covid-19, I already stay-at-home for almost three months. Ordered online for the snacks. The taste is okay, but the beef brisket dish is too small.
Super cheap and delicious Chinese snacks for a quick bite or for lunch. Lots of options including egg waffles, bubble tea, curry fish balls, and fried noodles. Will definitely come again.
Super duper cheap.  I don't think anywhere else in Chinatown has these classic little waffle bites, and just for $2.50 and up and they make on the spot.  You can mix and match flavors.  For instance, I wanted the green tea one with milk chocolate instead of white chocolate.  No problemo.  They have myriad of bubble tea flavors.  I asked for a red bean one with less sugar.  No problemo again.  Excellent!  The only reason I'm hesitant to try some of the pre-cooked things is I don't know how long things have been sitting there since they're out in room temperature.  No GI bug for me, thank you!  I would have been very tempted to buy one of their ice cream waffles but unfortunately, their seating is limited to one countertop and 3 chairs!  They're more of a carry-out place; that's the one big drawback of this place.  I spoke to the ladies working there directly in Chinese, so I can't attest to how conversant they are in English.  Worst case scenario, point and gesture.
On a rainy day in Philadelphia, I was craving for a snack as I ventured around Philadelphia's little Chinatown. Not wanting to have to sit down and have a full meal, this shop offered a quick snack.

Food: The takoyaki that I ordered, was made fresh on the spot. A little over sauced with mayo, but still good. The center was still soft and gooey from the batter.

Service: Not much interaction was exchanged, upon entering, you tell the lady behind the counter what you want and she gets to work. Upon receiving your order, she rings you up for payment.

Ambiance: the shop is like a little bakery, with several menu items on display for instant pay and go. Along one wall, the store had installed a countertop so that patrons can have a quick bite of their purchase. Above that is the complete menu on a handwritten chalkboard.
This hole in the wall serves the best egg waffles in Chinatown and for cheap; $3 a pop($6 w/ice cream), and in a assortment of delicious flavors. Unlike some other places which try to make them, the waffles here are appropriately crispy, and each 'egg' usually gets a sufficient amount of their fillings, so you have a perfect shareable snack of egg waffles to pop down in both sweet but savory flavors. Their green tea w/white chocolate was so good that we came back two days later and got another waffle, this time sea salt chocolate with caramel. Tasty as well. They also sell cheap bubble tea, baos, and the most random assortment of other Asian snacks, most of which are Chinese but there is some Vietnamese and Japanese influence too. The taste of these ranges from just ok to pretty good, but they do it all for mad cheap. Bowls of noodles, taro cakes, rice rolls, sticky rice, sesame pancakes, dumplings, takoyaki, and more, most of which hover around $2-3 each. So you can grab some savory stuff if you want just before you devour your egg waffles.
This review is ONLY for the bubble tea.  I added a star to be fair since I really did not have anything else here.  It was very disappointing bubble tea as it was made from powder.  And it was not sweet enough :(.  However, the place was very clean and the service was pretty friendly.  Looking forward to trying some of thier other offerings.  

Heard through the grapevine that their waffles are good, so that will probably be my next trip through :).
Love hole in the wall places and especially DELICIOUS/cheap hole in the wall places!

CASH ONLY please though! Because I loved this place so much, I literally would spend at least 25 dollars each time I was here. I loved their curry fish balls, they tasted super "plump" (don't know if that's the word, ha) and juicy, loved their radish cake, their green tea white chocolate "egg waffle", plain chun fan with hoisin and peanut sauce, soy sauce stir fried noodles, duck egg and pork congee and the pork buns! 

MUST TRY if you can make it here, super fresh and the ladies there are also super friendly. Fav. place in Philly besides Tea Do!
Why didn't I know this place makes egg waffles.  "Eggettes" if your from Cali.  We came about 15 minutes before closing and the owners were walking out the door and was locking up.  They nicely re-opened and made us our waffles.  Now that's an example of exemplary customer service.  Kudos to you folks.  We ordered an original and a green tea with white chocolate.  I liked the green tea more than the original.  I can't wait to try the other flavors they offer plus the puddings looked delicious as well.  Their waffles were fluffy, soft, but a bit greasy.  The flavors was yummy!  If your craving for some egg waffles but can't get to NYC chinatown then this is your stop.
Had I known about this place earlier, I would've been coming here all the freaking time before evening classes at the uni.  Seriously, they sell a lot of good Chinese eats here on the cheap, including my beloved Hong Kong egg waffles and scallion pancakes, and the ladies that run this place are mega-sweet. A lot of things are made to order, so be prepared to wait.
Everytbing they sell taste average. The price is cheap. Small little shop. Great for quick eats. But the only reason why I come here is because they sell little unique things all in one shop. I usually get their Hong Kong egg waffles.
The egg waffles are average at best. It comes out pretty ugly though (small pieces everywhere). The one who makes it just shoves the little pieces back in the bag. Also, one of the girls there seems pretty rude because she stared at me after I said thank you and ignored me when I asked for a plastic bag.
The egg waffle (original flavor) has this weird chewy texture inside, and sometimes the batter is still raw. It's unlike what it's supposed to be: cakey and moist inside. It's not cakey at all! Not sure if I'll be coming back here, but I think it may be the only place in Chinatown that sells egg waffles. Maybe I'll give the other flavors a try.
While staying in Philly, my boyfriend and I found that Yummy Yummy serves up Hong Kong style food, street food to be more exact. The shop is small, no seats at all, just a little wall table for you to stand there and eat if needed.

We ordered steamed rice noodles with sweet sauce, curry fishballs, tofu dessert (dou fu fa), green tea egg cakes, soy sauce noodles, milk tea and coffee (be warned that the coffee is actually instant coffee). Although their food isn't as hot as I liked them to be, it's no harm to pop them in the microwave and reheat it for a bit. The food were mediocre, nothing special but we did like the tofu dessert because the syrup was made with ginger, can definitely taste it. A spot I would like to return to when in Philly.
It's a strange feeling going into another city's Chinatown after being accustomed to your own.  You go looking for anything familiar and that's sort of what I was looking for here versus NY Chinatown.

The menu is small yet simple so that doesn't necessarily have to be a bad thing.  

Simply put, the service was solid and the staff was friendly; so plus plus.
The chow fun was pretty good and comes in a generous portion; definitely another plus.

The big fat negative is I'm not a fan of how the plain milk tea is made.  Understandably, the plain milk tea is probably one of their least ordered drinks when it comes to their variety of bubble teas and fruity flavors, it was still incredibly disappointing.  May this serve as a reminder for myself not to order any milk teas here.

Nevertheless, I would still be interested in coming back to have more chow fun for breakfast and maybe try one or two other small dishes.  Fact of the matter is it's an ok place to pop in for a quick breakfast.

Recommendation: Any rice noodle rolls
So good! I was walking past with a friend and we smelled something delicious so we checked every store in the block until we found the source and it was Yummy Yummy which lives up to it's name. We had the oreo waffles and the coconut almond waffles and they were both insanely good. Definitely recommend.
I really tried to like this place. Twice I have been disappointed. The first visit they took my order and made the same order to give to a Chinese speaking customer after me even though I've waited 15 min. Today I waited 10 min. while the women heated up the machine. I was the only customer there. Then a group of 8 came while I waited. I watched them make the waffles only to notice it wasn't what I ordered. I asked how long mine would take and her reply was, "It'll take 10 min." She took the order after mine for 8 people even though I've been waiting. I honestly don't expect good customer service in Chinatown, but this unacceptable.
This place is freakin AMAZING!! The food and drinks were delicious and they were so cheap! I was in Philly for a few days and this was my go to spot, I was here everyday!!
It is becoming increasingly hard to find good authentic Hong Kong style desserts; however, this place comes very close. Their QQ cakes are made just right crunchy on the outside but chewy on the inside. Also we ordered a northern style tofu dish that was very tasty. Food quality was very good and it is cheap for the variety of food you are getting. It is a very small shop and seems like only 1 person runs it so wait time increases if it is busy. Furthermore, shop itself is very small and has only bar style seating for 4 people.  Yummy Yummy is on my go to list if I am in Philly again. 

Atmosphere - B-
Service - B+
Food - B+
I always walked past this place and it never got my attention. Until I heard from a few friends that their waffles are pretty good. 
When you walk in, it could be pretty intimidating as the stuff on the menu wasn't anything I was familiar with. I ordered the chocolate green tea waffles and the lady made it right in front of me, it took about 8 min to make. The waffles were only $2.75 and portions where big. 
It tasted amazing and fresh! It is CASH only . I recommend the flavor waffles than the original.
For cheap trips, make a quick pit stop at Yummy Yummy! They serve Hong Kong style egg waffles that are piping hot and wonderfully chewy. (Slight caveat: the egg waffle are great, but not out of this world...just to set expectations. Their boba milk tea is also delightful, with a hint of brown sugar. Unfortunately, my boba milk tea was not sealed properly and I had to ask the employee to reseal it for me, which she kindly did... but the second lid also gave way in my shopping bag on the way home. Perhaps it is best to consume the boba right then and there in the store to avoid the mess!
Red bean paste bao. 85 cents!
A bao with sweet filling. Great afternoon dessert. I wish I had a cup of hot oolong or green tea!!!

It is the same dough as the vegetarian version, so I would go straight into the red bean paste. 

The red bean paste is sweetened to the right level (one of the great things about the Chinese bakery). The paste has a concentrated bean flavor and texture. The texture is great, because both the dough and the paste retain the shape when you take a bite. You taste the synergy of flavors. 


Vegetarian bao. $1.15.
Right level of saltiness and sesame oil coating of several leafy greens and bamboo shoots. There are no exotic spices to be safe. It offers a nutritious and a taste delight with a variety of texture. A great choice.

It was around 9:45am on Saturday. Raining. The ladies warmed my bun so it would be ready to eat. They felt so warm to my hands..

The bun is delicate and slightly sweet as it should be, but this vegetarian filling is so tasty without being busy on the palate. 
It is seasoned with sesame oil to compensate for the "meatless" void some might feel. Many vegetarian dishes tend to overdo the oil, but this bun is light thus making it great for dieters.

Have a hot daofu hua (slightly sweet version) and your breakfast is ready to charge you for your day of last-minute shopping.
You can smell this place walking up 10th street toward Chinatown, and I mean that in a good way. Their fried cake eggs are poured into a modified waffle maker with little circles in it, not only does it smell good, it looks like fun. It reminds me of the carts in Chinatown NYC that would sell them to passers-by. They had other freshly baked goods for a case of the Chinese munchies. 

Anyway, we picked some pre-packaged red bean balls with sesame seeds (cannot remember the name) and some of the fresh fried cake eggs. For some reason, our two orders completely differed in their texture. My friend's was crunchy and would be able to stand up on its own without drooping--a bad sign. Our order was soft on the inside and upon further inspection, looked a little undercooked. 

Don't get me wrong, the thing tasted pretty good...but the execution was a little off.
Cheap, homey eats. Love the people that work there too. I pretty much love everything on the menu! 

Recommend: green tea white chocolate egg waffle, rice rolls with mixed sauce, takoyaki, all noodles
I got the roast pork with wonton dish with hand drawn noodles. It was delicious and only $6.99. The only thing was that some of the roast pork pieces were dry. 

Also, their dumplings and broccoli are good too. 

I went on a Monday night around 7:30 and I got my food quickly. Good service.
Delicious egg waffle! The original is always pleasing, but the other favors are good as well. The waffles take a bit to make but worth it to eat fresh off the griddle.
Do you smell those waffles? Follow your nose and you will not be disspointed. Chinese waffles are made to order with a choice of original or green tea white chocolate. I absolutely loved the green tea white chocolate, despite me not being a big white chocolate person. They are made to order and served hot. 

Additionally you can get a bunch of dim sum selections made accross the street at Chinatown Noodle Factory. Some highlights: dumplings, chive buns, shrimp rice noodles, and my favorite- pan fried radish cake. 

Also, congee is available for a buck. And last time I was there they had a bucket of phone ornaments that were shaped like food.
Stop by this place because i wanted a snack. I ordered their spring rolls, green tea and white chocolate waffles, and a order of takoyaki. The place is pretty small so don't expect there would be room for you to sit down and eat. Overall the spring rolls and takoyaki were just meh, nothing really amazing but their egg waffles were great. The green tea waffles were not that sweet and the combination of white chocolate and green tea was a good balance of bitter and sweet. If you would to come here, I recommend getting their waffles.
Yummy Yummy stole my heart a few months ago when I was visiting Philly and wanted bubble tea.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much.  There is a sign, some cute decorations in the window, and everything is written in Chinese with an English translation to the right.  

We went inside and immediately noticed the huge selection of teas that they have to offer.  All of the flavors are good.  I tried the almond milk tea for the first time recently and it was amazing, probably since I only keep almond milk in my place so I'm biased.  

Not only is the tea itself great, but they give you a ton of tapioca pearls...Or as I call them: Balls.  I love having ball sucking contests with my just as silly friends.  Because getting 8 balls in your mouth is not something only 12 year olds do anymore!
I've been going to Yummy Yummy for quite a while now and it's such a great little Asian snack shop! Everything is super cheap and most things are quite "yummy yummy!" I've tried the drinks and they always live up to expectations! The regular milk bubble tea is really good and cheap compared to the other more expensive places around the area and my favorite in the summer time is the mango yogurt smoothie with lychee jelly (so so so good! I think it's the yogurt that makes it so good). The fried taro cakes which come in 3 are BIG portions and alwaaaays reliable. Even my mom who is a huge food critique loves them. Tried both the zongzi's (rice+meat wrapped in a leaf) and they're both delicious. Tried the rice noodle rolls + fried shrimp + sauce and it tastes exactly how I get it in Malaysia. PLUS they had the hong kong egg waffles way before it become such a big trend, so I appreciate that. The only thing that I don't like much are the bao zi's...they don't have much flavor, but the saving grace is that they are quite big. They used to close a lot earlier, but now they close at 7pm so I can get a quick and cheap dinner when passing through the city! Would definitely recommend!
For what it is, this place does it well. You can get eggettes (gai dan jai - little balls of cake), zongzi (sweet rice wrapped in banana leaves), rice cakes, and for Chinese New Year, nian gao. Most of the stuff seems to be priced from $1-3. The staff is friendly and has given me a few tasty free samples. While nothing here is particularly healthy, the name "Yummy Yummy House" is a pretty good descriptor. This place specializes in sweets, but sells things you normally wouldn't find at a Chinese bakery.
Hong Kong Egg waffle is good. A but pricy for $2.50 since I could get them from NY for $1. But this is the only place in chinatown that makes these.
Food is decent and incredibly cheap. Perfect place to grab a small, affordable meal. They have a bunch of pre-made goodies for purchase. Since everything was so cheap, I couldn't help but over order. 

I got the fried rice noodles with vegetable, Vietnamese noodle roll, sweet tofu dessert, and a mango passionfruit green tea all for takeout. Still couldn't believe how affordable this place was. 

Fried rice noodles were decent although a bit cold. It wasn't a big deal since I could just pop it in the microwave. For less than $3 you really can't complain. The container might look small, but the lady really packed a lot of noodles in there. As for the Vietnamese noodle rolls, I was sad that they didn't have Vietnamese ham on top like the advertised photo. Maybe they just ran out? Well nonetheless, it was pretty good and for the price it's an amazing value. 

Sweet tofu was delicious and it satisfied my cravings. Sweet tofu is a childhood favorite of mine and it's been years since I've had any. So glad I found a place I can come back to grab some more. As for drinks, their options were a bit more limited. They didn't have oolong tea, but they asked if I liked fruit tea. Their mango passionfruit green tea is pretty good. It's sweet and very refreshing. 

Since I live pretty close, I will be making another visit in the near future to try some of their other promising snacks.
I just swung by here at the end of my lunch break for a sweet pick-me-up. I ordered the original waffle and the jasmine milk tea and I am happy as a clam. They taste wonderful together! The "waffles" are little dough holes that were popped out of a waffle maker. I could see them being a little bland on their own, so when you order them I recommend choosing a  milk tea to pair it with. They do have special waffles as well if you want to make it a little sweeter, but I prefer the simplicity of the original. They also have noodles and other lunch items on their menu that I am excited to try next time.
Their hours are incorrect. Came on a Monday afternoon and they were closed when their hours say closed on Tuesdays. Wasted a trip down here.
Hole in the wall- definite gem type of Chinatown Philly. Very small, but an absolute all time favorite for snacks. The prices for all the items here are extremely cheap. I swing by for QQ waffles (bubble waffles) ranging from $2.50-3.50 depending on the flavors you like. My favorites are strawberry/cream and green tea/chocolate. They also have great fried squid balls and other cheap eats like 90 cent buns
First impression: there are so many things to choose from.

Yummy Yummy offers a few flavors of boba, QQ waffle, steamed buns, takoyaki, rice noodle, fried dough stick (油条), some Chinese pastries, and more that I had to constantly remind myself to only buy what I can eat or drink within two days. I ended up settling for a lavender milk tea with boba, green tea and white chocolate waffle, vegetable steamed bun, and rice noodle with egg. I really liked my boba because it was chewy and I could taste the artificial lavender flavoring that I like. The waffle was especially good when it was still fresh and crispy, although I couldn't taste any green tea there whatsoever. I didn't quite like the steamed bun and rice noodle.

The best thing about this place is that it's affordable. I certainly will go back for more boba when I'm also craving banh mi from Q.T. a few doors down.
Yummy yummy is a great place to stop by for a snack that's cheap. The qq waffles do take a while though, which is the downside. I wish the service for the waffles would be a bit faster. All of the waffle flavors are great, but my favorite would be the green tea white chocolate or the strawberries and cream. 
    The menu written on the wall is really cute which is a plus!
Absolutely love this place!! Such a hidden gem in Chinatown. They offer so much food from $2-6 dollars from snacks to meals. I got these noodles for $2 and the lady recommended that I stir fry them at home with no oil which would taste even better. I followed her recommendation and added an egg !! Their milk tea is also delicious and I got an original waffle. I like a custom one so I ordered it with white chocolate. 

They offer contactless payment as well which is a plus during this time! 

Service was wonderful the two workers that are usually here are so sweet.
Dude when you search for Yummy Yummy on Yelp!, there's at least 4, 2 of which are very close and both in Chinatown, not sure what that's about but they're all Chinese. I kind of wish Chinese restaurants named themselves after random words like American restaurants like to, it'd be so unexpected no one will know what to think of it. 

So okay, back to this review. Sometimes you have a hangover that's like you call up your bestie, who is passed out on your couch or whatever, and you're like let's cruise to dim sum. And you get dressed and try your best to be civil and human-like. Or in my case I wait for The Boy to get ready as I all but refuse to shower, but I'd still put on a jacket to go to dim sum (you guys ever notice how it's always so cold when you're hungover, even when it's hot?) Then sometimes you have a hangover and it's like let's crawl to Yummy Yummy in rags and crawl back into our dark dark caves with our delicious and insanely cheap haul.

Okay so that's this morning. Now I've been to Yummy Yummy before, but only as my "I'm craving turnip cake again" go to, sometimes. I don't even always get turnip cake here, what's wrong with me? Anyway we got curry fish balls, pan fried buns, turnip cake and vegetable stir fried rice noodle, and two drink for $12.75. That's insane. Going to Ting Wong for some porridge and grabbing a drink next door at Tea Do is cheap. This is INSANE. Everything is competently good. And honestly at this price I would otherwise expect to find insect carcasses or some rotten vegetables or something, this is INSANE. A warning though the pan fried buns have a loottttttt of dough, nearly no filling. But you knew that was going to happen, they're 3 for $2 or less for goodness's sake. They are crazy for even putting any meat in there, don't they know how cheap flour and water is?!

Since they make everything, they can be out of things from time to time and the taste is not always consistent (sometimes turnip cakes are Very gingery), but until I find dead insects or rotten things in my food, I'll be back, and I'll try to be back more.
This place knocked my socks off.  They have an amazing selection of bubble smoothies and teas.  I got the dragon fruit, lychee, and strawberry smoothie and it was so good.  You can taste every fruit. Unlike most places, when you order something like strawberry plus an 'exotic' fruit... let's say pomegranate - all you taste is strawberry.  They also sell these pudding cups I'm obsessed with (thin brown bottom layer and  yellow upper layer).
They sell little egg ball waffles here!  In a VARIETY of flavors!  I haven't had them since I was 10.  Brought back lots of memories.

Yummy Yummy definitely lives up to its name.  What a cheap ($2.50) and great find in Chinatown!
Quite possibly my favorite Chinese snack place. 

The rice noodles against the window are always my quick go-to. 

Egg waffles here are delicious and popular. Selling at $4 each.

Got their takoyaki for the first time and no regrets. 6 plump whole pillows of goodness with an outer layer of crisp topped with sweet and savory sauce for $5. The inside has a little piece of octopus and plenty of cabbage. Strongly recommend!

They take venmo!
I went to Yummy Yummy with the intention of getting just a green tea waffle with white chocolate. As you can see from the photos as I arrived everything was so cheap, l just had to try them all. From the noodles which were ~$2 to the bao, less than a buck was absolutely delicious. Honest though, takoyaki could have used more octopus but for $4, not bad! Everything in the photo came to a grand total of $14 and lasted me about 4 meals.
