Ka-Pow

Completely exciting, different, superbly executed non-Americanized Middle Eastern Food.

Swooping into the city of Brotherly Love and getting a strong recommendation to visit Lips and I curiously  reached Zahav almost on time. 
I won't go into the flowery description. Just that this was very enjoyed.
We were greeted warmly at the door. I observed this wasn't just because of possibly being recognized. The staff goes out of their way to work as a team with great sincerity. The place was packed, however the noise level was not a factor.

Listing the Plates:

Hummus with garlic and olive Oil. Excellent, light with the most delectable Israeli Bread.
Yemenite brisket, onions, fresh chickpeas A bit salty, fantastic Brisket Flavor, served HOT! 
Fried salt cod, tasty fresh and moist
Sweetbreads, Too much Breading. Dissapointing
Grilled duck hearts, I know what your thinking, Try this, I have never had this before however this was a treat. The Muscle itself absorbs whatever sauce its cooked with,
Crispy lamb's tongue, good a bit dry, basically tastes like a Lamb Chop.
Merguez ground lamb,Strong Lamb Taste, tender and moist
Hanger steak, Excellent, moist, cook a tad less than Mid Rare.

Dessert was ok, a bit skimpy, coffee could have been served hotter.

Service was close to perfection, well trained, knowledgeable.

If your looking to try something different, go here. 
Total including Lips and Wine 190. Excellent Value.
Let's talk about the awesome experience I had at Zahav last night. 

It may have been Restaurant Week, but it was still business as usual at Zahav. Everything was seamless, from our party of six being seated as soon as everyone arrived, to our service, to the drinks and the food. 

I've dined at Zahav before, but after dining with a group of friends, I can easily say the experience is heightened when you have more to share. Our table was covered with food at all times, but these are the bites I tried for myself: 

-salatim and hummus with laffa (Delicious. I even enjoyed beets and fennel. Impossible!)
-fried cauliflower 
-fried potatoes with shishito peppers
-figs with feta and crispy eggplant
-crispy haloumi
-grape leaves
-kofte (ground beef and lamb meatballs)
-branzino served over rice and tzatziki (Fantastic!)
-chocolate konafi

I would order any and all of these items again. The food was spectacular! My server was also able to suggest a wine that would pair well with everything I ordered (a dry riesling). 

After everything, we were given ten dollars off cards for a future visit to either Zahav or Percy Street Barbecue. I can't wait for my next Zahav tasting. With friends.
Zahav was named best restaurant in America on the night that we dined there. When word came in from the James Beard Foundation, the kitchen, followed by the entire restaurant, erupted in cheers and applause. Champagne for all!

This dinner was months in the making. Due to their popularity, our reservation was made far in advance of when we knew we'd be in the city. From the outside, the place is pretty nondescript. A single, small sign indicated that we were in the right place.

Inside, the restaurant was full and a few people were patiently waiting to be seated. Upon sitting down, the salatim - or small salads - arrived to our table and as we sampled them, we decided on the Taste of Zahav dinner for $48 a person. With that, came 2 mezze dishes, an entree, and a dessert each. We shared everything family style so we ended up tasting nearly the entire menu.

Standout items were the laffa bread, of which we ordered more from their wood burning stove, and the two types of hummus. I had not had Turkish hummus before and I was amazed by the very different flavor profile of the warm dish. The duck hearts, branzino, and beef kabobs were well seasoned and favorites of the table. Some of the vegetarian dishes didn't fare as well, such as the cauliflower which was much too salty and the spring beans which were tossed in an off-putting sauce. The haloumi was uniquely presented with fruit and nut accompaniments but the dish was cold which made the cheese less enjoyable.

For dessert, we tried all of the options - rhubarb and almond sorbet with rice pudding, olive oil cake, chocolate konafi and mint ice cream, and malabi custard with blood orange. What I loved about the desert was that aside from the olive oil cake, which was excellent, I had not had any of those flavor and texture combinations before. This made for an exciting final course.

We had a few service related issues with the incorrect wine arriving to the table and frequent requests for serving utensils. But overall, it was a good meal and I'm glad to have finally experienced Zahav, particularly on such a momentous day for them.
Anybody else love Monty Python?  Fans of this perennial British comedy troupe can easily recite the many skits and ditties that have entertained nerdy young (now middle aged) men for decades.  Well, one of these skits (and a compendium movie by the same name) has John Cleese saying the immortal line, "And now for something...completely different."

Zahav is truly something...completely different.  The dining experience is Middle Eastern, with you and your party passing around plates of Israeli themed goodness.  Where to start?  Oh..the laffa bread.  Baked in a wood oven, this might be the best bread on the planet.  Served with a homemade hummus, I would have been quite content just to eat laffa bread and their hummus all night.  Yes, it is that good.

Appetizers were an assortment of beets, fried cauliflower, crispy brussel sprouts, carrots, and sweet potato all served up with a mix of spices, including mint and all spice that will put your tastebuds in sensory overload.

The entrees we enjoyed were the lamb kofte (also the best interpretation of lamb I've ever eaten), the chicken shislik with a delicious smokey taste, and the ribeye steak which unfortunately was chewy and a bit bland and thus robbed Zahav from what could've been a five star slam.  Service was great, but parking down at St. James Place is a bit of a challenge.

Zahav treated this knight who sez Ni to something completely different.  My tastebuds experienced a holy hand grenade of pizzazz, and I was able to conquer my fear of Middle Eastern dining with the lamb entree that was savory enough to satisfy my inner lumberjack.  

So, do your best silly walk over to Zahav.  Bring some friends, enjoy the communal dining experience, but whatever you do...don't eat TOO much.  You don't want to explode.
Had I eaten at Zahav in my childhood, I would have been a vegetarian by now... 

Seriously, all you parents who have trouble convincing your kids to eat vegetables, take them to Zahav to help them understand why vegetables are good for them. Regulars at the restaurant would find this assertion ironic at many levels: for one you won't find too many kids at Zahav (not necessarily a bad thing for diners); for another: Zahav is not a vegetarian restaurant. Far from it...

For a restaurant known for the brilliance of their lamb dishes, you can't miss the magic in their vegetarian fare. If you get the tasting menu, your meal will start with half a dozen ramekins filled with vegetables like spiced carrots, twice cooked eggplant, cucumbers and tomatoes, beets - as the four most memorable, along-with a couple of others including string beans, quinoa, etc. This will be followed by a course involving exceptionally silky Hummus served with perfectly baked, warm house-made Laffa pita bread dusted with Za'atar. While the traditional Hummus with Tehina (Sesame paste, garlic, lemon, olive oil, cumin, parsley) is finger licking good, not far behind is the Masbacha (with warm chickpeas). Yet, the most creative version is the Turkish Hummus with butter and garlic - served warm. As all of this would have been served before you've had your two mezze, grilled dish, and dessert, you might think at this stage that this is too much food - but when the dishes start arriving on the table your willpower will coax you into not letting your taste buds miss out on any single flavor or texture.

Frankly, the combinations of flavors and textures unleash a sensory onslaught that is dizzying. One moment I was savoring complimentary cauliflower hearts with spicy sour cherries and harissa while a few minutes later I was biting into warm challah bread (topped with house smoked sable) that oozes egg yolk as you slice it. Once I had tasted the Pastilla (Moroccan dish spelled here with a P) with crisp, phyllo-crusted spiced chicken, apricot, and almond, I burst out laughing at how ridiculously, insanely consistent the exceptional execution is. This was followed by stunned silence as the grilled Lamb Merguez too was perfectly spiced - with carrot puree complementing the spice, not dumbing it down - while the English peas add a different texture and the harissa yet another element of heat. Zahav pairs ingredients soooo well that I don't believe I have ever appreciated the creative pairing at the same level. What sold me completely was the use of black lentils in the grilled eggplant with garlic Tehina and Harissa - for these are the same lentils that Indians prefer to soak, nay drown, in butter to extract more flavor out of them. Zahav makes them memorable as a counterfoil. The desserts are exceptional as well. I've literally swooned over the Almond Chocolate Cake (with Almond Baklava and frozen almond milk) and the Tehina SemiFreddo (Tehina cookies, dark chocolate and Passionfruit).

So, how good is Zahav? Honestly, Zahav is worth the trip to Philly itself. I've enjoyed a 5 star meal here with not a single wrong/off note at less than a fourth of the price I'd pay for similar sensory stimulation at a top tier restaurant in the city. Seriously the tasting menu with a drink after taxes and tip will dent your wallet less than $ 65... and you would have had the best Middle Eastern meal you can recall, and one of the best meals of your life. Again, how good do I find Zahav? I have taken the 11 pm train back to NYC on multiple occasions just to fit in a meal at Zahav after an exhausting work day in Philly. I took time out from my 10 year reunion to eat a meal here. Zahav is the rare place where I found a "fusion" dish to transcend the original one. In fact, it's the rarest of all places where the 5 star meal I had 5 years later was even better than the 5 star one I had years back... In South Asia after a virtuoso performance by the artist, people go up to him/her to kiss the hand as a sign of respect and admiration of the craft. This emotionally constipated person raised to have the reserve of a character in a Jane Austen novel debated doing the same. Yes. Zahav is that good. I've never been more certain of any restaurant...ever. True to its name, Zahav is gold - and has my heart.
Without a doubt, the best restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is unique and incredible and the service is top-notch. Somehow, the prices are reasonable too. If you can only go to one restaurant in Philadelphia, make it this one.
Chefs, friends, yelpers, food writer acquaintances, cousins, clowns...all of them have been telling me for years that I need to eat a meal at Zahav, as it is ostensibly the best restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Granted, that is a fairly low bar (seeing as how this is just a sad little town* filled with Phillies fans and worse, Eagles fans), but Zahav easily met and obliterated the outsized expectations. 

There were eight of us, and we decided to spring for the Taste of Zahav. With 16 mezze and 8 al ha'esh (skewers) to choose from, we quite literally ate everything the menu had to offer, and a few things that it didn't.** And I loved every single bite.

From the colorful and gorgeous Salatim plates (think the Israeli version of banchan) through the surprisingly fantastic and varied desserts, Zahav maintains a level of quality that is astonishing. I'm not going to lead you through each item, but just call out a few of my favorite things:

1. The warm, Turkish hummus paired with their impossibly fluffy laffa was the best of the hummus. Not just their hummus. I mean it is the best of all the hummuses (hummusi?) in the world. 

2. The fried cauliflower is as good as any vegetable has any right to be.

3. Anything where beets is involved. 

4. Of course, the grilled haloumi. As with all haloumi, eat it quickly. And rejoice.

5. The wine pairing. Not just perfect pairings, but an incredible value as well. I would certainly choose this over cocktails on a return trip. 

6. The sirloin shishlik. It will make a believer out of vegetarians, and it will make the meal for anyone hesitant about eating things they've never heard of (it's a steak skewer, people).

7. The lamb tartare in lettuce wraps is ridiculous. Order this. 

Speaking of lamb tartare, Zahav has an uncanny ability to take dishes that may sound unappetizing to your average diner, and turn your preconceived notions on your head. Duck hearts, lamb tongue...even if you're a little hesitant, give them a shot and you'll realize that this kitchen could make anything taste delicious.

And therein lies my only issue with the meal I had at Zahav: I wanted to taste everything, and everything tasted fantastic.

I realize that this doesn't sound like a problem, but prior to our meal, we spent the balance of the day drinking and eating (as usual). However, the Taste of Zahav is surprisingly affordable, so we assumed that it wouldn't be too large a meal and that we could handle it. This was a serious miscalculation. By the time dessert rolled around, I was simultaneously doing my best to take at least one bite of everything, and also trying not to die. My stomach just quit on me.

About twelve hours after we ate dessert, I finally felt like I could take another bite of food. And please believe that the first thing I did that morning was pull our leftovers out of the hotel fridge and desperately inhale them them with a pair of coffee stirrer chopsticks. 

What I'm trying to say is that this was one of the best meals I've had in recent memory. 
____________

*Just kidding, everyone in Philly except Eagles fans.
**The incredibly hospitable staff knew we were celebrating, and brought us a few dishes on the house.
Spent a weekend in Philly, so of course, we wanted to try what was deemed the "best restaurant in Philadelphia". 

I've had a taste of Chef Michael Solomonov's food before in the Amex lounge at the Philly airport. It was probably some of the best airport food I've ever had, so of course, naturally, going to Zahav made sense. 

About a month before our trip, we tried to make reservations - and of course it was fully booked. So my next step was to call the Amex concierge and try to sneak my way in that way. Let me just say, for as awesome as the Amex concierge is, there was no space that way either. She told me the particular night I wanted to go had a waiting list of 400+ people. So wow, just wow. This place is POPULAR. So if you plan on coming - do make reservations in advance. 

Or.....you could do what we ended up doing! Zahav opens promptly daily at 5PM, but not every table is taken by a reservation. If you walk in before 5PM, you have a chance to sit at the bar or the "chef's table" and dine there. I recommend getting there earlier than 5PM because a line did form for these spots. We got there at roughly 4:30PM and there were already around 10 people in front of us. 

We ended up going with the chef's choice simply because that was the only way to get a taste of the lamb. And obviously, if you look on yelp for even a few seconds, the lamb is one of the top things that pops up. 

Chef's choice:
-Salatim: A mix of different little plates that are considered "salads". I wouldn't consider them salad in the traditional sense, but these little plates were nice. Wasn't a fan of everything but we did consume it all. I was a big fan of the beets, in particular.
-Hummus w/ bread: Wow. This was probably one of the best hummus dishes I've ever tried before. It was just so creamy and the bread was perfect to go with it. Crispy and a little burnt but full of flavor. 

Mezze:
I'm going to be honest here, I don't remember the exact names of the dishes we had for this course. I remember some fried cauliflower, some sort of puff pastry item with cheese, but nothing that really stood out to me to be memorable enough. We did trade some items we had with a couple next to us (we chitchatted a bit waiting in line outside), which was cool and gave us a taste of other dishes. Everything was good - just not enough for me to remember.

Roasted Lamb Shoulder - this is the dish though. The one you come here for, it's glorious. Fall off the bone with little bits of pomegranate to give it a bit of sweetness and curb some of the fat. This was delicious and just plain out awesome. I could probably eat this dish forever. 

Dessert: 
-Some sort of panna cotta dish - was awesome, I do love panna cotta. We were so full I didn't even remember to try to take a photo before consuming. 
-Ice Cream with pistachios - also delicious.

Overall, Zahav was a great experience to try. If reservations and getting in was easier, I'd probably find myself back here again.
Give me your, give me your, give me your attention Yelpers!
I gotta tell you a little something about Zahav!
Jessica was such a great waitress, all the busboys awesome helpers!
Great service added to this upscale Israeli tapas love...

Oh-whoa-ah-oh-ah-oh
The salatim six-salad appetizer was fine so fine (fine so fine)
Oh-whoa-ah-oh-ah-oh
The hummus was so tasty I wanted all to be mine oh mine (mine oh mine)

Treasure,
That is what you are
Zahav, you deserve all of those five stars
You made my Philly foodie dreams come true
Zahav, I did treasure you
Zahav, I did treasure you
oh oh

Best chicken, best chicken, best chicken I've had in a decade
pickled cabbage, chermoula sauce on a bed of SUPER FREEKEH
Laffa was more delicious when the bread without zaatar gave
Heirloom tomato salad with ricotta more did I seek-eh

Oh-whoa-ah-oh-ah-oh
Without the harissa the eggplant with tahini was fine so fine (fine so fine)
Oh-whoa-ah-oh-ah-oh
I wanted the hazelnut zucchini to be mine oh mine (mine oh mine) (after I took off the feta)

Treasure,
That is what you are
Zahav, you deserve all of those five stars
You made my Philly foodie dreams come true
Zahav, I did treasure you
Zahav, I did treasure you
oh oh

pickled beet mash was a treasure
fresh tabouleh was a treasure
free amuse bouche was a treasure
ooh-ooh-ooh
roasted eggplant dip a treasure
cucumber salad was a treasure
Brian's front of the house managing was a treasure
ooh-ooh-ooh

Treasure,
That is what you are
Zahav, you deserve all of those five stars
You made my Philly foodie dreams come true
Zahav, I did treasure you
Zahav, I did treasure you
oh oh

(sorry no grunge tune)
This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The Happy hour is the best in the city. I almost don't want to mention it to keep people away. Half priced hummus and cocktails. Soo awesome. The turkish coffee is amazing. The whole dining experience is nice. Servers, bartenders and cooks are awesome. I eat here atleast once a week. Theres no better middle eastern food in Philly. Just go and experience it for yourself
What's to say that hasn't already been said?

One of the best meals in recent memory. Lot's of vegetarian choices for my wife. The type of eating that we like to do... sample a large variety of plates. Great drinks, desserts, and the best company. Service was fantastic and attentive.

The food was amazing. Ripping bread apart with your hands and picking up bits of hummus and pickles is right up our alley. By the time we got to the Al Ha'esh course in the tasting menu, we were already full. But we powered through amazing lamb, fish, and steak. Then we sampled all of the desserts. Great and interesting choices of flavors.

If you go as a party of four, and you choose the "Taste of Zahav" tasting menu, you can almost have the entire menu in one sitting.

I have tried on numerous occasion to get a weekend reservation to Zahav with no avail. Counting the days to when the girls would be visiting, I put a calendar reminder to make a reservation a couple of months in advance and it worked. Later slot than we would have originally wanted, but willing to drive the hour plus to get here.

A friend who had just eaten here the week prior gave me tips for parking. We opted for the discount valet across the street at the Marriott Old City (formerly Sheraton).

The family loved the meal so much, we're already plotting to come back in the winter.
I used to wonder what happy feelings tasted like until i had food at zahav. I dont even know where to begin so i will start with the award winning 36 hour roasted lamb cooked in what i call beyond perfection. 

Let's start with the preparation: marinated in a pomegranate molasses for 12 hours....I could end this whole review there. Ok...after marinating its slow cooked for another 12 hours, marinated in more herbs and spices, THEN seared to a nice crispness on top and hit with the pomegranate sauce again. 
Words can't describe what raced through my mind when i took that first tender bite into the lamb..That bite made me want ro succeed more in life so i could eat like that more often.
The portion sizes were just right, but as a heads up, if you order the Taste of Zahav witg the wine pairing, make sure you have a big appetite that day. Also get there early for the lamb before 8pm because once it runs out for the night you're outta luck and its a popular dish. Cant wait to go back!
I hated that I needed to wake up at midnight to score a table at a decent time 45 days in advance, but I guess that's the price to pay to eat at one of Philly's best restaurants.  

My husband and I dined here with our two toddlers and the staff was so kind and accommodating.  If a toy fell from the table, one of the staff had already swooped in and picked it up before I could get to it.  

The space is beautiful and the music is fun.  The food is carefully prepared, beautifully plated, and fun to eat. My favorite was the halloumi, because seriously who doesn't love halloumi??   Everything we tried was delicious, including the dessert.
I've heard so many great things about this restaurant but just recently visited for the first time and it completely exceeded my expectations! First, I love the heated yurts. They're cozy and provide wonderful ambiance. The food was phenomenal. It was beyond plentiful and each dish was incredibly flavorful. I also added the beverage pairing and enjoyed each wine that was served although the desert wine was a bit too sweet for my palette (and I typically enjoy sweeter wines). The service was impeccable. I had such a great time dining with my friends that I immediately booked another reservation so I could bring my brother & partner. They're booking at least a month in advance, but totally worth the wait! My second experience was just as exceptional. The mint lemonade was incredibly refreshing and some of my favorite dishes were the warm hummus, sweet potatoes (the sauce is everything), lamb shoulder and tomato stew. I appreciate the safety measures being taken including sanitizing and temperature checks. If you're contemplating visiting this restaurant, do so immediately!
I have been trying to go to Zahav for over a year. I was SO excited to find yet another amazing place to eat in Philly and WOW I did not expect the experience we had.

You know how sometimes the service at a restaurant is so poor that it ruins the entire experience AND somehow personally offends you? No? Probably because that NEVER happens! Food is ALWAYS more important than service...right fellow yelpers? This was the WORST service I have experienced at a restaurant...EVER. Hands down.

I came with a group of 8 professionals during a conference downtown. Our server (Ben - note to AVOID) was our waiter. He started the night by asking for drink orders. Some people had missed lunch and wanted to get some app orders in so I asked for 3 large hummus for the table. He said "You don't understand the hummus area on the menu. It's complicated. You have to wait until I get back with the drinks." Oddly controlling.

He came back and did a long menu monologue then finally took our hummus order (which hadn't changed after his speech). Everyone ordered a few drinks but one person wasn't drinking. He pushed and pushed so much that it was noticeably making her uncomfortable....so we counted....he asked her 8 times total if she was "sure" she wasn't drinking.

Someone asked for him to take a picture while he gave out the dessert menus. He responded "Pictures are usually taken after dessert" and walked away.

We asked for our check to be split between multiple credit cards. He responded "I will do this for you but if you had any other waiter, he would yell at you!"   Yell at you? Hrmmm...

I'm not quite sure what warranted this consistency rude and condescending behavior but it was appalling. We were treated like school children the entire night.

Rarely is decent food ruined by service but it was. A night I sadly won't forget.

PS The hummus was amazing but the other tapas were forgettable...or maybe I was too distracted by our waiter.
Seriously over-hyped!

Perhaps I should give Zahav 3 stars, but with the overly-complementary buzz the place gets, 2 stars will perhaps offset things better.

I get that the concept is Middle Eastern/Israeli tapas, a evening of small plates. Ok fine. I love tapas. I have no problem with small portions that allow you a wider taste of the menu, indeed I love the approach. And although a happy omnivore, I dig the vegan-friendly menu. 

Tasty? Overall, yes. Although one dish, essentially a chicken-paste egg roll ala Tel Aviv, was probably the most distasteful thing I've been served in a long, long time. Overall was the food mind-blowing? Not in the least.

Here's my main problem with Zahav. Value. We (a party of 4) ordered (amongst other things) the large Salatim, a daily selection of eight salads, at something like $40. It came on a overly-grand multi-tiered, multi-armed serving pedestal reminiscent of my mother's amateurish holiday crudîtes. Each arm carried a small (and I do mean small) dish containing a small salad. Were there some marvelous proteins incorporated into these salads? No. Each was composed of perhaps 25 cents worth of spiced, shredded vegetable (think cucumber, eggplant, carrot, etc.) There was only enough of each salad for each of us (4) to have a small forkful, no more.

The same was true for many of the other plates we ordered (some 12+ in total) One tasty cauliflower dish, at $9, had six small florets, artfully displayed on the plate-to be sure. The server made a huge production of inquiring if we desired more pita bread, then brought one pita for the four of us!

While the atmosphere is nice, Zahav is incredibly loud. The patrons, bar traffic and semi-open kitchen combined to create a draining din. The servers (several and ever-changing) seemed largely disinterested.

Again, I might have given Zahav 3 stars, but felt 2 stars offsets the overzealous 5 stars that people seem to give this place.
Last night, I dreamt I went to a crazy, no-holds-barred, Jersey shore-themed party... only it took place in one of Philly's classiest, most heralded restaurants, Zahav. The large, bright space was cleared of its tables, and all of the staff members were transported from a late 80s Def Leppard concert, with big hair and stonewashed denim as far as the eye could see. When I glanced into the open kitchen area, I almost pinched myself (but didn't because then I would have had to wake up). There stood some of Philadelphia's most notorious chefs, elbow to elbow, preparing delicious renditions of Jersey shore staples such as juicy hamburgers, spicy pizza turnovers, garlicky fried clams and savory crab boils. To wash it all down? Miller Lite and Miller High Life pounders, sold straight out of a wheeled ice bucket, natch. The pièce de résistance? A Journey cover band that also dedicated plenty of play time to Jersey boys Jon Bon Jovi and Bruuuuuuce. 

This morning, after turning off the alarm and sleepily sitting up in bed, I noticed the blue stamp on my hand. The epic party from my dreams was real!!!
Zahav is certainly a magnificent dining experience for any foodie. From the elegant and romantic ambiance, the distinctively pleasing menu options, and their professional and courteous waitstaff - everything made our dinner here enjoyable. 

Unfortunately, I think we may have over psyched ourselves for this one because we found the food was only mediocre. We decided on the Tayim ($45 pp), which is the ideal way to get a taste of everything (and leave with a very full stomach!). The only thing I truly loved was the Haloumi (cheese lovers, this is a must!) and the laffa (SO good!). 

We got the Turkish hummus to try something different, but it was too buttery for my tastebuds. Completely our fault though, our waitress was very descriptive and did an extraordinary job describing everything on the menu; she told us most people stick to the classic Tehina hummus, but we decided to be rebels. Fail. I found mostly everything else good, but not remarkable. 

Now let's talk dessert. First, we tried the Lemon Poppy Cake - life was made. The distinct flavors were exceptional. From the sweet strawberries to the savory cake, it was purely phenomenal. THEN, we took a bite into the Coffee Custard andddd... we traveled to paradise. Oh my, oh my... it had the ideal soft to crunchy ratio with an immaculately semi sweet and salty taste... perfection on a plate! No matter how full you are, you cannot, I repeat, CANNOT come here and not order dessert!

We made this reservation almost 3 months in advance for a Friday night because tables are so difficult to come by. Tip - if you don't see your time available on OpenTable, call the restaurant and double check because I didn't see availability online, but got a table via phone call.
How to do Zahav right: pace yourself, and don't be afraid to ask the waitress to give you a to go box early on...

This is the most talked-about restaurant in Philadelphia. People are always asking if you live in Philly have you tried Zahav yet? It won the 2019 James Beard award for Outstanding Restaurant. 

I finally was able to get a reservation to surprise my boyfriend for our anniversary! 

**Tips on getting a reservation: 
- they open up reservations for NEXT month the first day of the current month at 11AM 
- if you want weekend booking at prime time (7-9pm), you have to book exactly at 11AM 
- weekday reservations you can book the first 5 min but prime time might be gone fast
- at 11:10AM basically most reservations are booked 
- didn't get a spot? you can sign up for reminders for the time/date you want, there are always cancellations throughout the month 
- if you're visiting and eating by yourself, you might be able to do a walk in for the bar seating areas 

Okay now for the food... you get everything on the menu - the only thing you need to decide between is the main entree (lamb shoulder vs vegetarian entree). The Salatim - pickled vegetables were all amazing and so was the hummus with pita. We devoured everything from the first course. By the time we finished the Mezze, I was already full. I only took a couple bite of the famous lamb shoulder entree and wasn't even impressed because I was so full. We couldn't finish any of the Al Ha'esh either so we got most of it to go. The Persian crispy rice was so delicious - might actually be my favorite item here. If you have small appetite I highly suggest asking for the to go box super early in the courses ... don't feel awkward to do so - it is ALOT of food. 

This is definitely a wonderful experience but I won't say it's the best restaurant I've eaten at. It was an interesting pair of ingredients but because I'm not used to the spices, my stomach did felt a bit uneasy afterwards. I also made the mistake of stuffing myself with too much food. We took enough food to go that it was another meal for two. 

Inside is not romantic at all! The set up feels more like a bar than an upscale restaurant. You can see through the clear panels the kitchen area where they prepare food - sometimes it feels rather hectic if you're seating facing that direction. They also played the most random music selection: top 50 pop. 

I would say it's definitely worth trying this place at least once! However, if you're not adventurous with your food, you might not enjoy the unique pairings as much. 

*Parking: This place has no designated parking lot but there are plenty of street parking spots nearby
6 years later, and I was able to visit again.  The food is unbelievably delicious.  The service still blows.  It's incredible because no matter how good the food is.  The staff there just don't care.  

Reminds me of Genos or Pats.  Your going to eat there any way because the food is great.  And the staff will act however they want.
I'm crushed. I have been waiting for two years to eat here. Two month wait to get the reservation. So my expectations were probably too high. Everything was good but this isn't a life changing experience. And I was so hoping it would be. We arrive when the restaurant opened and I want to wash up. So the bathroom was just not clean not dirty but you know what I mean. They just opened!! And it's stupid to complain but the sign to wash your hands was broken and titling. I'm feeling petty but this is supposed to be the best restaurant in the city. I must say the service was excellent if not a little too cool, like chili but totally professional. Lots of well informed people who know how to take care of you. So the food. Got the salad mix, pretty authentic Israeli food all well prepared and six different salads. Got the warm Turkish hummus. It was first rate and they serve it with hot from the oven pita with Zatar spice! The fried Cauliflower was not hot and was very disappointing. The tuna raw wraps around potatoes was very good and we got the chicken skewer. 1 chicken thigh cut into pieces grilled. It was good but $14. Who does the food cost. It couldn't cost a buck to plate . The Tuna for $10 was very fair. The best item was sent out by the chef . It was grilled grape leaves. Just amazing. The Turkish coffee was good and the almond cake was poorly plated but tasted good. 
The space is arresting. The music was nuts. High and low between and during songs. It was so loud at points It was painful. But it seemed to moderate. The tables are beautiful but gross. They have open spaces between the slates on the table top and they wipe the tables down so I know it's gross between those spaces. Drinks look great and the bar is spacious. Some very interesting Israeli wines! So some of it was great and some not so great, but it wasn't close to meeting my expectations. Great restaurants own attention to detail. This is all show but it just a thin veneer. I told my wife on the way out "Hamilton will be a disappointment "!
I don't know what it says about me, but scoring a reservation here left me with a HUGE sense of accomplishment.  You see, it took days of obsessively checking Opentable. Then again, my stalking skills have always been unparalleled, something am sure my ex would corroborate.  Jk. 'Cause all jokes aside, it's not every day a girl has to exert such Herculean efforts just to land a table at a restaurant.  The question is was it worth it?

Well, if the meal had begun and ended with Hummus, I think I'd actually respond in the affirmative to this.  But alas, it didn't.  And so it goes:

So yeah...  The Hummus here is every bit as ethereally creamy and velvety as people say.  We tried all three on offer during our visit, including Classic with Tehina, a Special topped with Roasted Grapes, and Turkish.  The latter, served warm, and enriched with melted butter, was my favorite. But all were delicious!  

Next up were the Salatim, aka assortment of six small Salads. They were all either pickled or cooked.  "There are no fresh, raw vegetables," noted hubby. "Where are the cucumbers and tomatoes?  Where is the lemon to add brightness?"  While I get that this isn't a literal interpretation of Israeli cuisine, I cannot deny that hubby makes a very valid point.  These missing ingredients are staples in every Israeli household, so it's honestly surprising they didn't inspire a 'Salat' or two among the selection we received.  

Since hubby, kid, and I were doing the Tayim Tasting Menu, which entitles you to two Mezze each, we were able to try six out of the eight that were featured that night.  Honestly, only one was even remotely worthy of all the hype this place receives: The lush Smoked Sable with Challah and runny Egg.  Beautiful stuff that paid delicious homage to Israel's Eastern European culinary roots.  Everything else ranged from forgettable to downright disappointing.  I was especially looking forward to trying the Kibbeh Naya, but this traditional ground raw lamb dish tasted muddled thanks to heavy handed seasoning and the overpowering earthy flavor of beets.  We also tried Duck Hearts, which arrived cold.  Am not sure if that was intentional, but I wasn't into these.  At all.  Oh yeah, the famous Fried Cauliflower? My MIL made a version of this for hubby when he was growing up, as do many Israeli Mamas...  And well, these crisp-exteriored, flash-fried, ulitmately bland florets, about six to an order, didn't seem all that elevated to me.  Roasted Rhubarb and Fluke Crudo were fine, but not special.

Next up were our Al Ha'esh picks. I enjoyed my Branzino, which boasted gorgeously crisp skin.  The kid, who much to his Mama's chagrin, could usually care less when it comes to food, practically swooned over his Hanger Steak.  But hubby's Shishlik, aka skewered cubes of Chicken Thighs, was salty AF.  

And finally, dessert:  By this point, I was ready to explode, so my memory of this course is dubious.  But the Malabi I went with was a really nice riff on this popular Middle Eastern custard. The kid only offered me a tiny bite of his Chocolate Olive Oil Cake and I appreciated how moist and deeply chocolaty it was.  The only clunker, once again, was hubby's choice, Konafi.  It was cloyingly sweet.  

Actually, one more thing:  LOVED the Limonana Cocktail, which had a faintly perfumey flavor the server informed me was Lemon Verbena.

Speaking of our server, she was professional, patient and friendly. As the restaurant filled up, she understandably seemed more frazzled and there were some lags with the pacing of our courses, but nothing major.  Also appreciated that the Chef sent out a 'freebie' Leek dish for us to try.  Indeed. From his vantage point, hubby observed Solomonov at the expediting window, checking all the dishes that went out.  Really respect that he is still so present.  

Other Random Thoughts:  Aside from a huge overhead image of Jerusalem's Machane Yehuda, I wasn't quite getting the vibe this place is going for.  As others have mentioned, the music is random. And loud. But I think it adds a certain frenetic energy that makes this restaurant feel alive.  I *sort of* liked it.  And fwiw, we showed up for our hideously early 5pm reservation looking like schleppy tourists and did not feel under-dressed, so this spot is blessedly casual.  Also fwiw, if you do a tasting menu, be prepared to commit at least two hours for your meal and then collapse into a total food coma.  Don't say I didn't warn you.

Bottom line: In spite of the stumbles, this was four stars for me.  But barely, and only 'cause I know I'd be willing to return.  Though next time I'd go the a la carte route.  I'd stuff my face with Hummus, skip the Salatim altogether, order the Mezze and Al Ha'esh items very judiciously and share a single dessert.

ps Hubby was bummed not to see a housemade hot sauce, inspired by, say Zhoug or Harissa, on the table. Just sayin'.
Such a great choice for Restaurant Week! They keep the menu largely the same so it's a better value for RW. Even though they are tapas you will be STUFFED before you even get to dessert.

Salatim (salads tray) was packed with flavor. Every vegetable my friend and I usually would not care for were turned absolutely delicious! 

Hummus and laffa was SO good - eat it while it's warm!

I really enjoyed the Potato Latke - the saltiness of the salmon flavor made for the perfect combination.

I had no idea cauliflower could have so much flavor until we tried the Fried Cauliflower - you must try this dish!

We got the Grilled Duck Hearts to be adventurous but not sure I would get this again. The duck hearts were very chewy and not that flavorful. 

Jerusalem Kugel was slightly dry, I couldn't taste the cherries much.

Hanger Steak was slightly tough. LOVED the Kofte though. Came in the form of meatballs and they were so tender and flavorful. 

The Basboosa dessert was okay, but I really enjoyed the combination of textures in the Kataifi. The chocolate is hidden inside the kataifi dough which if you've never had it looks like thin crunchy noodles.

Overall, Zahav was wonderful! Service was really friendly too and didn't get annoyed that my friend and I were snapping lots of pictures (some that accidentally went off with flash). Don't think twice, just go to Zahav!
So good, so good. Those near and far should go to great lengths to make Zahav part of your Philly trip - it's worth most hassles. (My hassle was not getting home to NY until 3am because of our reservation. OH WELL)

The restaurant is a little hard to find. If you're on Dock St., walk up a set of stairs and you'll discover it in a plaza with greenery all around. If you're on 3rd St., keep an eye out for the sign for St. James Pl., because it's really an alley (no road!) and easy to miss. Walk down the alley and turn left before going down any steps.

The food is "modern Israeli," which to me just means variations on a Mediterranean/Middle Eastern theme. Zahav is all small plates, so go all-out with a tasting menu! We did the Tayim ($39pp, entire table must participate). A walkthrough:

Start off with hummus and laffa served on a board, as well as 6 banchan-like salad dishes (salatim). The hummus was the BEST HUMMUS I'VE EVER had. Just YES. The laffa was warm, fresh, perfectly spiced, folded like a treasure. That night's salatim included: sweet and nutty twice-cooked eggplant, shaved fennel pickled with serrano, shredded beet with tahini, parsley tabbouleh with feta/apple/walnut, green beans stewed in spicy tomato, and diced cucumber/tomato. A great array! I liked the spicy shaved fennel best.

You then move on to the mezze. Each person picks 2 from the normal menu:
- House-smoked sable: Tender smoked cod is piled on a piece of thick challah, itself set on a fried egg. When the toast is cut, yolk oozes under everything. Poppy seeds mixed with the fish gave such a pleasant textural sensation as well. This was so damn easy to love... As a native New Yorker (egg sandwiches and lox are in my blood.. among other things), it sang to my concept of breakfast perfection.
- Crispy haloumi: Impossible not to enjoy. The haloumi was fried to the point that a bark was beginning to form on the exterior. Sweet apple/onion puree underneath paired easily with the salty cheese. I hate to admit it, but for fried cheese, it's a large portion.
- Chicken liver mousse: The silky, creamy mousse is served on heavily buttered toast and sprinkled with grainy gribenes (chicken crackling). I would've been happy with the mousse sliced half as thick, though. There is such a thing as too much liver. 
- Kibbe naya (raw lamb): My least favorite. I wanted something more adventurous (and was prohibited from getting sweetbreads), but the bit of lamb was chopped with lots of fenugreek/walnut, and not recognizable even as meat. It's served with 3 lettuce leaves for wrapping. Presentation was lacking. This dish reminded me of those Chinese chicken and cashew lettuce wraps. Eh.

Next, your choice of one Al Ha'esh (grilled plates, still mezze-sized). After all the other dishes, both ours seemed too heavy/salty, but still delicious:
- Lamb merguez: Juicy and flavorful. But the lentil stew that the two sausages sat on had a significant percentage of cumin by mass...
- Duck kebab: Two medallions of ground duck came on a bed of fragrant rice with fig? berry? reduction. I didn't think the dish needed much sweetness, but it was easy to ignore. The duck itself was wonderfully moist - I suspect they were not shy with the duck fat, either.

Lastly, dessert:
- Rugelach: Tiny little twists came 6 to a bowl. I was too full to understand what I was eating at this point, but the rugelach seemed to be chocolate, instead of date paste as listed on the menu. Rugelach is dear to my heart and this wasn't the best I've had, even though they were adorable and served warm. 
- Kadayif (shredded phyllo with ricotta - called konafi on the menu): Perfect. Any kadayif I've had has always tasted stale, but here it was fresh and surprisingly tender and light. The quenelle of labneh ice cream on top was AWESOME. I guess it's just frozen yogurt, but the icy tartness was very welcome.

Service: STELLAR. All the staff were at the top of their game the whole time, never stuffy. Napkins were refolded every time someone got up, the table was wiped down gently after each plate, water glasses were never more than half empty, recommendations were given and menu items were described expertly, and everyone smiled. Each time a patron passed within 6 feet of staff, they would step aside! What?! The pacing of the dishes was perfect as well, and went faster than we expected for a tasting menu.

Ambiance: Zahav is undeniably a great date place - dark and energetic without being hectic or crowded. Large windows offer a view into the bright white kitchen, and one of the seating options is at a counter facing the kitchen, though I didn't see anyone take that opportunity. Dress is somewhat casual but don't be a slob. 

Wind down your very satisfying meal with a silty Turkish coffee, or mint tea - very lightly sweetened black tea with mint leaves piled on top.

You can snag Megabus tickets for $5, and NY-Philly one way is only 2 hours out of your life. Just saying.
The food is phenomenal as everyone knows. It most certainly lives up their incredible reputation which is why it's remained a super hot reservation in town. It has been on my wish list for for years! I mean years and years. And it will most certainly be on my regularly restaurant rotation

.  A culinary explosion for your mouth. The tasting menu is by far the way to go. $45 for vegetarian. Easily made vegan. 

The gorgeous array of salads to share as soon as you sit down are so special and flavorful. Eggplant and beet to name a few. The most delicious pipping hot pita and creamy hummus greet you as well. Umm can I just sit and eat this stuff all day?!! 
Complimentary sparkling water fills your glass and then order yourself specialty cocktail or in my case a nice flute of rosé' to get you started. Then choose your courses. I can only speak for the vegetarian made vegan especially for me plates which are as follow: I eliminated the goat cheese on the watermelon salad with mint which was so fresh and made truly unique with the addition of the fried black olives. Wow. What clean flavor! I absolutely loved and could down an entire plate of the fried Cauliflower in tahini sauce with chives, dill and mint. The crimini mushrooms taken right off of the skewers in front of you with porcini tahini and pickled Swiss chard were perfectly smoked and insanely delicious. This is all served with fresh daily pickles and choice of dessert. Not listed on the menu but most absolutely should be was a blueberry with coconut cream sorbet topped with fresh blackberries, strawberries and toasted nuts. I literally moaned when I first tasted it!  

A definite must! 
Extra points for the Citizen Cope playing when I walked through the door. Yesss! Great soundtrack too! Cannot wait to come back.  

*free 2hr street parking until 10pm on Dock Street 
*minimally priced parking in Society Hill Towers parking lot in St James Place 
*take in a movie at The Ritz afterwards 
*stroll over to Spruce Street Harbor Park afterwards if the seasons allow. 
*take a romantic walk by the river.
.
Metzuyan.  L'chaim!

I guess I just have to say wow.  The food here was pretty fantastic.

Zahav itself is somewhat of a dining experience.  The space is large and nicely decorated.  The servers are outfitted in what appeared to be a nod to the Israeli army which I found kind of funny.  The service was completely on point here.  I don't believe that my glass of water was allowed to get below the halfway point.  Each person we dealt with was pleasant and took the time to offer helpful explanations and answer any questions we had.

My dining partner and I opted for the tasting menu.  It was a heck of a deal, especially for the quality and quantity of food we were served.

We started with the hummus-masbacha and the saltim.  The 8 different mini salads presented on the wrought iron tree were just incredible.  The twice cooked eggplant, roasted beets and tabouleh won best of show in my book.

Our mezze selections were the haloumi, duckhearts, cauliflower and the bastilla.  I particularly loved the yogurt sauce with the cauliflower.  The duckhearts were just ridiculously good.  I'm kind of craving them right now as I write this.

Entrees were the beef cheeks and the kofte.  The beef cheeks had a more tender texture than perfectly cooked short ribs.  The kofte, well, was awesome and when they cook something Al Ha'esh there, believe me, it tastes like it.

Dessert selections were the almond semifreddo and the vanilla cardomom custard (or some variant).  Small, sweet and a great end to the meal.

It's not a lot of times that a restaurant blows your mind like this one did.

Well done Zahav.  Well done.
Zahav, long-known as one of the premier dining destinations in the United States, was recently bestowed yet another award, this time as the 2019 James Beard's Outstanding Restaurant. Zahav has also long been on my list of places to dine and while I do not get to Philadelphia as often as I'd like, I did vow that the next time I was there, I would go to Zahav, and I made good on that promise.

I love Israeli cuisine and Zahav offers a comprehensive tour of its many delights. Between Cook's and Solomonov's restaurants and cookbooks, along with "In Search of Israeli Cuisine", these two have positioned themselves as experts in this cuisine, which is clearly depicted in this award-winning restaurant. 

As for Zahav's infamous wait, I got there at 4:00 p.m. on a Friday (albeit, the day after Thanksgiving) and was the third party in line (the two prior parties had just arrived). I was in a party of two and we were in the first bar seating. There are 16 bar seats and four chef's counter seats, so do note for a visit without reservations.

The service, drink, and food were nonpareil. The hospitality was apparent from when were warmly and kindly welcomed into the restaurant, with the hostess noting how pleased they were to have us, along with greeting us with bags of spiced, roasted chickpeas. The bartenders do a great job of explaining the drinks and the tasting menu. We did the Tayim (tasting menu) and I wasn't sure it was going to be enough food, but it was more than enough. It really doesn't make sense not to do the tasting menu, which at the bar and with three drinks each took us about two hours or so.  

An amuse bouche of pickled vegetables was perfect to whet the appetite. The standouts include the warm, seasoned laffa and creamy, delicious Turkish hummus, along with the crispy haloumi and the delectable fried cauliflower. The savory salatim accompanied everything nicely. I loved our desserts--a decadent chocolate konafi and a sweet apple cake. Plus, you leave with a to-go cookie, which is, as we say in Hebrew, "sababa". Our drinks were great too, with my favorite being the Z&T, an za'atar-infused gin and tonic. I'm za'atar obsessed so this was great. They also offer wine from my favorite Israeli vineyard, the gorgeous and excellent Golan Heights Winery.

Zahav means "gold" in Hebrew; here, you will be treated to a golden experience. I'm looking forward to visiting again whenever I return to Philadelphia (and hopefully trying the lamb and the hazelnut cake).
You fools!  You said Restaurant Week was designed for suckers, but I assure you Zahav was magic and the best RW experience I ever had.  Granted, you can get the same menu at Zahav for a few dollars more any night, but I still felt like we were racking up hundreds on our bill when we were only racking up tens.  

We started with the hummus and salatim of course and I was easily wooed with the beets, the eggplant, and the carrots.  The others were good too, but those three were my favorites.  

On to the Mezze.  We got the cauliflower, which as you know, is one of the best things there.  The haloumi was great since the saltiness went well with the dates.  You may have to check your morality at the door since the veal sweetbreads were so good and had the perfect tangy smack of passionfruit.  We also got the cod, which was just ok. 

For Al Ha'esh we went with the Duck Kabob and the Merguez.  Both were solid and complimented the other flavors on the plate.  We were still reeling from the Mezze and were also starting to get quite full.  

For dessert, I had the halvah mousse with cruncy chickpeas.  The mousse was good, but the chickpeas didn't retain their crunch.

If chefs are the new rockstars, then Michael Solomonov is Bruce Springsteen.  He wants you to have a front row seat.  He gives you a good show and then there are bonuses along the way like the citrus salad or the rugelach that comes with the check.  I nearly had a Mister Creosote moment when I saw that rugelach, but what, you want me to starve?  I made it happen.  

The staff was amazing.  There was no RW frowny faces here.  I felt so welcomed and spoiled.  Then, to top it off, they gave us a $10 off card for our next meal.  Looks like I get to go back again kids!
I haven't been in Society Hill for awhile as I have an ex-girlfriend living in the immediate area, ah-hem, and I try to avoid a coincidental meeting like the plague.  That being said, I should have worn a disguise and went here sooner when first recommended to me a couple of years ago.  This place rocks, along with my priceless company for the evening.  ;-)

The menu was unique with varied options, and every dish was presented, prepared and absofuckinglutely tasted phenomenal.  The combination of flavors, textures, spices and ingredients were pieced together like a mini version of The Dream Garden at the Curtis Building.  Well, not quite, but my analogy made me smile. :-)

I'm not going through each dish, as I thought everything we had was perfect.  And the service from Luke and Tori (no General Hospital jokes please) was superior.  Even the hostess at the door was cordial, friendly and accommodating. 

This will be added to my list of regular spots I frequent.  Even the fear of confrontation from women who fall under the category of "women who hate me", could not stop me.
Journey to Zahav for a modern twist on Israeli middle eastern cuisine!

I heard the buzz about this place a while ago and checked it out last week to get the low down first hand.

At first the address to the place is very deceiving.  It's near the Society Hill Towers or easier yet...if you know where the Ritz 5 is in Old City, you know where this place is.  It's across the street and up the stairs from the theatre.

Entering the restaurant, you see a very sexy, modern decor.  The lovely wood bar is closest to the main entrance, and it's very long and lots of seating there.  

The dining area is adequate in size.  Tables closest to the window can be somewhat awkward since they are rather close to each other, but it's all good, this gives you few of what other people are ordering.  I swear this one table close to us, order the exact same shit we did. 

The drink menu was very decent, it had interesting cocktails like 6th Borough, which is made with Arak, a liquor sorta like Greek Ouzo, and there was the Lemonanna, which had bourbon, mint and lemon.  I had both.  I loved the Lemonanna, it was very refreshing, you could drink a bunch of those its so good.  The other cocktail was a little to overpowering for me.  If you like the licorice like taste, you will love this cocktail.  It's rather strong as well. 

The menu had a lot of selections to choose from.  These are small plates so about 3 or so plates to share per person I think is good.  We ordered the Fried Kibbe (ground beef with bulgar wheat),  the Monsieur Merguez (spicy lamb sausage), The Bulgarian (ground beef and lamb), Crispy Haloumi (sheeps milk cheese)i, Balkan style Mackerel.  All of the plates were exceptionally prepared and presented.  But the highlights had to be the Haloumi and the Merguez.  The Haloumi was just perfectly done and tasty.  I was skeptical about getting a cheese plate but after eating this, I could have had it for a meal.  The cheese was not as pungent as some, and not too mild either.  It was cooked just right with a nice crispy exterior.  The Merguez was just tasty, fully seasoned and down right delicious.  I would have rathered it be a little more spicy though.

After all that, I was wondering what else could top that, but the dessert was wicked good.  I had the Honey cake which was moist and so damn good.  I'm not a dessert person but I finished this with no effort.  We also had the New School, made with Konafi, Kumquats and Labaneh ice cream.  I love labaneh yogurt, so this was a treat.

Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and gave great explanations of everything on the menu, with awesome suggestions.

I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner.  The well thought out menu is very well executed.  Anyone who enjoys middle eastern cuisine will enjoy this place.
I never thought I'd be fist-pumping to a Journey cover band fronted by a sub-5-foot singer while downing frozen Limonannas at Zahav.  You know, just because Zahav is well-known for their elegant, modern Israeli fare and not so much for Jersey nightclub shenanigans. 

But when nine mullet-wigged chefs (from such restaurants as Fork, Meme, Bistrot La Minette, Bibou) decide to take on boardwalk grub -- fried clams, "crab boil", "fries" of panisse with strawberry "ketchup", foie gras popsicles -- the sleek space was transformed into a roiling shark tank of fatso foodies all attacking the hapless food runners.  

For $25 we stuffed our faces with this grub, were entertained by aforementioned Journey cover band Raised on the Radio (they did other thematic covers, too) and swilled down Miler High Life tallboys for $5.  It was amazingly fun, and we have pictures to prove it.  Can we do this every summer?
Perched on a small mount you will not find so easily, you will find the nearly impossible to book Zahav or just a cluster of old stodgy buildings if you can't find it. Outside, its an old revolutionary historic building. Inside, it's truly revolutionary and making history. 

Zahav is a large box with a soaring ceiling anchored by a large visible crankin' kitchen behind a glass wall with a counter attached. Sit there and you are separated from everything like the border at Gaza. You'll feel like a pound puppy furtively searching for your forever home...forever. Better to sit at a table.

Opposite the kitchen is a packed Bar. The middle of the room is jammed with 2 tops, a small communal table for small convivial diners, and a hidden alcove for A-Listers and family only Bar Mitzvahs. Also great for that first/last date.  

Come early for your reservation, no problem, but also, be advised, you won't be seated. A Hostess finger will point to the Bar 4 deep with Philly's finest. Make a nest on one of the 2 tired ottomans called "The Lounge" no bigger than the  back seat of a Ford Fiesta.  

You might get a drink. You might not, depending on if you're noticed.Time to slip on that Trout Mask to get attention. Then, if you're actually served, go ahead, try to balance the drink and take that selfie. Mazel tov. 

It's loud. It's pushy. It's overbearing. It's growing up in a Jewish household with better food and set to music. Speaking of, mercifully, here, there was no Middle Eastern electro-loop to compete with and no sweaty, zaftig belly dancer undulating her pelvis in a lustful manner with her Pirelli P-7 flowing over her harem pants to annoy everyone. Just the deafening sounds of happy diners happily dining.         

The Staff: A lot of milling and mingling. (With each other). No one answers the phone. No one has an answer, (okay, everyone has an answer, just not the right one). Although Liz, The Good Fairy, answered my plaintive cross country call/e-mail/text and navigated both of us through the silly on-line booking algorithm. A robot asks if you are a robot. Trolling for a cyber hook up? 

Then there was Lady Leah, who orchestrated my dinner and cared for me  like a Jewish Mother. Toda. 

The Bar: No spirits barred plus Israeli wine. (Let's call this whining and dining). Hey, I bought wine made in Paducah, Ky, so Israeli wine wasn't a giant leap. 

I started with a Tiki in the Tigres. It was the Arab Spring in a high ball glass. It had Rum, Batavia Arrack, Amba, (pickled Mango) Strawberry, Lime and Orange which made it vaguely citrusy along with a Cinnamon note. Likeable for sure. Alas, my Side Car derailed. It was made with a packet of Cascade and was basically undrinkable. I left it untouched on   the ottoman. 

Oops, someone found the the stereo and dialed up the beat as if it was time for enhanced interrogation. 

The Vibe: Who's in the house? High achievers, Tel Avivers, ex-pat Sabras, table runners who know a few English palabras, just finished shoppers and office hoppers. A fondue of who's who.   

The Food: Brilliant. It was everything and more than expected. To start try the Tray of Relish. You'll relish that.

The Salatim was a rotating 6 salad offering. Mine was Eggplant two ways, creamy and chunky, Moroccan Carrots, Sweet Red Bells, Shredded Fennel Cabbage (think Jewish Kimchee), and Hot Cherry Pepper. Each one a delight. 

Next, you'll get the legendary Hummus, (the best this side of Bavel in LA). The topping du jour was roasted Corn and Shishito Peppers. Even neat this Hummus is hard to beat. 

The Set Menu is the best bet and provides 2 Mezze to mess with. One was Fried Cauliflower on a bed of Mint, Lemon, and Aleppo Pepper Aioli. Tasty even though the Cauliflower had steamed away it's fryer crunch. 

The Kibbe Naya was regal. Raw Lamb. Are you nodding no? Great, more for me. It was texturally intriguing and delicious. Bulghur Cracked Wheat, Spring Garlic, and crisp Maitaiko Mushrooms. This was baaa'd to the bone, baby. 

The Halloumi was hot and cheesy which also describes the perfect date to take home to your Jewish parents. Camera ready? Both were tasty morsels, indeed. 

The Kitchen spiffed me a Smoked Snapper in a Cabbage Leaf. Leaf that here all for me, please. 

A Beef Kebab was wonderful. It was half the size of an Oscar Meyer Wiener and had me beggin' for the whole grill load of them. 

The Chicken Shashlik was everything a Chicken dish could and should be. A bucket of those nuggets would have been pure gold. Any idea of the street value? 

Wanna have peace in the Middle East by the weekend? Invite Hamas to  eat here. 

Lastly, a Malabi (Israeli Milk Pudding) Strawberry (Fruit 'n Flan) with Rose, and Hazelnut Crumble was both light and rich at the same time.

The Olive Oil Cake with Passionfruit pieces and Whipped Labneh made me, of little faith, nervous, but this was truly terrific and a fine ending to a marvelous meal. 

Zahav, you have me, for life.
If you can't tell by the advance notice required to get a reservation, this place is constantly packed. Have no fear, that does not correlate in anyway to reduced attention or quality.  Having hear "everything is good" and not wanting to make a choice myself, we decided to go with chef tasting menu.  It was easily the best decision of my Friday!  

Before ordering, we were provided a plate of various pickled foods.  Either I've grown to like nearly everything pickled, or Zahav has a secret technique.  I'm guessing the latter.

Once we ordered, they started us off with 6 vegetarian salads (salatim).  Don't be fooled or disappointed with that vegetarian word, these salads were delicious!  I'm torn as to which was my favorite - the double roasted eggplant, the beets, or the cucumber.

The salads were accompanied by laffa and the best hummus I've ever had.  Now I haven't had a lot of different hummus, but still know what's great!

The next wave of food included some amazing fried cauliflower in a dill sauce.  Yes, I don't know how else to describe it other than to say amazing.  Considering this wave had the only item of the night I did not like (House Smoked Sable), I was happy to devour as much cauliflower as was provided!

After clearing all that, the main course arrived - enough lamb to last for days.  Of course it was perfectly cooked and delicious.  And of course, we were so stuffed with the earlier rounds we admitted our (temporary) defeat and had it boxed to go.

The night ended with a sweet dessert which I was too tired to get the name of.  It really balanced the meal well.

At this point, Zahav is a clear five-star.  Yet, they take service to another level.  They almost appear to be over staffed to ensure you are constantly taken care of.  In a time when you fight to get a water refill and are pushed out quickly after your meal, Zahav is the anti - prompt service that isn't pushy, attentive while providing privacy - making for a stress free evening.  Make a reservation and check it out for yourself!
Located just steps from the Society Hill Towers, Zahav is a fantastic Israel-Mediterranean restaurant that sets the bar for fine dining in Philadelphia.  Not only did all my friends who ate there love it, but it lived up to all of my expectations.  A recent pick for a date night with the BF, the atmosphere was warm and inviting, with great views of the surrounding neighborhood.

The menu is a little overwhelming at first as it's served "tapas style" with many little plates, but I highly recommend ordering the Tayim tasting menu, which allows you to try their amazing selection of salads (salatim), hummus, and house-baked laffa bread, along with two mezze, one grilled meat plate, and dessert (so if you're dining with a partner, you get to try a large chunk of the menu).  The hummus and salads tasted so fresh and perfect, a great way to start off the meal.  For the mezze, we tried the fried cauliflower, kibbe naya (their take on a lamb tartare), crispy halloumi cheese (my favorite dish of the night), and the stuffed grape leaves.  I'm not one for stuffed grape leaves personally, but the way they created it with the ground veal and raisins made it taste that much better and more elegant than standard Greek fare.  Our main plates, the duck kebabs and beef cheeks, were also cooked to perfection.  And dessert, which we barely had room for, was also incredible: sweet enough to signify the end of the meal, but not too sweet.  I really enjoyed the warm valrhona chocolate inside the crisp Kataifi, as well as the homemade Turkish Delight in the Roasted Apricot dessert.

The service was impeccable and was able to not only make good recommendations, but provide an easy way to read and decipher the menu. Zahav also has an expansive and terrific cocktail list, and the two of us ended up splitting a pitcher of their signature cocktail, the Lemonnana (essentially, lemonade blended with herbs and bourbon).  Overall, I greatly enjoyed my experience here and it truly deserves to be among one of the best restaurants in the city.  Definitely worth it for a special occasion or for elevated Middle Eastern cuisine.
Oh Jenny and Zeke, how can I ever thank you enough for introducing us to the joy that is Zahav? Everything about it was perfection, from the location (quite hidden if you don't know EXACTLY where you're going, which is super cool) to the bartenders to the drinks to the food. I want to make sweet, sweet love to that hot pita bread. That sounds weird, but trust me, if you ate it right out of the wood-fired oven with their amazing hummus, you'd feel the same too. Oh - and the decor! Sexy and stylish doesn't even do it justice - just go and check it out for yourself next time you want to impress someone. 

Can't wait to go back. Zahav, you have won my heart.
Oh wow!!!!
Went here for a private event 4 course lunch yesterday and it was phenomenal.

The pastry chef did a baking demonstration for our group and the owner is a class act!

We started with the incredible humus on fresh baked bread.
4 types of delectable veggie salads: Carrots, beets & walnuts, red peppers & tabbouleh.  All were yummy.

Next the haloumi (fried) cheese with fig compote arrived along with crispy fried cauliflower & an heirloom tomato & sable salad.

For the entree we had either grilled eggplant (infused with pomegranite) or salmon.  Both were super tasty.

The desserts included a home-made cashew baklava with white chocolate pannagotta and fresh peaches.  Also a labneh semi-freddo (I did not care for it's tang) garnished with cucumbers and fresh diced summer melons.  The garnish tasted better than the dessert (to me).

FABulous service and a great, great meal.

G-d, I love it here.
What can I add to my original review? Well for starters it is every bit as good as I remembered it to be three years ago (has it really been that long?... I can't wait that long again). In the time in between my visits Chef Solomonov has racked up the accomplishments, James Beard winner, Iron Chef appearance, Food & Wine mentions and many many more well deserved accolades. 

We came here for Restaurant Week and it was worth it. They basically give the same as their regular tasting menu for basically the same price (regularly it is $38 per person) so there is really no excuse to not try this place other than you can't snag a reservation!

But even great food can be ruined by bad service Luckily we had the fantastic and knowledgeable Okam to guide us through our dining experience, even though we ran into a few snags, like they were out of one of the fish dishes, he quickly came and let us know so we could order an alternative as well as an additional item for the inconvenience. Now that is great service! Who doesn't love extra food?! On top of all this he chatted with us and gave up some great tips for places to try next. 

My recommendations for food - get the crispy haloumi. Before even considering other things order that. Then move on to the sweetbreads,. Really give them a try they are some of the best in the city. Also try the chicken livers (I am not a liver fan, but my two dining companions raved about it). There really was nothing we tried that we did not like and between three of us we got to sample & share just about everything. 
Save room for dessert and get the halva mousse. It was so rich, but light and so amazing.
Zahav deserves six stars.  I've been three times and have had three incredible, incredible meals.

I went with six people on Black Friday and had a wonderful experience.  We started at the bar and waited for the other half of our party.  The manager served us, got into a discussion about wine, and was soon pouring us tastings of some delicious bottles we'd never tried (but soon ordered a bottle of to the table!).  It was a charming and fun way to begin the evening.

Once seated we were easily talked into a tasting menu for six.  We gave some ideas of what we'd like for our appetizers, and the rest was handled for us.

Two towers (and I do mean towers) of small salads appeared with two kinds of hummus (one cold and refreshing, one hot and comforting) and hot, hot bread.  It was almost impossible not to fill up right then and there... 

But I knew what else was coming.

Grilled duck hearts, big and plump and delicious.  Sweetbreads seasoned in a way no other restaurant could even attempt.  Incredible house-smoked sable on a thick grilled slice of challah with a fried egg soaking into it.  That fun fried cauliflower. Plate after plate after plate of amazing food.

The service was impeccable.  Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and very pleasant all night.  The sommelier (sent over by the manager who'd been so engaging at the bar) gave excellent recommendations (some Austrian Riesling and an Israeli syrah).  The restaurant even sent over a complimentary dish of crispy (fried?) haloumi cheese with a date jam, which turned out to be one of my favorite dishes, despite wanting to literally have sex with just about every food item brought out all night.

And then out came the main course, available only on the tasting menu, a full lamb shoulder, slow-cooked for three days (!!!), so tender it might have fallen apart just moving the plate too quickly, but with a crispy, amazing skin (the best part of just about any animal) coated in pomegranate and chick peas.  

I cannot even describe how delicious this lamb was.  It jumped into my top five dishes in the city very, very quickly.  It was served with a delicious rice, touched with that delicious pomegranate sauce, cooked in a pan so it has a perfectly crusty browned edge.

And somehow all that food was just $45/person.  I don't understand it, but I am not arguing.

What a meal, Zahav.  I will be back, hopefully many more times.
I don't think there's much I can say that hasn't already been said. I came across the reviews for this place a little late in my vacation planning, like only a couple weeks before the trip. My heart sank when I read of the difficulties of getting a table less than 60 days out. I called during the day (don't call during service hours, they won't answer) and got on a waiting list in case there was going to be a cancellation. As luck would have it, they called with an opening!!!! At 5:30 on a Tuesday night we showed up with very high expectations for having one of the best meals of our lives (if you believe the hype of reviews everywhere).  Happily, we were not disappointed!

We decided to do the tasting menu and although it was a ton of food we left full but not with that gross feeling of being stuffed.  I think it's because the grease factor is low and everything is so fresh.  We loved the salatim, vegetable salads. My favorite was the eggplant and the slightly charred flavor.  We went with the tehina hummus and really enjoyed the laffa bread. Against our better judgment we asked for a second piece because we still had hummus left and couldn't imagine leaving any behind.

Our next course, the mezze, was my favorite. It was hard to pick 4 because they all seemed like they would be amazing. The fried cauliflower was my favorite with the haloumi a very close second.  The blueberries and honey paired so nicely with the haloumi.  My husband got the hamachi tartare and it was light and refreshing and a good balance to my heavier choices.  He also chose the kibbe and really liked it.

Our main course or Al Ha'esh, was the chicken and the steak.  We shared and enjoyed them both but I think the beef had a better flavor. 

And finally, dessert. They definitely save the best for last!  We shared the Konafi, with the killer lemon ice cream and the delicious and light custard with the fruit. My husband also enjoyed the Turkish coffee, which was like an expresso in strength.

I think the tasting menu was the perfect introduction to this wonderful place and am so good we choose that route. 

The wait staff were incredible. Our waitress was patient and knowledgeable and seemed to work in a team with food runners. We never had empty glasses. The table was cleared and reset between each course.  It wasn't just the food, it was the atmosphere, the service, the warmth of the space that contributed to the overall experience. Would I return, in a heartbeat!!
A golden feast - what a truly memorable meal!

We were in Philly for just 24 hours and was committed to dining at Zahav even though we did not have a reservation. Our wait for bar seating at 7 pm on a Saturday was 90 minutes. Honestly, my boyfriend and I agreed that we would gladly wait again, as the food was a million times worth it (and we rarely wait for tables as we are usually meticulous about reservations).

We chose the $45 5-course meal. To start off, we were presented with six vegetable salads and hummus as well as a huge oven-baked laffa, as pillowy and light as clouds. The vegetable salads were visually stunning as equally delicious. My favorites were the mashed beets, the cucumber relish, and the jammy eggplant. I was so taken aback by the layers of flavor profiles - you would get different tastes one bite in then three bites in and end with another different note. I could easily enjoy this as a feast in itself and I would have rolled out of there quite happily. But alas, the experience continued onto...

The mezzes. We tasted the fried cauliflower, stuffed grape leaves, grilled duck hearts, and the oyster mushroom schnitzel. 
- OH MAN, that fried cauliflower had all of the smokey-light fry that I loveeee. But the chef deftly abated the intensity by a cooling tzatziki-like sauce with garlic and mint sauce. 
- We also had grilled fennel on the house, which was outstanding. The char and whatever sauce on the fennel infused almost a meaty-ribs like taste into it. 
- The oyster mushroom schnitzel was good. I couldn't quite discern the avocado, but I thought the pita breadcrumbs was a nice texture and enjoyed the beautiful pomegranate. 
- The stuffed grape leaves were served warm, a preparation that I had not had before. We thought that we prefer the cold version, as it is more refreshing. The warm preparation reminded me of porridge.
- The grilled duck hearts is an acquired taste that I have not developed yet. Regardless, it is worth trying out as it was the best preparation of offal meat I've had, and the tabbouleh was delicious.   

For the Al Ha'esh (grilled over coals), we got the brisket and sirloin, which were absolutely amazing. These were small bites, but there was so much flavor packed into each bite that the dishes should be labeled "quality over quantity". The sirloin was served on a skewer and the brisket in meatball form. My boyfriend and I thought that the brisket was the best of the best of the night - the combination of that tender, juicy brisket with apricots and olives led to a smoky, sweet, and salty combination that was just out of this world. It was a bite where I literally slowed down chewing so that I could really appreciate all the flavors.

Finally, a feast would be incomplete without dessert. 
- The carrot basboosa was served as a creamy hazelnut ice cream on top of praline crumbles and brown butter carrot cake with whole cranberries that burst in your mouth. 
- The coffee custard was encased in dark chocolate and served with blood orange sauce and a roasted almonds and orange peel. 
Both delicious and both perfect bites to end the perfect meal.

My hats off to the manager for the pacing of the courses as well. We never felt rushed or felt wanting for the next food to arrive. I was quite impressed by this feat, given how packed it was.

Zahav simultaneously accomplishes that homemade delicious food in a laid back, no frills vibe while also offering a chic, upscale dining experience. I can't believe the $45 price tag for such a memorable experience. Truly a magical night - I hope to return very soon.
Israeli food is more than just hummus and shawarma.  For proof, visit Zahav, and prepare for one of the finest meals of your life.

I certainly wasn't expecting one of the finest meals ever when joined a friend here for a long and leisurely evening of noshing and cocktails.  We arrived shortly after the place opened, and made the bar our home for most of the night.  I couldn't have asked for a better evening out.

We started with a few rounds of cocktails.  I tried the Desert Rose (gin, hibiscus, grapefruit, cucumber), Marble Rye (rye whiskey and celery soda), and a modified Sunny Castello (gin, Aperol, grapefruit).  All were refreshing and delicious (and cheap, since we arrived while happy hour was still in effect).

We knew that we wanted to taste and sample lots of different items.  The best way to do that is to order the tayim -- a prix-fixe option with starters, two small plates, one grilled item, and one dessert for $39.  Two people meant two tayim, which meant a massive array of goodies.

Here's the rundown of what we shared:

** Salatim -- a beautiful array of colorful salads, which the chef rotates daily.  We had beet, celery, green bean, and a few others.  
** Hummus-foul -- hummus with warm fava beans
** Laffa -- warm and crispy flatbread, similar to naan
** Fried cauliflower with chives, dill, mint, and garlic
** Crispy haloumi -- deep-fried cheese with dates, apples, and walnuts
** Marinated artichokes with ricotta, pine nuts, and kumquats
** Squash konafi -- layered "cake" of squash, apple, olives, and bottarga
** Pastel -- savory pastry filled with purple yams and sheep's milk cheese
** Duck kebab with black garlic, grapes, rose, and pistachio
** Spiced eggplant with harissa, black lentils, and garlic tehina
** Konafi with ricotta, apples, and labaneh ice cream
** Carrot basboosa with cream cheese mousse and candied hazelnuts

Trying to pick out a single favorite is damn near impossible, because every course was impeccable.  Special shout-outs go to the absolutely amazing cauliflower, the ultra-decadent crispy haloumi cheese, and the juiciest and most succulent duck kebab meatballs of my life.  The desserts are also very unique and feature a wonderful mix of sweet and savory elements.

Service was as outstanding as the food.  Our bartendress made us feel right at home from the moment we sat down and didn't mind at all that we were lingering a little longer than we probably should have.  Zahav is just so warm and inviting that it's *very* hard to leave.

Zahav is easily the best Israeli restaurant I've ever experienced, and one of the top restaurants of *any* kind, anywhere.  I feel so fortunate to have spent my evening there, and I can't wait to pay Zahav another visit next time I'm in town.
While giving a daytime pedestrian tour of my old 'hood, Queen Village, to my parents and my favorite uncle from L.A., walking past its hilltop glassbox home for an umpteenth time, I finally decided I should try Zahav, and nudged my relations inside. My suggestion was a crowd-pleasing coup, thanks to chef Solomonov's loving and authentic rendition of my people's favorite dishes.

As newbies, we opted for the Tay'im tasting menu. Needless to say, the menu's anchor is fresh laffa bread and hummus, cleanly, delicately tasteful. Salatim (salads) refreshed the palate. Kofte (meatballs) put the appetite in gear. Shipudim (skewers) of lamb, beef, chicken, and even duck, had us licking chops. And sweet baklava satiated. Sitting in a large sun-filled, rustic-modern room around a long, wood table, we felt ourselves transported, as if our meal had taken place in a contemporary Hebrew eatery on the Mediterranean coast.

Writing with the added perspective of having recently eaten in Israel, well and frequently I might add, my appreciation of Zahav's blend of preparatory mastery, staging skill, and keen audience sense is that much greater. If you're not familiar with the Israeli version of middle eastern fare, this is a wonderful initiation. If you're well acquainted, you'll find yourself at home. Settle in, and b'tayavon.
Zahav, which exceeded expectations and has replaced Sfizzio, has an open feeling about it, high ceilings,colorful glass lanterns and windows, and the food is fresh, colorful and outstanding!  

This Israeli restaurant has a great variety of small dishes and skewers which are perfect to share.  This is family style dining, and the flavors are bold.  I really enjoyed the turkish hummus, the galil (eggplant skewer), and the kineret (salmon skewer).  I was only slightly disappointed in the malauch, as I'd anticipated it to be different, but it was still very good.   

Interesting cocktails.  The Lemonnana drink was a great mojito-like drink and I'm going to return for the Milk and Honey cocktail.  

We found out that you cannot get the Mesibah individually ($50/person prix fixe meal), unfortunately, so we'll have to return when our whole group wants to partake.  

Save room for the desserts:  Get the Baklava!  Oh, and the ice creams are so full of flavor!  I really loved the sesame ice cream that comes with the warm chocolate cake. Potent and high quality ingredients.
what's my favorite dish at zahav? easy question - definitely the haloumi. crispy fried cubes of a most delicious salty cheese. no matter its pairing (which changes seasonally), the cheese itself is the star of this stand-out dish.

buuuuut...damn, that fried cauliflower over mint labaneh is pretty much the best cauliflower i've ever had. if it's not my number one fave, it's a real close second.

....a second place probably shared with the entire hummus and salatim platter. the awesomeness of the freshly made, warm hummus (my fave of the bunch being the foul - fava beans) and za'atar dusted laffa is eclipsed only by the eight small, scrumptious salads. what's my favorite of those, you ask? the eggplant! no, the beets! no, no...definitely the eggplant. i think...

speaking of eggplant, they grill theirs over coals and serve it with israeli couscous - it ain't too shabby. same goes for the barley-filled grape leaves with halved green grapes and kashkaval cheese. 

zahav is, clearly, a vegetarian paradise, while also boasting even twice as many options for our meat-loving friends & fam. plus, there's one thing we can all agree on: dessert! if you have to choose just one, make it the almond semifredo. no, wait, make it anything halvah - be it as a mousse, or straight-up chunks of this rich, sesame candy, whose flavor takes me right back to my childhood.

what's my favorite thing about zahav? EVERYTHING!
I did not just have a meal at Zahav, I had an experience. I experienced pure flavor Nirvana and palette ecstasy. Although I usually abhor tapas places, I was more than blown away here. The experience starts out with vegetables slices that have been pickled in a turmeric infused vinegar (carrots, celery, and artichoke hearts). I could eat them all day and they are gratis.

I chose the Tayim or tasting menu which consisted of: Salatim (six different vegetable salads...you get all six); your choice of one of three hummus served with Laffa bread; your choice of two of a total of eight mezze; one Al Ha'esh (meat or meaty vegetables grilled over coals) served with rice pilaf; and, dessert. Total price $48, and worth every penny. I have a brawny appetite and I walked away with a to-go bag.

Salatim, courses one through six. I do not remember all of the six salads but each one exploded with flavor, earthiness, and a great balance of salt, spices, and heat. Of note were the carrot based salad and the sliced leeks.

Hummus, course seven. One of the choices is the well known Tehina hummus with olive oil. However, go with the Tehina with a daily topping choice. Today's choice was grilled (and/or smoked) cauliflower. Best hummus ever!!! Mic drop. I would not have been offended or felt taken advantage of if the meal ended there or just consisted of hummus. It is that good. The laffa bread is puffy with a bit of char from being baked in a wood-burning oven. It is then topped with salt and some spices. I mopped the hummus bowl dishwasher clean with that bread and should have asked for more.

Mezze course eight. I had the smoked sable fish. It was good and seemed to be well prepared, but it was not what I thought. In the challah bread, on top of which the smoked fish was mounded, was a runny yoke of an egg. Not my favorite egg preparation so, after a trial bite, I moved that small plate to the side. My waiter/bartender (I sat at the bar) noticed immediately and asked if I did not enjoy the dish. I told him I did not and he insisted that I choose a replacement. I then chose Haloumi which is a cheese that is grilled and served with walnuts and a date marmalade like sauce. Imagine the best grilled cheese you ever had that you then dipped into a sweet savory cranberry sauce. Just a damn good dish. 

Mezze course nine. Fried cauliflower with garlic, mint, aleppo (I know it as a great city but no idea what it means in this dish), and labneh (no idea what that is either). All I know is that the dish is great. It just made me happy eating it and I am just as happy writing about it.

Al Ha'esh, course ten. I ordered the Lamb Merguez with green olive matbucha (like a green olive relish or tapenade) and fennel root slices. Lamb Merguez is the absolute perfect lamb sausage perfumed with an explosion of spices and a sweetness that I still cannot place. It was tender and juicy. The smell was just divine. The matbucha and fennel, when eaten on the same fork full as the lamb, was the zenith of this amazing meal. My mouth is still having a flavor jubilee!!!

Dessert, course eleven. BEHOLD, Chocolate Olive Oil Cake. Just to launch it over the moon they added cacao nibs, kumquat slices, and malabi custard (think the best vanilla ice cream you have ever had). The cake was super moist, decadently chocolaty with a the perfect foil in the citrus sourness/sweetness of the kumquat slices. I have never, knowingly, had kumquat but they tasted so so fresh. This dessert closed the show like it was Elvis and had already left the building.

The meal took over a couple of hours, great hours, to finish. The cocktail menu is well crafted. The wait may seem ridiculous but wait you must. Carve out 45 minutes or an hour; you will thank yourself that you did. I loved this place. I mean actually adore it. The food was like the best Mediterranean, Greek, and Spanish I have ever had.

The absolute highlight was the knowledgeable and affable service. My waiter, Peter C (112), was my guide on this journey. With the professionalism of a great advocate and a chef like knowledge of the ingredients, preparations, and flavor profiles, he was like the stage director of this Hamiltonian production. My glass never went dry (water or wine). My many questions were addressed. He noticed my dislikes and made it right, without having to be asked. It was an honor and a true pleasure to dine with the staff. 

This was my first experience with cuisine that touted itself as "Israeli." The kitchen staff should be very proud. For my tastebuds sake I selfishly pray that Israeli cuisine catches on throughout the country. Would that Zahav opened in my beloved D.C.!!!  Philly, please understand what a true blessing has been bestowed upon your city in the form of Zahav!!! Tourist, take a moment to put down the cheesesteaks and other Philly favorites and come pay homage at this temple of gastronomy.
I had the amazing opportunity to eat at Zahab during my stay in Philadelphia. My boyfriend surprised me for a date night, and it was definitely one to remember.

During COVID, Zahab has an outdoor dining mesibah menu. Such a wonderful experience for $66 (plus tax) per person. They had heaters outside to make us feel warm even though we came during a rainy day. We even had Blueberry, one of the cats, to accompany us during our meal :) 

First thing that came out was the hummus and warm laffa bread along with the yummy and fresh salatim (side dishes). Hummus was the best I ever had and the laffa was the perfect meal starter. My favorite salatim was the twice cooked eggplant and the pickled Napa cappage. So many different flavors yet all were so exciting! 

For the mezze, we tried the crispy sweet potatoes. The crispiness complimented the creamy french onion labneh (which had a little bit of caviar). The dry aged veal was interesting as well. The apple and sauce gave the meat the sweetness that worked really well with it!

The Al Ha'esh was delicious as well. The duck and foie kebab and the branzino were made with the best ingredients. All the seasonings meshed well together.

But wow! The pomegranate lamb shoulder was a show stopper. It melted in my mouth. I think it was on the saltier side but it was still so good. The flavors seeped through every layer of the lamb.

We were stuffed when dessert came along, so we had a couple of bites to lighten our tastebuds. The pear sorbet had subtle flavors of cardamom. The Malabo custard had more flavor from the grapes and sesame brittle. Both were light and refreshing after a heavy meal.

I had a wonderful time at Zahav, and I hope to come back soon!
YOU MUST COME HERE.

Caps Lock left on deliberately, people. 

Every time I come here I find the food just delightfully delicious and the service prompt and friendly. This restaurant has things that I love: lots of interesting flavorful vegetarian options as well as mouth-watering options for the meat eaters in the group. Everyone can find something that they enjoy. The ambiance is dark and intimate with many private rooms to hold functions.

Do yourself a favor and get the Taste of Zahav where you order 2 small plates and one "entree." The salt-baked kohlrabi is delicious as is the cauliflower and haloumi. And the lamb will blow your mind away. It comes with tongs. No knives. I was like ??? then I realized it was sooooo tender no knife needed.... Mouth agape. Shovel food in happily!

I'm so upset right now because I can't even be funny in this review because the food is just so seriously excellent.
The family is in town, and what better way to cap off an exhausting day of trekking around old city and sight seeing than a wonderful and relaxing dinner at Zahav?

The restaurant is easy to find, and I had already parked my car in a lot about 10 mins walk away from the other activities we were doing earlier in the day. I had reservations and the table was ready for us even though I was 15 mins early. I loved that there was sparkling water as an option with regular water, and our waiter Jeff was so nice I almost wanted to hug him. He was so knowledge about all the dishes-he even knew what the dish was of an empty plate we had cleared and eaten (he could tell which dish it was from the crumbs!) I was very impressed with him.

My family of 4 decided to do the tasting menu- which was salatim and hummus starter for all, followed by 8 mezze courses, 4 al ha'esh dishes, and 4 deserts. I calculated thats about $10 cheaper per person than if you were to order the dishes ala carte. The salatim was a bit salty but the 5-8 small salatim dishes were all excellent. We ordered the turkish hummus and it was the smoothest, buttery, garliciky thing I have ever tasted. I wanted to drown in it and forgo the rest of the meal. Noteable mezze dishes for me were the fried califlower, duck heart, beef stew, the chefs complimentary "sweetbread" deep fried animal organs! The al ha'esh dishes I really liked were the rib eye and the branzino. Eggplant was also very good.

The deserts-well after all that food we couldnt really handle it, but we liked the ice cream sandwiches and the chocolate cake a lot.

Overall a wonderful experience. I hope I can go again someday.
I had high expectations for Zahav, and my recent visit blew them out of the water.

My fiance and I visited Zahav for our final "dating" anniversary. We usually stick to BYOBs (because we like our wine with dinner and we like a lot :) ), but we'll try out a different restaurant we've been wanting to go to for a special occasion. Last year, we went to Amada, and felt like we had been robbed by the end of it. Good food but not worth the price. I was afraid we might meet the same fate with Zahav. Luckily we did not.

We decided we would do the tasting menu. What an awesome deal! $39 per person and you get a ton of food and a great variety. I don't remember the names of things and I'm too lazy to look them up on the menu, but they start you off with a great sampling of some veggie dishes (cucumber salad, spicy green beans, shredded beet salad, and a few others). There was probably enough for a few bites of each for each of us and all were amazing. Then they brought out their homemade flatbread and hummus... we had to stop ourselves when we were halfway done with this or we would not have room for the rest of our food.

The second course were small plates that you got to choose. Two per person. Now, I'm not a vegetarian, but I don't eat much meat. So I chose the crispy cauliflour with yogurt dipping sauce and the chick pea and olive oil soup. Both were great, but I liked the soup more. My fiance got the duck hearts and the haloumi. Now, as someone who doesn't eat much meat, I have to say, those duck hearts were fantastic... and the haloumi was very good as well.

The third course were the meats that are cooked over the coal(?) fire. I had the lamb with sour cherry and he had the one that had both beef and lamb in it... they were basically a couple meat balls each and were pretty tasty. 

Dessert was great as well... to be honest, we had no idea what we were ordering, but they were both great.

The best part of the meal? The service. Or the food. Or the service. Either way, the service was great. We had James as our waiter and at a moment when my man was in the restroom he asked me if we were celebrating anything. I told him about our anniversary and when the time came, he brought out two glasses of champagne with dessert and put a candle in my ice cream. What an awesome end to the night!

I would not hesitate to go back... if I can get reservations!
Wow. Zahav was so gosh darn good. Weekend reservations go extremely quick so give yourself ample time to plan your visit. Once you step into the door, you're set. Prepare yourself. 

I need to start with the service at Zahav. The staff at Zahav is very knowledgable about the menu and they make it their very business to make sure you are well informed about whats to come, so even if this is your virgin experience with the cuisine, they'll hold your hand every step of the way.

Zahav is a dimlit lit, lounge-like restaurant with modern decors and a romantic ambiance, which is perfect for dates. The menu, while not big, covers the main proteins and the important focuses of mediterranean cuisine. The best deal is the Tayim, basically a set meal pre-fixe style. And that is exactly what we went for. 

Hummus with lafa - This is the best hummus I've ever had period, and I've had a lot of hummus (hummi?!) in NYC. The perfect creamy texture and the rich tastes just makes it out of this world. Oh. My God. So good. How can hummus be so delicious and smooth??? The hummus itself is worthy of a journey from NYC. 

Salatim - Many plates of salads and jams thats part of the appetizers. I really enjoyed the wide range of spices and herbs they incorporated into the appetizers. Its too bad that I used the majority of the bread for THE HUMMUS.

Small mezze - My pre-fixe allowed 2 small mezze (per person). Each mezze is still a shareable portion so be sure to cover the menu if you come with multiple people. I highly recommend the sable and the kugel. Both are traditional cuisine but with modern and luxurious preparations - very yummy to the eye and tummy (hehe it rhymed). The haloumi wasn't the best I've had, but my friend told me its up there on her list so definitely very subjective. Another good choice is the soft cooked egg, one over-easy egg over the best fried cauliflowers I've had. No matter what you get, you can expect exquisite presentation and daring tastes thats unapologetic to its origins yet innovated for the modern audience. 

Al'Haesh - the main course. The serving size isn't that much larger than the small mezze, which is good because I was pretty full from THE HUMMUS and the small mezze. I wasn't a huge fan of the duck kebab, which was 2 small dry pieces of duck with rice and spicy tasting huckleberries.

Dessert - Be sure to end your meal with dessert! Just like most middle eastern desserts, everything on the menu was super sweet. I went with the safe pick; the konafi (better known as knafeh). Sticky, sweet, and satisfying as expected.

Considering the impeccable service, lavish atmosphere, and absolutely fantastic food (THE HUMMUS!), the price is almost neglible. I was happy and impressed with the quality of my dining experience and will no doubt repeat a visit if I am in Philly.
What better business for my 100th Yelp review than one of Philly's top restaurants?  I've had notes saved on this excellent dinner for a few months, so it's time to let them out!

First of all, GET THE TASTING MENU.  Friends that we were with (and second-time Zahav diners) had mentioned that the a-la carte menu could save some money if you know what you want, but I wanted to try everything!  I was surprised to find out that each person gets to make their own selections from each part of the tasting menu.  For example, the Tayim menu lists "two mezze."  When I saw this online, I thought that it meant *your table* would select two mezze, but in actuality, each *person* got to select two.  That means that for our table of four, we got to try eight mezze/small plates.  This is great for an indecisive person like me.

If you select the Tayim menu, you start off with six delicious vegetable salads, two types of hummus, and a warm piece of laffa bread that you tear and share with your tablemates.  That piece of laffa was so dreamy - I was a little bummed we only got one piece!  The waiter said he'd bring more if needed (which he did - one additional piece), but I thought it would have been nicer to start out with two.  Well, fellow bread fiends: trust Zahav if they bring you only one or two pieces of laffa.  There is so much more food coming, and they know what they're doing trying to prevent you from filling up on bread early on.  The only other thing I wish was different about this first course was the hummus - we received a good portion of the turkish buttered hummus, but only a small swipe of the plain hummus with vegetables.  That plain hummus was incredible, and I wished I had more than one or two bites!

After the salatim course comes the mezze, which you can try all of if you have four people.  I was so happy we got to try every one of these eight selections.  Next up are the main courses, Al Ha'esh.  We selected four, but the waiter brought out mushrooms on the house, which was great as we had wanted to try those anyway.  In this course, I definitely recommend getting the mushrooms and steak if they are both on the menu.  Eating those two together was one of my favorite bites of the night.

I love that you get a full-size dessert with this menu.  No tiny samples here.  And you will want a full size treat, even after eating so many delicious courses for dinner, because the dessert at Zahav continues to impress.  In fact, on the night we dined here, the pastry chef Camille Cogswell won a James Beard award.  She was away accepting the honor, but we had a toast at the restaurant for her and there was such a fun and upbeat atmosphere all night because of it.

I've waited years to come here, and I was worried that all the hype and great reviews may have built the restaurant up in my head, and that I may be disappointed.  But Zahav wowed me.  All in all, we spent about $70/person including tax and tip.  For great food, outstanding service, and such a variety of tastes and textures, I would say that's a steal.  I can't wait to go back.
First review of 2013.  I'll start off this year with a trip to Zahav.  When in Philly, Zahav is a MUST GO.  Modern Isreali Fusion food, it's AMAZING!!

Tony Bourdain went there for "The Layover".  http://www.visitphilly.com/articles/philadelphia/anthony-bourdain-in-philadelphia-the-layover/  My younger bro (a bigger foodie than I am) also recommended it... so here I am.

First off, I honestly don't know much about Isreali food (ok - don't shoot me now... I'm always open to trying new food!)  Soooooo..... What does a gal do in that situation?  Gather a few foodies and order the tasting menu.  Yeap!

This place does NOT break your bank or your pocket.  Seriously!  
The Tay'im (Taste of Zahav) tasting menu contains the following:
- Salatim (Rachel A http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=-x1516ZG5GllZiBjDQlRkA called it Isreali version of the Korean Banchan)
- Hummus (and their bread called Laffa)
- 2 dishes from the Small Dishes section of the menu (Mezze)
- 1 dish from the Skewer section of the menu (AL HA'ESH / Grilled Over Coals)
- 1 dessert

All this for a mere $39!  The best explanation I can say is that the tasting menu is also like tapas style.  Grab a few foodie friends, each get the Tay'im tasting menu, order a bunch of dishes, roll up your sleeves, and eat.  It's that simple!

Between the 3 of us - lots of CHOICES and OPTIONS - below is what we ordered:

BEGINNERS:
1) Salatim - Eat SLOW.  You'll fill up on this real quick.  Save some room in your stomach for the actual food!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ
2) Hummus - Masbacha with Warm Chickpeas - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#VbzUK_YlyJPBnGHv4W8g8w
3) Laffa - This was almost like a Naan but thinner. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#MRsSg0uWJfbF-x8j7thsuA


MEZZE (in order of my preference):  
1) Kibbe Naya - Raw Lamb, Walnuts, Sumac Shallots - AMAZING!  MUST GET! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#DxzNqouLgV0bl9hToml0fw
2) Basturma - House Cured Salmon, Potato Latke, Pickled Persimmon - MUST GET! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#0IyCGfq24R2D59gAGvUIew
3) Beef Cheek Pastilla - Braised Greens, Coffee - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#2lgELyYga5JN2Z6aTNKayw
4) Marinated Brussels Sprouts - Whipped Feta, Babaganoush, Sumac - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#P9y9OzWsFVXfeNdN4JvKBg
5) Fried Cauliflower - Labaneh with Chive, Dill, Mint, and Garlic - Good but nothing special.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#UueDrOancwbx6fl8UQICBA
6) Crispy Haloumi - Dates, Walnuts, Apples - EH....the cheese or the haloumi was too salty.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#sfMSdSEL3l7oBpZuAOulWA


AL HA'ESH (Grilled Over Coals)  (in order of my preference):  
1) Quail - Mujadara, Collard Greens, Quince - The little bird was almost too pretty to eat... but I did anyway! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#sco02IKmVS8SteYNQsspyg
2) Kofte - Ground Beef and Lamb, Cumin, Peppers, Carrots - tastes like a sophisticated Halal plate from NYC http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#ivxz0FbplOO0SOJF8QXqzA
3) Duck Kebab - Ground Duck, Pistachios, Saffron - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#wKawowncV0nSxFvNBTRPnQ


DESSERTS (in order of my preference):  
1) Pumpkin Cake with Vanilla Custard - YUM!  MUST GET! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#xLQRftmHMCItJE9MKWI1eQ
2) Chocolate Phyllo Dough Cigars with Chocolate Mousse - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#bWtfaGQ1TUPpNEVR3M2bkQ
3) Kanafe with Phyllo Dough Crust topped with Labaneh Ice Cream - this was probably the most traditional of the 3 desserts.  I think all 3 of us didn't have the appreciation for it as we should have - oh well. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#22ENryAAZwK5L2k6htDshg


For the lushes out there, if you have my tastebuds for bitter cocktails, then you should get the cocktail called "Life Aquatic" (includes coriander vodka, carpano antica, & campari).  

The three of us were on a "high" for the next few days after this dinner.  
So MAKE your RESERVATIONS!!  DRESS UP!!  ENJOY!!
Like a young maiden awaits for her wedding night, I've been saving my one-hundredth review for someone special. Zahav, you're the one. 

My evening at Zahav was not just the best meal I've ever had in Philadelphia. I think it might have been one of my best meals I've ever had. I think the key to it's excellence was the choice to go with a big group, something that I usually detest, but was perfect for a shared plate place like Zahav. We got to try EVERYTHING! And I can truly say, with my hand upon a Bible, that I enjoyed every single bite of every dish that we ate and we had a whopping 32 dishes.

They select the salads that they'll send your way and every one was different and delicious. We chose the Turkish Hummus and it was delicious, served with fresh hot naan-like bread. Our waiter told us, do NOT fill up on this course, go slow (like the young maiden might say to her chosen one), and pace yourself. It took all of the self control I could muster and I obeyed. I have no regrets about it because the best was yet to come.

Second course... We tried it all so I'm just going to break down for you what you need to order in my humble opinion. 
--The Fried Cauliflower. Yes, yes, and YES. We were going to skip this one because no one at the table even likes cauliflower and then our waiter had an intervention and told us that we were going to want to order it. Thank God we listened... It was like nothing I have ever had before. 
--Yemenite Beef Stew. Ah, it is so rich and homey. Slow roasted short rib and potatoes
--Grilled duck hearts. Order them, eat one, hide your pleasure, and tell everyone at the table that they're gross (they'll probably believe you) then when they're not looking devour the whole plate. 
--Kibbe Naya. Raw lamb, apples, schoug, pomegranate. Life changed. Don't be scared of the raw lamb. Be scared about continuing your life without having tried it.
--Fried potatoes. These sound very basic for such an exotic menu, but they have kashkaval cheese and anchovies on them and are absolute crispy, savory perfection.


Main course... I'm not lying when I say that everything is good, but if I had to hand out awards...
1st Place: Ribeye Cap. I sat there in silence and the world around me disappeared as I slowly savored the best bite of steak I have ever had. Juicy, rich, perfectly salty, and tender. Praise Yaweh.
2nd Place: Duck Shisklik. I wish they had brought two of these. Duck can be hard to do, but this one was delicious. Served with dirty rice which was just as good as the meat.
3rd Place: Kofte. I first fell in love with kofte when I lived in Turkey as a teenager, then our love affair continued when I dated a Persian guy for a few years, and an old flame was fanned when they brought out this delectable dish. It's so rich, like a Middle eastern meatball of ground beef, lamb, peppers, carrots, and beans. Spiced perfectly and then grilled over coals. 

Dessert... I didn't think I had one fraction of an ounce of room left in my stomach, but then they brought out dessert and I got my second wind. The winners:
--Almond Chocolate Cake. Proof that God loves us. 
-- Vanilla Custard. Pairs just right with the chocolate cake. It has a poached banana (yum) and pistachio. Perfectly light.
--Honey Cake Bread Pudding. Hot, rich, spiced, and delicious. Was tempted to grab it and run from the table and eat it in the alley behind the restaurant where I wouldn't have to share. 

All around, this place is just unreal. The manager heard we had lived in Turkey and came around and talked with us for a long time. The decor is top-notch, and then they even played super cool hip hop. I will be back here for my 30th birthday and you're all invited (and yes, yes, I will let you pay since you insist).
Zahav's Kanafi is so good that I ended up in a car accident a couple of years ago attempting to get it. I had asked my husband to drive out of the way to Zahav for dessert as I was craving it, and a guy hit us and drove off right by the restaurant while we attempting to park. We refer to that as the konafi accident. 

If you've never had konafi, it's almost worth getting in a car accident for. There are layers of shredded phyllo dough that are crisp on the outside and flavored with honey. Inside is a cheese, I believe Zahav uses marscapone. Zahav takes it to another level by adding fillings and toppings. Last night during our visit there was dark chocolate inside. The konafi was topped with a lebnah ice cream which has tartness that balances out the sweetness of the dish. Strawberries and pistachios were added to the top for texture. I used to teach Saudi Arabian students who have brought me several versions of konafi and the one at Zahav still reigns supreme. If you love a combination of textures and flavors in your dessert, you have to try this! 

Last night's impromptu visit began with a craving for konafi and ended with a excellent full meal at the bar. After going to the Olde Bar to find it completely closed for a private event and then being completely ignored at nearby Sassafras Bar, we wandered over to Zahav. The place was packed to the gills, but the receptionist was welcoming and said we could wait for a seat at the bar, but it would be a minimum of 30 minutes. The would come take drink orders while we waited. I got a lemonada, in which the mint was nicely muddled and it had just the right balance of sweetness and tartness. 

After a little over an hour, we were seated at the bar. We ordered a la carte instead of opting for the course menu since we weren't that hungry. The salatim is a must! The dishes change as they are seasonal. My favorite was the eggplant and the wax beans. We didn't order the famous hummus because we get it all the time at Dizengoff. The brought us some of the piping hot homemade bread anyway. 

The best savory dish of the night was a dish with ramps, English peas, feta, and an egg. The egg was cooked perfectly and combined with the creamy cheese to coat the ramps in a heavenly sauce. The crispy potatoes were almost as tasty with peppers, cheese, and anchovies to add a little umami flavor. 

The Bronzino was our main. It was the least impressive dish, but I did enjoy the crispy rice with almonds that was served along side it alone with the pickled ramps and fennel. 

Service was prompt and friendly. I asked the bartender a question about a liquor on the shelf. It tuned out to be a rose hip liqueur. He was kind enough to let me sample it. It tasted similar to Japanese umeshu, but more floral.  

We came in thinking just a drink and some konafi and left stuffed and happy. I will have to put Zahav back on my radar for dinner. Just make sure to book in advance because they seem to stay packed!
I made my reservation three weeks in advance for restaurant week, I was looking forward to a delightful meal with great anticipation. I was NOT disappointed with the well-deserved reputation.

We were welcomed by a genuinely friendly host and a well-informed waiter, who brought out a surprisingly fresh and  buttery-like hummus with warm house-baked pita bread. Followed by four salatim (i.e assortment tapas-style salads: roasted eggplant, marinated carrots, beet salad in tahini, and middle eastern salad.)

For the mezze, we got the fried fingerling potatoes and crispy haloumi. The salty haloumi cheese was exquisite and presented on a smooth homemade dates and walnuts puree, was just incredible, and soon has become my favorite bite of all times.

Our main dishes were chicken shishlik and branzino. For me, the chicken was a bit too bland for my taste but the fish couldn't be more luscious.

By now, we were totally stuffed, but somehow I still managed to leave some room for dessert. I definitely glad I did. The kataifi was insanely delicious, and the yogurt ice cream sandwich was good too.

In a nutshell: I have eaten at most -if not all- of the best restaurants philly has to offer, and by far, Zahav is the most Del-ic-ious food, and dining experience I breathlessly indulged my craving for authentic cuisine!!  UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Five Yelps!
Went last pm for the yurt village sponsored by AMEX .  Had reservations for 4 at 7 sat promptly .  They boast 5 course meal but it is served in three courses.  We opted in to the three glass wine pairing which was 38pp additional.   
      The yurt itself is a very inventive way to dine outside .   It was warm from the waist up.   It was cold at your feet which made for a non pleasurable experience but given the circumstances we went with it.  
        To the food.... the food was very good.  The variety of dishes and sides you get each well curated and flavored was the star.   The bread was so good.   We thoroughly enjoyed the first course .   
       The entree course was also good the halloumi , the lamb, the grouper , the parsnip schnitzel, all so good.  We also enjoyed the red wine paired with the meal.  Our server Was stellar I believe her name was Leah.  She was attentive and explanatory for each dish and wine pairing.  
       To the reason I have 4 stars and I actually considered 3 .... I was disappointed in the billing process .   I prepaid over 400.00 in advance.   This was to cover the yurt and the meal.   The wine pairing I knew would be 38.00 pp additional.   We also each had a cocktail prior to the wine pairing .    I was presented a bill for 280.00 with a "service charge" of 113.00 our server told us this was not a gratuity but rather for the service and the preparation for pandemic and what the restaurant has to do to prepare.   I was literally in shock.   I don't mind paying gratuity , and hell I don't mind paying for great food.   I do mind prepaying 400.00 and add on additional 280.00 plus had to add gratuity to that .   So to wrap up over 700.00 for four people.   I spent less money in Michelin star restaurants in Paris.
While in the city and never trying Israeli cuisine we decided to try Zahav's for dinner while celebrating a relatives birthday.  The place was jammed, the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming. The staff was great and accommodating and the service was five star. We had a large party and were seated in one of their semi private rooms. They added a nice touch to the menu with a Happy Birthday printed on them. Since we had a large party we were able to order the tasting menu. 

They pretty much brought us everything on the menu. It started with their six daily vegetable salads and hummus trio. The vegetables were bright, vibrant and very flavorful. The hummus was very unique tasty and the fresh laffa was amazing. Next was a round of small plates consisting of fried cauliflower, smoked sable, tuna tartare, asparagus, roasted rhubarb, halloumi, kibble maya and grilled duck hearts. Each dish was prepared beautifully and the flavors and textures were amazing. The main course was roasted pomegranate lamb shoulder with chickpeas. Served with Persian wedding rice. The lamb had such great flavor and melted in your mouth. The rice had nice crispy edges and cooked perfectly. This was definitely a memorable experience! If you can get a reservation I would highly recommend it!  It was amazing!
Zahav was the best restaurant week experience I've had in 5 years! Our server Patrick was genuinely excited about the menu and really helped set the mood.  

On top of the four courses we ordered, we received an additional complimentary second course and an extra dessert.  At the end of our meal we received a goody bag filled with two $10 gift cards to Zahav, two $5 cards to Percy St BBQ, cookies & some spices.

My date and I split a pitcher of lemonnana (think mojito w/ bourbon) that went perfectly with our food.  Of all the dishes we indulged in, I'd highly recommend the crispy haloumi.  My meat eating companion's favorites were the duck hearts & lamb sausage.  All of the desserts were sinfully decadent, but the baklava and panna cotta took the cake (rich, sweet, salty, crunchy, smooth & tart).
I desperately wanted to love this place.  If staying up until midnight exactly 60 days ahead in order to book the reservation isn't already love at first sight, I don't know what is.  Incredible ratings on the internet, having been publicly acclaimed by the legendary Anthony Bourdain himself, a ridiculous process to make a reservation - I had incredibly high hopes.  

All in all - I think this place was just "good."  And maybe if the hype wasn't so crazy I'd feel differently or be impressed if it was a random walk-in a friend and I found.  But that is not the case.

Get the tasting menu.  You get to try basically everything, and all the plates are meant to share.  I'll tell you what I had, what I'd get again, and what I'd avoid.  

Everyone (getting the tasting menu) starts off with bread, hummus, and 6 different vegetable spreads.  They're all tasty - the only thing you get to choose is your hummus - we opted for Turkish style which is served warm with butter.  Kind of like chickpea mashed potatoes.  I was happy with the choice. 

For mezzes we got the figs (my fav - for sure get), the halumi (also delicious), the cauliflower (good choice), and the tuna tartar (fresh but bizarre - it's topped with literal tuna fish salad - id skip).  

For entrees we got the bronzino (cooked perfectly but the sauce missed the mark), and the eggplant (tasty - nice vegetarian option).  The rice was flavorful.  

For dessert we got the carrot cake and the custard, which I honestly feel were the stars of the night.  Absolutely incredible desserts.  

The service was FABULOUS.  The waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.  Silverware and plates were replaced regularly and drinks were refreshed before they were half gone.  A+ on service.  Ambiance is trendy - maybe a little too loud.  The restaurant is decorated beautifully and is clean.  

My favorite part of the restaurant is that there is a surplus of vegan and vegetarian options.  And it's not a forced execution - Food from that region just naturally leans towards those flavors.  

Would I return?  I would.  Was it worth a 2 month wait?  It was not.
If this isn't already on your Top 10 places to dine at before you die list, move it straight there. 

I had been to Philly twice before and missed opportunities to go - the first time my group didn't realize that a reservation is necessary (I've heard 2 months at least for a group) and the second time I just didn't have the downtime to go myself. But aha, this third time, I made sure to schedule in a few hours here to go. 

I arrived at the restaurant a half hour before opening, and there was already a line of excited patrons chatting away. Some had been, others hadn't. The doors opened promptly at five and being a solo diner, I was seated at the bar. Should be noted that each staff interaction I had was incredibly professional and cordial.

 Chef Michael Solomonov is a genius, and I'll further divulge.
I knew immediately I would be doing the tayim, the tasting menu. Zahav is tapas/small-plates style, and especially if you've never been this is recommended. Do it! 

My server/bartender was Chris and he was fantastic, gave honest and spot-on recommendations. I ordered Zahav's take on the G&T and was definitely happy with it, so delicious. Then came out the six salatim's - okra, eggplant, cabbage, etc. Not one dish was bad and I already felt myself filling up and my mind is a bit blurred from the sensory overload. The complexities Solomonov has worked int each dish is astounding. You take one bite and has it makes its way from your mouth down your digestive tract there's a whole different level of delicious flavor. 

As I finished up the salatim, then came the Laffa and hummus. I ordered the special of the day hummus, topped with b short rib and squash. I was on the fence about this because I heard that their OG hummus was the best thing ever so I had wanted to stick with that, but, as Chris pointed out, the short rib and squash is topped on the OG hummus, so it's the best of both worlds. And it TRULY was. Chris also instructed that the laffa and hummus is also the best take home, meaning it does well on reheating/eating after. And seeing how full I was beginning to get, I ate half of the hummus and laffa and asked for the rest to be wrapped up.

This hummus.

Holy. Moly.

Holy. Holy. Holy.

The words don't come to mind to accurately describe how religious of an experience tasting it was. The OG hummus was BANGING and at first bite it shot straight up to my last meals list. Topped with short rib and squash, and I was in autumn heaven. It's a thing of wonder truly to behold. Mad freaking kudos.

I should also note that while I was dining alone, I made fast friends with the solo diner I was sat next to, and it was wonderful to be so connected with someone over this experience. She's a veteran Zahav go-er, comes at least once a month, and we bonded over the food and moved on to conversations about travel and experiences. 

So after my religious epiphany with the hummus and laffa, out came my fried cauliflower. I'm a cauliflower fiend so naturally, I had to get it. The dish had a great balance to it, and while I don't normally like mint, I loved it in this dish. So maybe I've just been eating mint wrong??? The fried cauliflower is with labneh and garlic as well and the flavors tag team really smoothly.

After that came my favorite dish ever. The grilled duck hearts. If I have the opportunity to come back I may just order 10 courses of it, because, wow, incredible. I'd normally never order something like this, but it was recommended to me, and had I not ordered this I would be kicking myself in the teeth. The grilled duck hearts are served with lima beans, carrot and pistachio. They should really be considered the eighth wonder of the world. (Well, eighth, ninth and tenth because you get 3 hearts).

Chris also brought out an asparagus and cheese dish that was compliments of the kitchen. The sauce had a little bit of a kick and it was such a nice thought!

Following the duck hearts, was my Syrian kebab. The meat was light and cooked perfectly and the smoked cherry sauce was plate licking good. At this point, I was so full and wanted to leave room for dessert that I had this wrapped as well, good decision, my breakfast the next day was perfect. 

For dessert, I ordered the blueberry konafi which is with lemon verbena ricotta ice cream. Dear America, we are SLEEPING on konafi! It's shredded phyllo dough. Order it next time wherever you go (hopefully at a good place of course), but yum, that blueberry, so robust. lemon verbena ricotta ice cream.... did you just propose to me?? It was that good.

I ended my meal with a Turkish coffee which is like espresso needed its own pick me up. Chris explained you have to let it settle and don't drink the grinds. You don't have to tell me twice. 

It's been a few days since I had this meal, and it's honestly the one thing I'm endlessly raving about to everyone who was asking how my latest Philly trip was. I will gladly make the 2 hour drive with any of my friends that want to go!
My friend had some coupons from Restaurant Week (smart, Zahav, to encourage your RW customers to come back), so off to Old City we went.

I like the airy, open space, and the staff was warm and welcoming right from the start. The beer list is small and unremarkable, but you can try an Israeli lager, and there are lots of interesting cocktails (including the famous lemonade) to choose from. We opted to do the $34 tasting menu, and by end of dinner, I decided it's a total steal. 

Started off with small portions of many different salads. I, jadedly expecting something on par with the salad bar at a falafel place, wasn't too excited, but how wrong I was. Every salad was delicious and different. Even the things that are pretty standard fare, like tabbouleh, seemed new again, with fresh, flavorful ingredients mixed in just the right proportions. I think my favorite was the spaghetti squash and pumpkin seed salad (believe), but the pickled carrots and beets got high marks at our table, too.

Hummus was next. Ho hummus, you say? Not here. This stuff was blended perfectly and served with fluffy, chewy bread and a puddle of rich, fruity olive oil. The Turkish hummus, served warm with butter and garlic...so good, I don't even know what to say.

Haloumi, with its warm goaty cheese, figs and pine nuts, made me think of Tria with a fond smile. The fried cauliflower, salty and crispy on the outside with a minty sauce, really is as good as Yelp says. I think my favorite dish was the sweet persimmons, served with smooth, fatty cheese and bitter shredded cabbage. These contrasting flavors were sublime.

The eggplant vegetarian main dish was raveworthy, too. Baby eggplant was charred and spiced, and it came with lots of tahini and perfectly cooked Egyptian rice. This should be the poster child for hearty, filling vegetarian entrees. My omnivorous friends ate all kinds of animal protein that made me cringe - lamb tongue, cow cheeks, duck hearts (I am only lying about one of those) - and loved it.

They have a good selection of coffee and tea and digestives before dessert, and my mint tea was nice and herby. I had the apple terrine for dessert (perfect) and nibbled on my friends' honey and pine nut thing (delicious) and persimmon cake (delectable).

Throughout the meal, the service was exemplary. It can be hard to get the timing right with multiple courses of small plates, but the meal was paced very well here, and the staff were on it with the water filling, dish replacing, etc. At one point my friend remarked offhand that she wished she had a clean fork to try a different dish, and one appeared within seconds - these guys are good.

My only complaint is that our waiter peaced out after dessert and it took us a long time to get the check and then pay it. I thought about taking off a star for this, but then I thought about those persimmons and couldn't do it. You want a 5 star meal? You got it.
TLDR: come to Zahav, however and whenever you can.


Long version:
I love Zahav. Without having actually dined here, I was in love with Zahav. I'd had some of their stuff that my girlfriend had graciously packed for me when she had dined at the bar (it had taken me a while to forgive her), I had had their hummus numerous times (thanks Dizengoff), started reading the cookbook, stalk Michael Solomonov and a bunch of their chefs regularly on Instagram, and done almost everything other than come here. Not for lack of trying though, but it really is hard to get reservations (with all the fancy awards and number one restaurant in the country tag and what not). The fact that I live less than half a mile away makes me feel guilty sometimes for not trying hard enough.

Fast forward to last night, when a friend of mine was visiting Philly and we were driving to a ramen place. I started talking about this guy named Solomonov, and Zahav, and praising the food so much that I missed a couple of turns. We ended up driving past Zahav and it felt like the perfect sign. We parked, walked up without reservations, and they had 2 open seats at the bar. Just perfect. Or maybe it was my friend's luck (all the way from Michigan).

They started us off with the pickled vegetables which had a really sharp tang and got us hungry(er). We ordered the hummus with the daily topping (some kind of beans + cinnamon ), fried cauliflower, lamb merguez and branzino. Now I've had their hummus, so I patiently waited while my friend had one bite and looked at me in wonder (special wondrous eyes when he saw and ate the bread/laffa). I've also had the cauliflower, so I waited again while he had a bite and didn't have any words to express how he was really feeling. I almost felt like a proud father. Next came the merguez and it was my turn to have a bite and sigh, glad that I could still feel this. Soft, succulent minced lamb sausage that will blow you away. The branzino felt a little underwhelming but it could be because we had it after the merguez, and also the temperature could have been a tad higher, but I'm just nitpicking. The lamb and the fish also came with a rice pilaf, which again was one of the most delicious rice items I've had, and it didn't even have any meat in it. Service was amazing considering we were at the bar - I even got some dishes to go, because I knew the person waiting at home would be less than thrilled to hear just stories about the food.

We couldn't not order dessert (FOMO) and we got the apple cake. I wish I could have noted down all its components to fairly describe its beauty, but it was a small, moist cake that came with cardamom ice cream, slices of candied something and small pearls whose flavor I can't quite describe. I'd suggest this dessert if you're feeling full (which you should be after eating here) and want something light.

So yeah, I ate at Zahav and will be coming back again, soon. I feel almost emotional writing this because it really feels like the people here care about making your experience a memorable one. I've been waiting for months to come here, and now it feels oddly depressing that I can't have my first dining experience here again. Forget the James Beard awards and all the hype, come here just for the amazing food and you will leave with a smile.
The problem with Restaurant Week...well there are many problems...but the one that most often cause me to pass on this biannual feeding-frenzy is the scaled-down, shadow-of-its-usual-glory, micro-menus that so many restaurants offer to satisfy the precribed $35 set price for dinner.  While the best justification to partake is a chance to try a restaurant that you wouldn't normally splurge on for a reasonable cost, what's the point if the menu doesn't really reflect what made them famous in the first place (and don't get me started on the snooty "Oh, you only want the RW menu?" attitude so many servers display)?

Fortunately, not only does Zahav not suffer from this failing, but Michael Solomonov's modern Middle Eastern gem treats RWers like they are future Zahav regulars.  What a refreshing breath of air!

I've been wanting to try Zahav for a couple of years now (my only excuse for not having done so is the lack of BYOB), and 4 of us, all Zahav newbies, finally did this past Saturday evening.

In contrast to most restaurants, during RW Zahav forgoes their regular menu for a special RW-only menu.  But this menu is exactly the same as their regular "Tay-Im" (Taste of Zahav) tasting, for which you are served 5 courses for $35 instead of the standard $39 (same food for less, how's that for a novel RW concept?!?!?!):

1) For the table, Hummus, fresh out of the wood-fired oven Laffa Bread, and a selection of 6 or 7 small "salads" and pickled vegetables -- as many have said, the hummus is to die for (although Zareen S thought Varga Bar's version was better), and I loved the Korean BBQ-esque small snacks to graze on

2) A choice of two of twelve different "Mezze" appetizers -- Crispy Haloumi with date paste and a julienned fruit salad, a variation on one of Zahav's signatures, was a crispy grilled cheese-lover's daydream; and OMG, the Fried Cauliflower would turn a carnivore into a vegan!  However, I thought the Sweetbread Schnitzel was so crispy that it distracted from actually tasting the sweetbread, and the stuffed large grapeleaves were disconcertingly tough.

3) One of eight kebabs -- Moroccan Chicken, served with Almond bulgur, matbutcha and a soft-fried egg, wonderfully spiced, sticks out in my mind

4) And finally, one of four desserts -- "Rugelach", a bowl of several bite-sized bowtie pastries stuffed with Hazelnut praline and date puree were great with coffee

With four of us, we were actually able to sample of wide variety of choices from the menu (I'm only mentioning a few personal highlights above), which are served as small plates suitable for sharing by 2-4.  We also enjoyed several of the offered cocktails, of which I loved the Lemonana (Jim Beam, muddled mint, fresh lemon, verbena).

Service was well-paced (the entire meal taking ~2 1/2 hours), with even a personal escort to the bathroom (LOL, I bet you do that for all the cute gals), although 2 of us received each other's drinks by mistake.  At the end of the meal, the manager stopped by and seemed to take a real interest in how we enjoyed our meal, sincerity that impressed us.  Attractively designed, with roomy and well-spaced tables, but a very energetic decibel level at the start (6PM) that seemed to drop to a more reasonable level after an hour.  Easy parking a couple of blocks away at Ritz East theatre (and there are always cabs available out front).

It was also nice to see the Chef Solo actually working in the kitchen (visible through glass windows, the window-front high top stools look like a great view), unlike many successful chefs.

Is Zahav a 4-Bell, as Craig LaBan anointed them?  As good as Bibou, better than Blackfish?  Well, it probably depends on what you like, and how open you are to "peasant food" being the equal of French-inspired fine dining.  After one visit, I have a hard time saying Zahav reaches that level, but I definitely plan to go back and peruse more of their menu (especially the roast lamb shoulder that so many rave about).

Slainte!
Boom! Lamb Shoulder! It happened!

We hopped on the bandwagon early for Lamb Shack month and managed to snag a reservation (pretty sure they were booked for the whole month in like, 1 day). All of February is a prix fixe menu with the famous lamb shoulder. Per usual, it was a never-ending feast for the senses. Standouts included the chicken sausage, which was really surprising, and the sweetbreads. The staff handled everything very well, including being very accommodating and thoughtful for a guest who is lactose intolerant.

Nitpicks: they were trying to rush us through the meal. You cannot rush a feast of these proportions. Also, stop trying to take away my mesibah! Those are the best part and I like to savor them and combine them with different dishes throughout the meal. The lamb shoulder itself, while good, was a somewhat small portion for 6 people and not the massive hunk I've seen in Yelp photos (which, considering the amount of food in general wasn't so terrible) but sadly it was also mostly fat. Don't get me wrong, I love a fatty piece of meat, but when there's more fat than meat it's kind of a problem. The glaze was delicious, though, and I could eat that Persian rice every day.

Tl;dr - maybe you don't need to go out of your way for the lamb shoulder, and maybe you're better off getting it sometime outside of Lamb Shack month. I think I prefer their standard select-your-own tasting menu, because when you order the lamb you don't get to pick the items for the other courses.
Years after being a regular at Zahav and then moving away, I came back to Philly to find this sacred Old City food temple to be just as fantastic as I remember it. Worried I'd be the victim to high expectations unmet, I cozied up to the bar and found the cocktails are just as amazing as I remember them, the hummus and laffa is the best my life has ever had and the service is similarly as pleasant and smart. 

I pretty much managed to sum up my experience in the first paragraph, but in case you're wondering what my favorites might have been, I started by ordering the restaurant's darling cocktail, the Lemonnana and followed that up with one (and then another) Desert Rose (gin, hibiscus, grapefruit, cucumber). Both cocktails are fantastic, but the second one really satisfied the well-balanced, fruit cocktail lover in me. 

As for the food, we didn't eat much, but the Hummus-masbacha (hummus with warm chickpeas) is a game changer. You'll compare every inferior hummus you've ever had with their superb rendition. Then there's the laffa that served alongside. This on its own crushes any bread that ever did happen. After Zahav laffa... well, there is no after. Whether it's to snag a seat at the small bar or go all out for dinner, and regardless of whether you're a vegan or carnivore, Zahav does certainly satisfy.
Yep.  It sure does live up to the hype.

Decor:  classy - nice flooring and cool light fixtures
Service:  GREAT!  Hostess was pretty and not too icy, Chef was welcoming, servers wore cute Hebrew-emblazonned Coca Cola Tees.

Food:  Sublime!

The 4 types of hummus (we tried 2 - the one with a glob of Chick peas in the center and the Buttery one served warm which was just heavenly)

DOn't miss the salad sampler - so yummy.  8 types of cold veggie salads.

The Sabra chicken and the lamb skewers were tender and terrific.  Perfectly prepared.  The jeweled rice that accompanied the lamb was a treat.

The "old school" and "new school" phyllo desserts were terrific, too.

We did spend a bundle through - $290 (incl. tip) for 4 adults and a 3 year old who just picked off our plates.
high expectations were met! we dined at zahav last night and i still feel that warmth in my belly. to start with the atmosphere is great, a big airy high ceilinged dining room with a visible wood fire and a kitchen with a bar of seats in front of it, seperated only by a nice sheet of glass, very cool. now the food, we ordered the turkish hummus, all the hummus comes with awesome fresh hot laffa.  balkan style mackeral,chopped liver,raw kibbe naya, crispy haloumi, crispy moroccan cigars ( these were so good) , fried cauliflower, jerusalem grill, and the sabra which is young chicken with sumac onions over the softest cous cous ive ever had. we ended the meal with turkish coffee. there is also a nice beer selection (small but good ) and a really cool cocktail menu. they could get famous just for the hot bread and hummus but thankfully thats not the only thing on the menu. i would go back today!  if it stays this good, which i think it will, i'll be a regular.

p.s. i didnt mention that this is probably the single best tasting chicken i have ever had. seriously, i gave it alot of thought.
AH-MAZE-ING!

Thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I echo the other sentiments and highly recommend the tasting menu. As a vegetarian, the options are endless!

The restaurant is located towards Old City and depending on when you're dining, you could luck out with street parking. I ended up parking just a block away since it was a fairly tolerable night weather wise. 

We started off with the salatim - a "deconstructed" salad of sorts. There were six separate options served along with house made hummus (seasoned with paprika) and laffa bread. Each item was exceptionally flavorful and the utilization of ingredients was unique and unexpected (in the best way possible)! A few options I enjoyed from the starter course were the carrots marinated in Moroccan spices, and the pickled eggplant.

The menu was extensive, and I don't want to ruin all the surprises in a review but highly encourage all to check this place out! A few highlights I would mention is the charred brussel sprouts served on top of baba ghanoush - just scrumptious, the  cauliflower dish with a herb yogurt sauce - again a home run, and the baklava dessert cake ! 

The flavors are spot on and you don't get tired of anything. As an aside, the wait list is long (and usually booked out for 2 months) so definitely get your name in now and look forward to what's in store! Each dish is made with precision and care, and since there are just so many different flavors being offered, the experience never gets dull! I wish I could give this place more stars!
I can see why this place won an award for No 1 restaurant in the country! But if you're hoping to try to and see it for yourself, you're going to have a really long wait. This place is booked out months. 

This place isn't going to be the fanciest or the most expensive restaurant in the area. It's just going to have phenomenal food and amazing service for an overall amazing experience. 

I came with two friends and we shared everything. We ordered the Daily Toppings Hummus to start. We all leaves the rich creamy texture. Unfortunately the Laffa served with it is just not enough for the portion of Hummus. I think having one more piece would have been perfect. But it was warm and delicious. 

For the Al Ha'esh course we ordered one of each: lamb, chicken and steak. These were all absolutely amazing. Especially the lamb. Even my friend who was hesitant and didn't like lamb before loved these. They all have amazing flavor combinations that you won't find anywhere else. Weirdly when we told the server that we would be sharing the 3 amongst ourselves, they only brought out 1 portion of rice pilaf? So if we had all just ordered individually we would have gotten three portions of rice? We were very confused by this. 

Besides the weird portions (which I hope they fix) this place was great and I'm already planing on who I'm taking next here.
What can I say that others have not already said?  If people could only go to one restaurant in Philadelphia, and they asked me which one it should be, I think Zahav would be a fierce competitor.  Why?  Because it's something different - there is nothing else like it in the city.  Because it introduces you to tastes and foods you didn't know you liked.  Because it's so flavorful that you can get full on the hummus and salatim alone.

I can't say enough about how delicious this place is.  I always wish for a second stomach when I go.  Occasionally a third.  

You are really, truly missing out if you skip Zahav.
Perhaps the best meal I have had in my life.  It was so good that I don't even know where to begin with this.

First, we got the desert rose cocktails.  They were highly refreshing on a humid evening, and perfectly mixed.  Later, I went non-alcoholic with the mint lemonade which was also perfect and refreshing.

We ordered the Mesibah, which is the tasting menu that comes with the slow-cooked lamb shoulder.  You do not get to pick your mezze plates with it, but they are extremely accommodating and make sure they don't send you something you would like.  Every single thing we ate was delicious.  Every.Thing.  The hummus and pita is to die for.  Their hummus is just perfectly smooth, not bitter, and just lovely.  

All of the salatim was amazing.  I really did not expect to like things like a beet salad, moroccan carrots, or radish salad, but it was all delicious.  I am really not a fan of beets, and their beet salad was perfectly seasoned and delicious.  

For the mezze, we were given the house-smoked sable, fried cauliflower, and crispy haloumi.  I'm not a big raisins fan, and the Haloumi came served with raisins.  Never fear.  Somehow they were tasty and a perfect accompaniment to the cheese.  

The lamb was delightful.  Tender, bursting with flavor, and a true pleasure to eat.  By the time it got to us, we were pretty full, but were still able to enjoy some if it before we had to give up.  The lamb portion was HUGE.  They essentially gave us a mountain of meat.  Never fear, they let us take the leftovers home.

I can't tell you exactly what we had for dessert, other than that it was delicious.  By the time we left, I was pretty full but not on the verge of explosion, which I appreciated.  As a word to the wise, I think they will send out more hummus and pita if you ask for it.  I recommend resisting that urge so you can get through and enjoy the rest of your meal.

The next day, we went to reheat the lamb and discovered (to our delight) that they had removed all of the bones for us.  The lamb was still amazing the next day, and it provided us with a delicious, filling, second meal from Zahav.  

This restaurant is delicious and unique.  Sure, it is pricey, but you won't feel like you're getting hosed.  Go here!
A transplant to Philly after having lived and dined often in Chicago, maybe my expectations are set too high when I hear of a restaurant being "fantastic", "one of the best in the city", or "a five star".  But, I don't understand why all the buzz about Zahav.  

The food was very average, and some of it way off.  The ideas sound good on the menu but the execution is just lacking.  The proportions of ingredients on the plate were out of balance and there was not enough contrast between flavors.  A big disappointment all the way around. 

It started off with a bowl of marinated veggies brought to the table that were so lacking in flavor, it seemed a bad warning sign.  I was waiting for some kind of out of sight hummus to make it worthy of costing twice that of any other restaurant, but no, I make better hummus in my own kitchen.  The cauliflower small plate and squash small plate were really great, nice texture, a little zip of olive here a little refreshing dill there.  The chicken liver was a nice consistency, but it needed another tart note on the toast.  I think they were going for that with the bland carrot but failed.  

Sable is my favorite fish, but the quality of this sable was so lacking.  (I have noticed in many New York markets that the quality of sable has been very high and low over the past year, and fish mongers have agreed.  Given that, it seems a better bet to me to just not serve this dish on the nights when you cannot get better quality in.  Who wants to eat sable when it isn't buttery goodness the fish is so loved for?)   Also, the size of the challah out carbed anything else on the plate and made the whole dish a big fail.  

The doma was choke-on-it dry, with an inky after taste that felt like a mistake and needed lots of water to wash out of my mouth.  There were other dishes that I am just forgetting because they were so unmemorable.  Our meal was such a nothing that although I had room for dessert, I wasn't inspired to order it.  

The service waved between very attentive to trying to clear dishes we had not yet finished - that happened three times.  It wouldn't hurt the staff to crack a smile or chat with patrons a bit either. 

In the end, I'm really glad I didn't bring out of towners here but tried it first myself.  Philly has earned a reputation as a new up and coming restaurant city and Zahav is often included on the list of bests.  I have no idea why.
I feel honored, no privileged, to have had multiple experiences at Zahav over the course of the last decade. It's absolutely an honor that Zahav won the coveted James Beard award for Best Restaurant in the Country 3 years in a row; however, it just makes it harder to get in. 

There are "tricks" in getting a reservation, but you won't learn them from me. I'd still like to get my shot every once and a while! 

We were able to score a table with a few days advance notice in the 7pm hour and decided to deem that an official celebration dinner. On the reservation, there is an option to fill out the occasion. When my reservation was being confirmed, they asked for the name of the guest of honor. That special care carried through the entire meal starting with a special welcome, a customized menu and a birthday candle.

We had a table for two in the main bar room. I've always eaten in the side rooms, so I was slightly disappointed at first. The good vibes of the room and killer jams quickly changed my mind. The view of Independence Hall was an added bonus of the main room- absolutely gorgeous! 

Our server and rest of the dining room staff were nothing but professional and attentive the entire evening. They were top notch in curating an excellent experience. 

So, I know that the tasting menu is the good deal, but coming off a big eating weekend, we didn't want to completely gorge ourselves. We picked our dishes to portion control nicely. In the end of the day, we ended up paying about the same as the tasting menu, so next time I'll try the self-control or leftover route instead. We ordered a small salatim, the Tehina with the daily topping (eggplant), three mezze (fried cauliflower, Moroccan carrots an brussels sprouts), the lamb merguez, chocolate konafi and blood orange sorbet. 

To date, there are over 2,800 reviews so I won't go into every intricate detail but being able to dine at Zahav is just one of those great culinary and atmospheric experiences. It is like the Disneyworld for foodies, or something equally as major. 

Good luck getting in; just don't steal my table.
Oy. For a second I thought I was in The Chinese Restaurant episode of Seinfeld. Not really because we were waiting all that long, but because everybody in here was an old Jewish person making Seinfeld references.

That may be expected at an Israeli restaurant, but the groups of lame old people complaining about the food being too spicy didn't quite fit in with the very hip, trendy atmosphere and the old school hip-hop music playing. Funnily enough, as my wife mentioned to the waitress that she enjoyed the music while California Love by 2Pac was playing, she told us that people complain about the music here all the time.

Anyway, I was excited to try this place after seeing repeated mentions of it being one of the best restaurants in all of Philly. We ordered a bunch of the small plates and mezze and had an excellent meal:

- Salatim with Hummus and Laffa ($20 for small size)
This consists of a selection of 8 small "salads", or little servings of vegetarian stuff. These were ok, but next time I would instead try a couple different types of hummus instead, as the Hummus-Tehina (the standard flavor) was great. The Laffa is made to order, so it comes out hot and fresh. You will definitely want to ask for more to finish up all the Salatim and hummus with.

- Fried Potatoes ($8)
These were like a delicious, Israeli take on Patatas Bravas. My only complaint was the pool of oil left in the bowl, as these were pretty rich.

- House Smoked Sable ($9)
This was one of the best bites of the meal. It consists of some sable and a runny egg on top of some challah bread. That description alone should be enough to convince you that you must try this.

- Kofte ($10)
Some pretty good meat. These were some very flavorful little meatballs that were well-seasoned and very satisfying.

- Lamb Merguez ($12)
More good meat, but very similar to the Kofte. I'm thinking maybe I should've gone with some fish to switch it up.

- Chicken Shishlik ($10)
This was definitely the best of the mezze, as it was the most substantial and had more variety - instead of just the meat and some purée or sauce, this one came with some delicious little brussels sprouts and some rice. This was like a dish unto itself, unlike the others which were more meaty.

- Carrot Basboosa ($8)
None of the desserts really jumped out at me, but I knew we had to try something. The waitress described this as an Israeli version of carrot cake, which was a pretty good call. This dessert was really great - it had a beautiful presentation, with the excellent spongy cake on top of the smeared, thick, rich cream cheese frosting. This is definitely worth ordering.

As a testament to the excellent service here, they also brought us out a complimentary Tehina Semifreddo for dessert since we were celebrating my birthday. This was also an excellent way to end the meal - it consisted of hot, flaky puff pastry a top some delicious, cool ice cream and some fruity type of jam. I'm not sure if this one is on the menu, but it should be.

The service was perfect, the food was great and the atmosphere was lively and fun (aside from the crusty old people). I'm not sure if it's the best restaurant in Philly, but it's up there with some of the great meals I've had in the city.
Damn you Zahav - you've given me a reason to go back to Old City. 

There is no way I can impart just how good their hummus is, its like all the other hummus I've eaten was made from a rumor of what it really should taste like. This is the stuff. 

We had a bunch of appetizers which were all amazing. They also have some signature drinks with are delicious and not as cheesy as say the color drinks at Pod.

I swear, if all the food in Israel is this good, I'd join a kibbutz tomorrow.

Thanks to Zeke and Jenny for introducing us to this place. I am already lining up a sitter so C and I can go back for a full dinner.
I've been to Zahav a couple of times now and it never ceases to amaze me. Quite honestly the dish that always hits home for me are the duck hearts. They've surely changed up the menu from time to time with different ingredients and variations... but they always have duck hearts.

I'm a major fan of what's happening at Zahav. Some of the ingredients may be a bit difficult for people to swallow because the certain cuts of meat or texture. However, I implore you to step out of your boundaries and indulge on the culture, textures, ingredients, and spices that will expand your vastness for tastes. The portions of the salatim and dishes such as the lamb shoulder suggest a family style meal.

If you're going as a large party, I highly recommend the lamb shoulder (call days ahead of time). This dish is large, limited, and lives up to expectation.

Zahav is one of a kind. There aren't too many places that are willing to explore the traditional approaches and ingredients used for these dishes. If you're looking for a restaurant to eat at for restaurant week then I highly recommend this Zahav. It is one of the few restaurants during r-week to feature their original menu.
This is one of the best meals I've ever had.  Israeli cuisine, for the win!

The space instantly transports you to Jerusalem, it's so lovely.  The lights, the stone work, the stained glass all create an atmosphere somewhere far away from Philly.  The fact that it's raised on a hillside helps support the illusion.

The menu is predominately small plates meant for sharing, and it's very well curated.  Before I even had a chance to see what I could eat, our server asked if we had any dietary restrictions.  Why yes, I do!  When I told him I was vegan, he was so happy to accommodate me, it gave me that warm tingly feeling.  So often, I feel like I putting people out, but he made it his job to make sure I had a fantastic meal, and that I did.

Sam and I agree on very few things when it comes to food, but our mutual love of hummus will bond us for life.  We opted for the classic Hummus-Tehina with laffa and were absolutely floored.  I could wax poetically about that luscious, creamy hummus and the fresh, warm bread for an hour if you let me, but I'll spare you.  It was the best.

Next we shared the fried cauliflower, which was excellent.  It wasn't heavy like you'd expect something fried to be, but light, crispy, and hot, with that meaty texture you can get when cauliflower is treated right.  Instead of yogurt, our server suggested it be tossed with tehina, and it was great.  I love when a restaurant doesn't just leave things off to make it vegan, but reworks it a bit so you have an equally delicious dish.

Then Sam and I went our separate ways, and I had the spiced eggplant while he opted for the kofte.  I don't usually seek out eggplant and I tend not to cook with it at home, but this was spectacular.  Grilled eggplant topped with a creamy garlic tehina and harissa, over black lentils, it was so flavorful with just the right amount of spice.  I cleaned my plate and was so sad when it was over.

Sam enjoyed his kofte, which looked like two meatballs over top a thick, chunky orange sauce.  While I had more than enough to eat, he probably could've used another plate of food.  What can I say, veggies and fiber go a long way!

You might've noticed that each of my dishes featured tehina, but by some magic, each presentation was completely different from the last.  While my calcium intake skyrocketed by the influx of sesame, my taste buds were kept entertained.

My server warned me that my options would be limited, but I had such a feast, and I didn't even eat everything I could have!  If anyone in your party has a dietary restriction, bring them here.  The service and the food will make everyone so happy.
We heard this was the best restaurant in Philly so we made an effort to come on our most recent work trip. We never plan trips far enough in advance to get a reservation. 

After doing research, we arrived around 4:15 to get a spot at the bar. We were second in line, but it was also a rainy gross day. Luckily, they let us in early at 4:45. 

 We all decided to do the Tayim (taste of Zahav). This starts out with Salatim (a selection of vegetable salads) and the daily hummus which came with lamb for us. This was probably my favorite part of the meal. I can't remember everything we got, but it was all very good. 

You then get to pick four mezzes (small plates). There were four of us, so we tried one of each. The Haloumi in Kataifi was my favorite. I enjoyed most of them though. 

We each got one Al Ha'esh and we tried Lamb Merguez, Crimini Mushrooms, Chicken Shishlik, and Branzino. The chicken and the sauce on the Branzino were my favorite. 

The dessert was a little weird because we were just brought four desserts without getting to pick. Because of that, I don't really remember what they were exactly. There was some kind of apple cake, a blood orange sorbet, a custard, and a chocolate cake. Everyone's favorite was the apple cake. I also enjoyed the blood orange sorbet. 

They also give you some bonus treats: roasted chick peas when you arrive and a cookie to go. The service was really good. 

Overall, I thought it was a good meal and fairly priced ($48 for a ton of food). I would say I don't think it quite lives up to the hype of waiting for an hour and being the best place in Philly though.
Incredible.

This was just one of those dining experiences you just don't forget. Came here for an early bird dinner at 5:30pm, mostly due to the lack of availability. This actually worked out well, because we enjoyed the abundance of natural light in the restaurant. Our waiter was very attentive, friendly and even comical at times. He challenged us to eat the entire lamb shoulder, which he claimed had never been done before. Hoookay.

Ummm, also, how have I never had Turkish hummus before? The warmed hummus we got was so silky and buttery, I just had an incredulous look on my face as I was eating it. We ordered the lamb shoulder prix fixe, which is usually only for parties of 4, but you can get it for 2, at the expense of a couple mezze. So yeah, we definitely hit that one hard. 

The lamb was fall-off-the-bone delicious, and the fried cauliflower with mint and labneh was delicious. We also ordered the crispy haloumi, which we were assured came directly from Cyprus, because apparently that's a thing. We ate about half the lamb and got the rest to go. The lamb kept very well and we actually made pulled lamb tacos the next day. Holy moly. 

We also watched Michael Solomonov come out the kitchen, and shear some grilled foie gras tableside at one of our neighboring tables. While it looked delicious, we just couldn't imagine eating anymore.

Dessert was very good. We got the konafi, and the almond chocolate cake. Chocolate cake was very good and the almond flavor was unreal.

Yeahhh, you need to go here. I will be back, even for that early bird dinner.
This place is really hard to get reservations.  They don't pick up their phone much and opentable "next available" was almost 2months out.  However after playing around out of sheer luck got in Sun at 7:30pm for 3.  Weirdly had I had put 2 or 4 no dice.

Ambiance:  Tucked away off the street. It's ethnic appearing but not overbearingly so.  Music was top 40s type.  

Service:  BEST serve staff hands down I've ever seen.  Our water must have been refilled at least15x, table top cleaned 4x and checked in countless times.  Staff seems authentically Israelian

Food:  We did the tasting menu for $45/person and do not regret it at all
#Salatim- daily selection of salad.  Unique assortment of:  eggplant, beets, bean sprouts, almonds/spinach, sour cabbage.    This was amazingly interesting and new to the palate

#Hummus- Tehina was amazeballs.  I think best and smoothest I've ever had.

#Small plates- recommend the fried kibbe (lam/beef ball) asparagus with soft eggs and smoked salmon.  Good portion and savory.  The grilled duck hearts was a little bit gamey for me.  Fried cauliflower was a bit salty and pedestrian.

#Large plates- liked the lamb/beef kofte and sirloin shishlik.  Cooked just right and great hearty taste.  Portion slightly small.  Skip the crimini mushrooms they were super small and way too salty. 

#Dessert:  Apricot custard- not too sweet nice light taste.  I really liked the pistachio cake super moist.  The strawberry sorbet was light and refreshing.  

It was our anniversary and we got free glasses of champagne which was super classy.  Overall we had an amazing time trying all these delightful novel culinary delicacies.  Great unique foods with fantastic service.  Next time we return will try the lamb.
I have been to Zahav 4 times now, and I just had to update my experience because this time it wasn't as good, noticeably not as good.

The sable on challah with the soft-boiled egg was off.  The sable was cold, the challah was burnt a bit, and the egg was room-temperature.  The sable was a little saltier than I remember.  This used to be my favorite.

Many of the brussels sprouts were a little burnt also.

The koftes, which I had not had before, were exremely dense and chewy, and flavorless.  The sauce was ok, however.

The Lemonnada (sp?) cocktail tasted like lemonade.  If there was any booze in it at all, I couldn't taste it.

We sat next to the silverware/water station.  A restaurant of this caliber that seats what, 100? should not even have a table that close.  I had the "hot seat" so my shoulder was inches from each employee that used the station.  It was nerve-wracking and stupid.

I hope that it was just an off night for them, but it was Friday, so they should have been at the top of their game.
Zahav is amazing!  So amazing, in fact, that I ate there tonight and I'm online writing this review now.

Some friends and I stopped in this evening for an early dinner.  Our reservation was for four people, but between booking the reservation and actually getting there we invited another friend.  We were a bit worried about them allowing the change, but the hostess assured us that it was not a problem.  We were seated at a corner table, and Michael, our super friendly and attentive waiter came over to introduce himself.

Zahav serves family style tapas, so we all ordered different dishes and shared.  We started with the Salatim and Turkish hummus.  The Salatim was a cold salad sampler...very good.  But Honey, that hummus.  That hummus, I said!   It literally melts in your mouth. I need to find out where they sell that hummus, because I'd make it at home and try to pass it off as my own.    YUM!  Ok, Ok, I also ordered the Crispy Haloumi, which is this fried cheese - it's really good.  I also ordered the Fried Kibbe with Tahini, which is kind of like a lamb turnover - also good.  I'm not going to sit here and try to remember everything that everyone ordered - everything was DELICIOUS, but there were a few standouts.

1.  The Turkish Hummus (which was previously stated, but I just had to say it again)
2. The Fried Cauliflower, which is lightly fried and served with a yummy yogurt sauce.
3. The Sweetbread Schnitzel - which is made of melt-in-your-mouth veal.
4.  For dessert, I ordered the Cashew Baklava.  Honey, that baklava was everything that baklava should be.  It was sweet, with a flaky crust and served with a white chocolate mousse. Simply perfect!

The service was also great.  Michael was ON IT.  He made entree suggestions, which were really useful.  The staff is great, our glasses were always promptly refilled, and dirty plates were taken in a timely manner.

I cannot wait to go back to Zahav.  Seriously, I've only been once, and it's now one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. We all LOVED our food, and you know that's rare for a group.  Zahav is definitely a breath of fresh air!
Because I am a chronic malcontent, I hesitate to give anything five stars  - but my recent experience at Zahav was perfect on every count.

I went with a small group and had the Ta'yim (aka prix fixe, aka fixed price) meal.  Among the plates we ordered were:

- Hummus: Best I've ever had. . . creamy and flavorful.  I didn't think hummus could be this good.

- Salatim:  Essentially 8 or so small salad type items (spicy chickpeas, beets, pickled curiosities) designed to be manhandled with a pita.   Tasty.

- Crispy Haloumi: UNBELIEVABLE.  The sheep's milk cheese almost had the consistency of meat.  The flavors of the cheese juxtaposed perfectly with the datey/figgy jam beneath.  

- Fried Cauliflower: Sounds boring, right?  Wrong yo.  So much spicy flavor packed into these little guys that you wouldn't believe it.  A winner and a must-order. 

- Kibbe Naya (Raw Ground Lamb): One of the more adventurous plates.  Had the consistency of a raw hamburger.  Well-spiced and delicious.  

- Basturma with Pickled Garlic: Apparently Zahav air-cures their own beef!  I never realized that a piece of meat could have such a complex flavor profile.  I never realized that a piece of meat could give everyone at the table multiple orgasms!   It had a looong finish (yes, a finish) comparable to that of an 89 Haut Brion.  My favorite part of the meal.  

- Salmon Gravlax:  Raw salmon.  It was lox on steroids.  I was a little underwhelmed by this one.  I expected more creativity here.  Skip this.

-  Jerusalem Grill: Ever eaten a duck testicle?  A rabbit's heart?  I have.  And you can too if you go to Zahav and order this dish.  

- Monsieur Marguez: Lamb sausage.  Quite a treat.  By this point in the meal, I was full and tipsy.  

- The Sabra: Young chicken.  I was promised great things, and it was good, but I would probably skip it next time.  I don't remember too much about this one.

- The Jaffa (Braised Branzino): Didn't expect much from this one, but it ended up being a highlight.  It was so perfectly executed that one couldn't help but to love the hell out of this fishy.

-  For dessert, get the Konafi.  If you must deviate, get the baklava.  Don't bother with any others.  These two are golden.

- With dessert, I recommend the surprisingly good Moorish Coffee or a plain ol' Turkish coffee.  I opted for the Turkish coffee, and haven't had a full night's sleep since.  Potent, yummy...

We clearly went with a lot of the meatier, heavier selections... so we went red wine and had the Ken Forrester Pinotage.  . . whatever the newest vintage is.  I was impressed by the versatility of this wine, though it wasn't as brilliant and round as the last vintage.  

The service was absolutely top notch.  Our server was clever and informative, and was only there when we needed him to be.  

Firmly within the top 5 best dining experiences I've had in Philadelphia.
The hummus here is the best hummus I have ever had... and I've been to both Israel and Greece! It's the perfect consistency and doesn't taste too bitter or too sweet. Plus the flatbread they give you for dipping is also delicious. 

If you're looking for a place that has unique tastes and gives you a friendly, ethnic (middle eastern) dining atmosphere, you MUST go to Zahav. I went during restaurant week and we got lots of food for a great price, but I'd go here anytime I have friends in town that I want to impress, or if I'm looking to splurge on something tasty before seeing a movie at the Ritz East. 

Two things you must eat - 
* the appetizer sampler (not sure what it's called on the menu) because it is full of amazing little salads made with several delicious ingredients like beets, cucumbers, peppers, and more. 
* the fried cauliflower because it tastes like a french fry and the sauce they garnish it with is amazing

The rest all depends on what you're in the mood for - there's a lot of variety on the menu. And it's served tapas-style with small portions, so you can share things and not limit yourself to one meal. 

All in all this is a GREAT place, and I'm glad Philadelphia magazine recognized that!
Well I went here as part of a large dining enthusiast group (Thanks again Foodie Mike for letting me tag along with the food-ie group!) so we were treated to the party dining area which was beautifully decorated with a sort of Moroccan feel, but not overly done. My only complaint about it was that with a large group of 16 in a pretty small area, it got pretty hot and muggy in there quickly, but the waiters attending to us were quick to refill glasses with nice cold ice water. 

We stopped at the bar on the way in and sampled a few drinks. I am not sure the specialty cocktails they have going are hitting the mark. All of the ones I tried were not to my liking but then that is personal preference. But the bartender was a really nice guy and was quick so that no one was left standing idle by the bar for too long. 

Upon entering our little oasis we were greeted by the manager who explained their party time menu and what they had in store for us. Every dish that came out was very good, I enjoyed sampling just about every hot and cold appetizer on the menu. Every time something new was placed before us the waiters made sure to explain what it was and what made up the dish. My favorite had to be the crispy haloumi - which was sheep cheese that was fried and served with dates & pine nuts. Yum! 

After stuffing ourselves on these tasty morsels we moved on to the main dishes. We were served the two large slow roasted lamp shoulders, two plates of fish wrapped in grape leaves (which was filleted table-side), and a couple of whole roasted chickens. All of these were brought into us and show off for a tasty tease then taken away momentarily to be plated and served. I was so stuffed that I only made it to the lamb which was incredibly tender and equally tasty. I heard lots of raving about the chicken and the only complain about the fish I heard was that it was gone too quickly.

Now that we had passed from dining into gluttony you would think we were done, but oh no, the desserts soon arrived. We got to sample every dessert on their menu and I think a few that were not. Once again the only complaint I heard from the group was that there wasn't more to go around. 

All in all I had a really good time. I got to eat wonderful food in a beautiful restaurant that I have been dying to try for a while, and I got to meet new people who were all very friendly and cool. We shared great food and some wonderful conversation. What more could you ask for on a Friday night?
The gf and I had been doing the tourist thing all day and by the time of our 6pm reservations for Zahav on a Monday night, we were pretty famished.  We arrived a few minutes early in order to sample some of their cocktails at the bar.  It was obvious the place is doing something right as we grabbed the last two open seats at the bar and we noted the dining room was already half full at 5:30pm.  I had the Our Midtown Roots ($12) made with Bulleit Rye, sassafras, and vanilla.  Bourbony goodness with subtle sweetness, root beer and vanilla notes, it was as good as it sounds.

We were seated at a two-top in the middle of the dining room.  Tables were packed in tight, NY-style, which wasn't really a problem and it did allow us to see what others were having while we looked over the menu.  I was very familiar with cuisine from the region, but I was definitely interested in what comprised modern Israeli cuisine.  We decided on the Mesibah Tasting Menu ($48/person), which came with Salatim (a selection of salads), Hummus, and Laffa (a type of bread); the Chef's Selection of Mezze (we received Sweetbreads with chickpea, sesame passion fruit amba...Fried Cauliflower with labaneh with chive, dill, mint, and garlic...and Kibbe Naya or raw lamb with oyster mushrooms, allspice, and black harissa); 1/2 of a roasted lamb shoulder; and Dessert (we had the Konafi...ricotta, apples and labaneh ice cream...and the Peanut Baklava with chocolate-coffee ice cream and sour cherry).  Accompanying our meal, I had another cocktail, the Desperado ($12), a reposado tequila based drink with iris, tonic, and saffron.  It was refreshing, tasty, and very well made, but I'm a bourbon guy and I preferred my Our Midtown Roots over the Desperado.  By the time our food began arriving at our table, the restaurant and bar was packed.

The salads and hummus were very well done, the laffa was warm, fluffy and obviously fresh, but they were merely preludes to the really exciting stuff.  The sweetbreads were flavorful and clean.  The girlfriend commented that they were the best-executed and best tasting sweetbreads she'd had.  While anything may taste good fried, the fried cauliflower was crispy and surprisingly light contrasting nicely with the tart herbed yogurt.  It made me wish all cauliflower tasted like this.  I love lamb and I love a good tartare.  The kibbe naya excelled in equal parts due to the quality of the meat and the harissa and allspice.  The pièce de résistance was the generous portion of roasted lamb shoulder.  Served with a pair of tongs with which to grab and tear off pieces of the tender, juicy, and flavorful lamb flesh, the meat tore away easily and practically melted in your mouth.  Like I said, I love lamb and without exaggeration, this was arguably the best tasting lamb I've ever had.   At the risk of bursting like a water balloon, I sampled both desserts.  They were both surprisingly light, sweet but not cloying, and really an enjoyable close to our meal. 

I highly recommend getting the Mesibah Tasting Menu.  It really was too much food for my girlfriend and me (although we did clean our plates since we couldn't take it with us back to the hotel), but it would be perfect for 3-4.  While it may seem pricey, the amount of amazingly high quality, delicious food you get for the price makes it one of the best values I've found.  If you do decide on the Mesibah, get there early in the dinner service or call and reserve it in advance since they only make a limited amount of the lamb shoulder per day.

I thank (or blame) Anthony Bourdain.  If not for him, I wouldn't have heard of Zahav and been wowed by its amazing and plentiful food, solid cocktails, and excellent service.  Why the blame?  I'm saddened by the thought that I don't live in Philadelphia and won't be able to make Zahav one of my regular stops.
Fantastic food and service - and this was with a party of six in their opening week.  The cuisine is creative Israeli.  We ordered the Mesibah, or chef's tasting, and were amazed by the quality and variety of the food.  The first courses are a series of little plates, topped by an entree of a perfectly braised, succulent lamb's shoulder, and finished with a broad sampling of desserts.  We were really hoping it would be this good, having been longtime fans of ex-Marigold/Xochitl, Vetri-trained chef Michael Solomonov - and he did not disappoint.  Highly recommend it.
Idk I mean Zahav is just THAT good. I've tried to get reservations here sooooo many times for my family and I with no luck on Open Table or by calling 60 days to the date I'd like to reserve. My mom and I came up with a plan to get a seat on a Sunday night during the Eagles game, which turned out to be THE MOST GENIUS hack ever (maybe I should keep this to myself?!). We wait for a Sunday when the Eagles are playing during the time Zahav opens on Sunday, bc duh this is Philadelphia, stores, bars and restaurants with no TV's are ghost towns when the game is on. Not being sports fans, missing the game was no skin off our backs!

Anyway we arrive at 4:40 to wait outside the door, they let us in at 4:55 and seat us immediately at the bar. WAT. Is this a dream? The bartender is super friendly, welcomes us in immediately explains the menu, gets us some drinks and off we go. We did the popular tasting menu of the Israeli salads, 2 app courses, a charcoal grill course and a dessert. It was a great amount of food for us and a cool way to try so many menu items. 

The highlights were the Lemonana drink-- basically an iced tea lemonade with bourbon, delicious! the haloumi OMFG the haloumi-- it was served with nuts and jam the textures and sweet and salty combined to perfection, the branzino was incredible, hummus-- duh this was good, the brussel sprouts were insane, sorbet was incredible (I've never said that about sorbet) but the highlight of all of this was honestly the Israeli salads and the Laffa bread (made by Solomonov himself I've heard). The Israeli salads mainly consisted of pickled veggies in all kinds of cool sauces and spice blends, there were beets mixed with tahini, spicy green beans, eggplant of some sort, pickled fennel and a few others I can't recall. The bread was soooo well seasoned, I could exist on it. 

A slightly less positive side note: Everything is quite salty. I did not find nearly anything to be over salted aside from one dish, but a warning for anyone with a sensitivity/aversion to super salty foods. I was reaching for water for a few hours after this meal. Despite the salt Zahav is worth the wait/time/pain/effort of getting a reservation and even more of a delight if you sneak in like we did for a seat at the bar. It lives up to its reputation.
If the world really were ending (as it didn't on the 21st) I would remember my meal at Zahav's as being one of my most delicious meals to date.  Set in a large bustling dining room in Society Hill, Zahav might appear like any other decadent fru fru restaurant that graces most metropolitan cities.  However, this hip Israeli joint serves reasonably priced tapas that are nothing less than downright sensational, and worth every penny!

I went here two weeks ago with my family, and we had the opportunity to try a lot of things on the menu.   Originally, we were all going to get their tasting menu, which is $36 per person, but realized it was too much food.  So we all shared a hummus and veggies plate, and each got a mezze, and an al ha'esh (grilled item).  

We had a great server who helped us carefully select our items.  Here's what we tried: 

Turkish hummus with butter & grilled garlic, served warm
House-baked (8/12)

Add garlic, butter and creaminess..and add some warm white beans and you're in heaven.  Eat it with freshly baked pita bread, and you'll be sure that there IS a second coming, it's just happening in your mouth. 

Combination of veggie dishes (?)

The beets and eggplant were particularly good.  Everything tasted fresh, and combined well with the hummus

Mezze

Crispy haloumi dates, mustard greens, almonds (7)

Lightly fried cheese swimming in date jam with a touch of cinnamon flavor = the perfect sweet/savory dish!

Mina smoked brisket, matzah, coffee (9)

Tender meat bathed in chocolate and espresso (Not really, that's just how it tasted)!

Kibbe naya raw lamb, bulgur, black harissa, baby romaine (8)

So soft and fresh, it's like a newborn, but not in a creepy way!  The accompanying vegetables were perfectly cooked adding a slight oniony flavor with the texture of silk.  Talk about an over all wonderful mouth feel!  Probably one of the best raw meat dishes I've ever eaten. 


Al Ha'esh

Kofte ground beef and lamb, cumin, peppers, carrots (9)

Fresh, light, and elegantly spiced. 

Duck breast barley, almonds, pistachios (10)

So fresh and non-fatty we didn't think it was duck.  Something truly different.  I would say more, except that I think my family ate most of this dish.  I only got a little bite (I think that is testimony to its popularity.  Not may people can out eat me). 

Royal trumpet mushrooms chickpea puree, lamb belly "shawarma", allspice (10)

One word, Lamb bacon...no wait....mushroom love!  Ok, go with both of those. 

So as you can see, I really enjoyed my food at Zahav's.  I can't wait to go back!
Belated birthday dinner review (#DamnYouWinter)!

For years Zahav is one of those restaurants that I've recommended to several people on good assurance based on YOUR reviews! After all when you come to know an unprecedented amount of people with such strong and differing opinions, who ALL come together to give a spot like Zahav glowing 5 star reviews, it becomes something that speaks volumes. So because of that I definitely decided that it was going to take a special occasion for me to experience it firsthand. And Zahav delivered with amazing results!

There really isn't to much to say about Zahav that hasn't already been said in its previous 874 reviews. From the bargain of getting the Tayim or Chef's Tasting menu's, to the expansive wine list and innovative cocktail list, then factoring in the plentiful selections on the menu that make both vegetarians and carnivores beam with happiness, and having it delivered by attentive and extremely informative servers; Zahav delivered on all fronts perfectly.

Since Tayim gives the dining party a selection of all the Salatims & Hummus, two Mezze per person, and a grilled over coals Al Ha'esh portion each at $39 a person; its definitely the best deal to get. Unless the Chefs Tasting Menu with a special entree steers you in that direction, which the lamb shoulder would have if it wasn't our first time. Savoring their incredible hummus at coffeehouses and at home thanks to Green Aisle Grocery has nowhere near prepared me for how incredible it was in person. whether it was beets, eggplant, black eyed peas, cucumber, and then some the salads were all refreshing and delivered just a hint of spice. The crispy haloumi and labne w/ chive sauce that came with the delicious fried cauliflower elevated Middle Eastern cheeses to unprecedented levels. The grilled duck hearts delivered the almost impossible result of being as unchewy as possible. And the marinated artichokes, squash konafi, and Yemenite soup were all winners. For my grilled portion I was beyond impressed by the lamb merguez and it squash, pumpkin seed, and harissa accompaniment. And the chocolate babka with marscarpone managed to tantalize my sweet tooth, as did the dark rum and chartreuse w/ honey combo that was my Man on the Moon cocktail.

Ultimately when it comes down to it Zahav has everything it takes to make it one of my top five dining destinations in Philly!.
Two words: Fantastic experience! A perfectly prepared Israeli meal in a perfect setting with perfect service. This fussy nitpicker couldn't think of a single thing that I could suggest they improve. Well, I guess they could arrange for wheelbarrows to cart you out after your meal, but I won't give a demerit for that oversight.

We selected the Mesibah ("party time") tasting menu, which gave us a little bit of most of the menu. Among my favourites, the fried cauliflower (if you are vegan, they prepare the condiment with a tahini base rather than a yogurt base), to-die-for Brussels sprouts, and of course, their famous hummus which accompanies their freshly baked laffa bread. The Halloumi cheese with dates and nuts was also amazing. The salatim were all great as well, especially the beets. For the record, Brussel sprouts and beets are usually my least favourite vegetables, and I approached these with trepidation! OMG, were they good! The roasted lamb, which was the highlight of the meal, takes three days to prepare and came on a bed of truly delicious crispy Persian rice. The lamb was so succulent it practically fell off the bone! There was near silence as we devoured...umm...er...I mean...appreciated this delightfully savoury entrée. Despite our food-induced coma, we managed a panoply of desserts. My favourite: the fresh out of the oven, still warm rugelach, which had a hint of toasted coconut.  There was also a wonderful cake accompanied by yummy custard, a Middle Eastern dessert made with ricotta and ice cream (a must try and the other clear dessert winner that warranted a second moment of gluttonous silence), Halvah mousse with a berry puree, and lychee sorbet.

Service was just superb!! Waitstaff? Warm, friendly, attentive, and handled all our special requests with aplomb. Wonderful hospitality! The restaurant manager stopped by a couple of times to see how we were doing and shared a little of the restaurant's history and the story behind some of our dishes. 

Great ambiance too. Perfect for dates, business meals, and group dinners. I'll definitely be back!!!

As for parking: I never met a valet I didn't like! There was valet parking directly across the street for $14. Opted for that and a leisurely dinner rather than deal with the hassle of street parking and rushing out before the two-hour mark to beat the Philadelphia Parking folks overly eager to slap a ticket on my window to meet their quota.
From the moment I walked in the door I knew we were in for a treat! First, the friendly and knowledgeable staff seated us and gave us the low down about the menu. Zahav, which means "Gold" in Israeli, is a middle eastern inspired small plate style restaurant. We started with the Salitim and Hummus which was warm and delish. We followed that up with a few mezzes. I strongly suggest starting with the Crispy Haloumi with a sweets date jam and pine nuts! Then we got a little FREEKAH SNEAKAH with the Chicken Freekah  which would make for the most perfect comfort food on a rainy day! While we had a few more tasty tapas, we also had the lemonade which was heavenly alcoholic or virgin. We did not end the night with Baklava, but we had to "Kick it NEW SCHOOL" with a wonderful dessert that consists of Konafi, Chocolate, Pistachios, Kumquats and Labaneh Ice Cream and completed the night with Turkish Coffee! YUM O! OMG I just had a FOOD-Gasm!! Yes, It was so good for me! See for yourself! I AM A HUGE FAN OF ZAHAV!!
Being the popular girl that I am, I have a few connected friends in the industry. One of these connected friends took us to Zahav.

We had
so
much
food.
And
so 
many 
drinks.

The chef, Michael Solomonov (you know this), who my friend knows, had the bartender set us up with a cocktail flight during our meal. I thought it would be a few smaller drinks, like a beer flight. NOPE. Several normal sized drinks with lots and lots of alcohol in them. All of which were fantastic. I wish I could remember what they all were...

We started with the garlic and butter hummus at the bar (zomg so good) and then once we were seated, we ordered several small plates to share. I remember having the haloumi, beet salad, fried cauliflower, duck kebab? Because Michael is probably the nicest guy ever, he sent out the salatim, as well as one of the kibbes. There was dessert, as well, but I barely remember what it was. Sort of a creme brulee? And ruggelach. Ugh, so good.

The staff was so friendly and accommodating. We learned their names, but that cocktail flight makes you forget things.

Love you, Zahav. :-)
Ok so this is going to be a long review. There were tons of things I really loved and liked about this place and a few things that I think need some work. I should preface this review by saying I was REALLY excited to try this place so my expectations were a bit high. I also went for Restaurant Week lunch so that should also be considered (although this is the most un-Restaurant Week-like experience I have ever had during that week). 

The ambiance: The location is a bit strange to find as it's sort of behind Positano Coast and sort of next to the Ritz 5 theater; kind of nowhere. The inside is filled with gorgeous solid wood furniture and a really beautiful wooden bar. However, the overall feel of the place brought to mind Bertucci's. Not really sure why, it just brought about those images as it was a large room with big wooden tables. Nothing too significant and the decor felt a little forced and unauthentic. 

The service: At night when a place is busy and you don't want to seat a person because the full party (one other person) is not there, then that's fine. But if it is the middle of the day on a Monday and there are only two other tables seated in the entire restaurant perhaps it's not necessary to have me stand awkwardly by the hostess table while I wait for my friend to lock up her bike. Just seat me already. Once seated, our waiter was really knowledgeable and friendly. They seem to operate as a team which is nice and meant that about three other people were also responsible for us and made sure dishes were cleared (important with a meze menu) and water was filled. On the down side though, it kind of gives our actual waiter the impression that he can disappear a bit and this led to the over hour and a half lunch - including rushing and flagging down someone else to get our check. 

The price: It was restaurant week so we went with the prix fixe $20 menu. It was definitely a good price for what we got yet at the same time I would be concerned about going here normally and ordering the same amount of food as the portions are really quite tiny. You definitely need to order multiple dishes and share, almost like tapas, so be prepared for the potentially larger bill and be sure you are dining with a "sharer". 

The food: The dishes were all pretty good but there were definitely some stars and some forgetful dishes. We had the following: 

Starters: 
Salatim salads: I loathe beets yet I would eat (and did) spoonfuls of the beet salad. The same went for my friend Rachel H. with the eggplant salad. 
Hummus-tehina with house-baked laffa: The Hummus was phenomenal and I resorted to forkfuls by the time the bread ran out. The bread was phenomenal and had just a small amount of what I think was Zatar in the middle. I am a Zatar fiend since about age 8 (don't ask how this Boston Irish girl landed jars of it as a kid) so a little more of that would have completely blown my mind - but I was happy to see it at least made it onto the bread. 

Second Course: 
Malauch (crispy yemenite flatbread, haminado, crushed tomato): Forgetful but good enough. A little heavy and greasy but my friend seemed to enjoy it. The brown egg was a little off-putting (and brought the attention of other diners) but was pretty good. 
Fried Kibbe with Tahini: Awesome! The tahini was really good but the Kibbe was unbelievable, definitely the highlight of the lunch (aside from the aforementioned hummus). 

Third Course: 
The Sabra (young chicken, sumac onions, Israeli cous cous): Ok. The chicken was very juicy and sort of flavorful but also a little fatty and boring. The cous cous was good but it's pretty hard to mess that up. 
The Gibraltar (swordfish, charmoula): The better of the two skewered dishes but still....lacking. I'm not sure I would order any of the Shipudim next time and would just stick with a bunch of the other dishes to be honest. 

Dessert: 
Roasted Pear, cashew baklava, white chocolate panna cotta: I usually hate pannacotta (gelatinous goo) but this was lovely and tasted sweetly of vanilla bean. The baklava was good but a little dry and the pear was wonderful but I'm not convinced they really did anything aside from roast an already good and ripe pear. 
Chocolate semifreddo, sesame caramel sauce and figs: The chocolate semifreddo was really good but a little over frozen. The sesame caramel sauce was interesting but irrelevant. Rachel H. and I were also a little disappointed in the figs as they tasted pretty green (ie. underripe). 

In the end we had a lovely, but way too long lunch at a restaurant with good yet slow service and ate some really great and some just ok food. Would I return? Yeah, if there was a particular reason but I probably will not seek it out.

Late addition: I should mention that the server gave both Rachel H. and I a $10 gift certificate for another visit. I don't care if it is meant to lure me back for repeat business - it made me happy.
I've been pining for a trip to this restaurant for months now, and my fiancee happily obliged for my recent birthday. Tucked away on a path near the Society Hill Towers, Zahav is unassuming and clean on the outside, opening into a larger room with stone floors and wooden tables as light filters in from the nearby windows. 

The kitchen sits across from the bar, separated by a layer of glass - allowing you to watch the chefs without the residual noise, steam, smell, etc. After sitting down our server promptly came over to greet us, explain a few details about the menu and get us set up. 

First off - a tasting menu at a top-rated restaurant for $40? I'm sold already. Starting off with a series of Israeli salads, humus and freshly baked bread, we were already diving into some serious flavor. Carrots, green beans, peppered fennel, tabbouleh, beets and more adorned our table, as a literal taskforce of servers swiftly delivered and removed plates with ease. 

Our small plates included crispy lamb's tongue, sweetbreads with chic peas, heirloom tomato salad with house-made ricotta, fried cauliflower and crispy okra with peaces (compliments of the chef). I'm scrimping on some of the finer details, as each dish was remarkably paired with just the right amount of sauce, portioned well to allow us to enjoy each plate without overdoing it. 

Hanger steak with baba and branzino with wild race awaited us next, both cooked to perfection and wonderfully tender. We hung onto every bite, sharing everything until the plates were literally wiped clean. 

Before dessert we opted for a drink, diving into some Blanton's bourbon. For $12 I expected a reasonable pour, but the bar at Zahav hooked it up, delivering a bang-for-your-buck sized glass of whiskey that lit my eyes up at first glance. 

Dessert closed out the experience with pistachio cake and strawberry mousse, along with an Israeli pasty (the name escapes me) and espresso ice cream. A waiter even delivered a small plate of house-baked cookies with a candle impossibly mounted on the rim, having noticed it was my birthday. 

From the welcoming atmosphere and top-level service to the extraordinarily flavorful food and reasonably priced tasting menu, Zahav was one of (if not the best) dining experience we've had in Philly. Congrats to the chef, Michael Solomonov on a job incredibly well done.
Every once in a while, when we Jews emerge from our gold-filled, subterranean lairs(where we make movies and popular comedy), we need to eat. Now, while our regular diets consist of Zionist world-domination ambitions in a smoothie form, sometimes we need to treat ourselves. Zahav is where we do this.

When someone in my company needs to take me out to eat, I usually pick Zahav. It is that good and it is that appealing to a wide array of palates(unlike my other Philly favorite, Han Dynasty, which punishes the weak willed for their pathetic constitution).

Let's start with the hummus and laffa. Think of laffa as basically the greatest pita in Philly. It has a consistency somewhat reminiscent of Indian naan while maintaining its own distinct identity.

I've tried the various hummus options and they all rule. I give special props to  the Tehina(good standard) and Turkish(infused with butter) hummus choices.

The salatim is a solid bet. It has a bunch of options and at least a few will appeal to you. There's some beet dish in there that kicks my ass. I won't guarantee you'll love all of the little salads, but diversity is the spice of life.

When you are choosing between mezze options, choose the fried cauliflower. It runs on the salty side but also on the amazing side.

The house smoked sable is very good.

In the Shipudim section, do not overlook the royal trumpet mushrooms. They have a delightfully dark flavor and are served with lamb belly "schwarma"(which is bacon from a lamb! Kosher bacon from a lamb! It is thick and delicious!)

The halva mousse is the best dessert. The other ones are good but the halva smashes them into tiny bits.
On our flight to Philly, I randomly watched a Netflix-download of "In Search of Israeli Cuisine", which is a touching and heartfelt documentary about Chef Michael Solomonov's connection to the food of Israel. I love watching documentaries on flights and I would totally recommend watching this one if you are interested in the part that food plays in the interesting mix of cultures that coexist in Israel. (I'm Palestinian, and found it very interesting) His story is personal and moving, and explains how he embraced the food of Israel by surveying different regions of the country. You can clearly see that he was really listening respectfully to the culinary traditions from around the entire country. I had no idea that this documentary had anything to do with Philadelphia, but learned midway through the film that the Chef actually has a restaurant in Philly (Zahav) and immediately knew we had to check it out while we were in town.

My girlfriend and I wanted to make a reservation at Zahav, but it was booked solid so the dream just seemed impossible. I was craving Hummus so while my girlfriend was at her work function (the purpose of our trip), I explored the area near our hotel and stumbled upon a hummus joint called Diezengoff.  I was shocked when I saw the Zahav cookbook by the register and realized it was a spin off restaurant kicked off by Chef Mike. In the process, I also learned that they have amazing Hummus with chicken and almond slivers. (Yum!) Anyhow, the next morning I got a fried chicken sandwich across the street at one of his other ventures, Federal Donuts, and actually saw the Chef Mike from the documentary walking in while I was eating. I followed him (let's not call it stalking) outside and said hello and mentioned how much I enjoyed his story and documentary and his hummus at Diezengoff. He was incredibly warm, gracious, and humble and recommended we just show up at Zahav about 15 minutes early and we could put our names in to eat at the bar or Chef counter. We went the next day and did just that. We made it in and the Chef Tasting Dinner was one of best meals I can remember. Mike saw me at the Chef counter and actually stopped by to say hello to us while we were eating. He remembered our conversation from the day before and we were blown away by his food and his kind and friendly manner. His genius is clearly evident in his take on Israeli food and I can't wait to share his recipes (and his cookbook) with my family over the holidays. I hope we come to philly again so I can return to Zahav.
Zahav! Always an excellent meal. Have been to parties, and dinners at this society Hill restaurant. Definitely one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia, we also frequent Dizengoff on Sansom and at Whole Foods in Fairmount, which are owned by the Zahav founders. Highly recommend!
The food could have been awful (it was the exact opposite) and thei service at Zahav would have carried this place to five stars on it's own.  Julienne, our waitress, was incredibly helpful and so knowledgeable of the menu.  The entire wait staff were so attentive, never missing a beat.  They worked together perfectly and seemed to really respect their company.  My water glass was never empty, our plates were freshened multiple times throughout the meal, our table was wiped down multiple times.  Multiple times, people would ask us how our food was and explain everything that they would put in front of us.  If I had one complaint, it would be that nobody drank to much and vomited near us...  Hear me out...   I glanced around the restaurant and saw that they had Zahav cookbooks on display.  One of the other top places we were at also had cookbooks, but someone got sick near us and the mortified employees gave us cookbooks to make up for the scene we had to experience.  The only thing that could have made this place better would have been free cookbooks...  Oh well, it's already added to my amazon wishlist...   Oh and towards the end of the night, I heard Nine Inch Nails playing on the radio.   I had the biggest smile on my face after that.  Throughout the meal, I heard a wide variety of music softly playing.  I can't even hear songs like that on local radio stations, so I was heavily impressed that this establishment was willing to play almost anything.  

My wife knew we were going to get the lamb shoulder before we even arrived, so we ordered the Mesibah.  The meal started off with six salads, warm turkish hummus and the best laffa I've ever had.  The bread was soft like a pillow on the edges, and crispy in center.  Of course our waitress asked if we wanted more, but I had to decline.  I knew a lot of food was coming out way and we wouldn't want to fill up our stomachs with this delicious bread.  

Next came some fried cauliflower, carrots, and duck hearts.  I've never had a duck heart before and I enjoyed how this was prepared.  The cauliflower had a real nice bite too.  Finally our lamb shoulder arrived with a crispy rice.  They made a point to show us that we should use tongs, since the lamb was so tender and soft.  This lamb had great flavor and the contrasting crispy rice gave us great bites.  We were so full though...   Fortunately, we were able to take the rest of that home.  

Desserts came next...  Sachleb Konafi and a coffee custard.  Our waitress said that the Sachleb Konafi was like a pulled filo dough with an orange sherbet.  We fought the hard battle to finish and we eventually did.  Our server brought us two dessert drinks to finish off the meal too.   It was a fantastic meal full of great food and easily the best service I've ever had.
ran a little late for the 3rd visit here and joined my friends who were already seated with drinks.  I looked around and now that I had contacts and could see was cool seeing Mr. Solomonov working his magic in the kitchen lol.  without being familiar with the menu items it took us a bit to order but I started with the slightly sweet Einstök Icelandic beer.  Our server was awesome nonchalant and on point, but the service has always been excellent.  Always good to hear when they have the lamb shoulder and that's what I pushed the table for with the minor upcharge for the mesibah menu which is about $52 or $56?  Whatever the difference it's worth it.  After we decided with this, we were asked to choose 2 items that we definitely were opposed to from the mezze and we could only decide on excluding the duck hearts which can be chewy.  So we were allowed 7 mezze items and the asparagus while good did not stand up to the others.  Love the rhubarb, haloumi, kibbe naya raw lamb, fried cauliflower!  The first course tho of the hummus and laffa I can eat all damn day. Think this time we were given the warm hummus which I think is the Turkish one?  Not as good as the hummus from last visit but still real good.  

The dessert came out with 4 items with the sorbet palate cleanser in the middle along with the rich chocolate cake, a non cannoli type item and the malabi custard that was a table favourite all of which goes well with the delicious Turkish coffee.  

The lamb shoulder came out with the crispy rice and we were all ready to dig in but first I had to take a blurry picture lol.  This is always on my mind of best dishes to eat but am bummed I forgot to ask if they had the off menu foie gras skewer/kabob as that would of been awesome to try but I'll have to remember for next time!
