Awesome find!! I can safely say after my first experience here and tasting only two items so far, this place is legit! So happy to add it to my list of restaurants in this area and finally cross it off my bookmarks. Hidden gem for sure! 

Stoped by for a quick lunch while in the area.  They have a $9.99 small lunch buffet but the lovely waitress informed me there were only two veg items there so it wasn't really for me personally. Take a look for yourself. 
Perhaps there's more options for you! 

The menu in the photos on their listing is lacking a great deal. There's a TON of options including an entire page of vegetarian dishes! Yeah baby! (I took a pic. Didn't sync. Ugh!) 

I started with samosas. Two huge perfectly crispy, absolutely packed samosas to an order, served with a chutney and a spicy dipping sauce. Each bite was a of crisp exterior and soft warm veggies and potato. No bites of just wrapper. Absolutely delish! Not too chewy. Not too hard. Goldilocks style, just right. These have replaced my current front-runner for 'Best Samosas'!

I then had my eye set on my Indian go-to, Aloo Gobi. I asked if they could bulk up the protein by adding lentils, spinach and chickpeas. She obliged, no issue. Mild was the perfect amount of spice. Packed with flavor and served with a side of basmati. This simple yet flavorful dish was done so right. Another winner. Decent portions left me with dinner that night as well! 

The ambiance was lovely. Deep red walls, mirrors and ethnic touches. The music set the mood and mimicked the cuisine also. Very nice. 

Service was great!

I can't wait to head back when in the NE again. I'm bringing my fam in the area next time too! Already told them what they're missing!

*It's BYO! 
**They have a Halal Market attached to the restaurant. 
***Located in the shopping center behind Nifty Fifties. 

My food photos didn't sync with my phone. Ugh! (Just an excuse to head back soon! Lol)
Zaika on Grant Avenue in Northeast Philly, is one of the best Pakistani/Indian restaurants I have ever had the pleasure of supping in.  I mean, there are some strong reviews from people I respect, but I didn't think I was about the experience a gastronomic wonder. Chef Mohammed has it going on!  

Somewhat surprising that we were among the very few customers on a Sunday night, but no complaints. The house was recently renovated with a larger dining room, and a touch of class with comfortable seating and sparse, but attractive décor.  Our server, Nema, was excellent.  She knew the questions to ask to make sure we got what we wanted.  Correct level of spiciness, and the right dipping sauces for the dishes ordered. No ice for the water. When undecided about whether to go with garlic or chili naan, she had the ready solution of having the tandoor bake up a combo of the two.  Garlic chili naan, indeed, was a winner. 

The rest was a cavalcade of wonderous dishes that expanded my understanding of what was truly possible in an IndoPak kitchen.  There were only three plates requested; a Samosa Chat app, Chicken Kashmiri and Bhaingan Bharta (eggplant). Each was uniquely distinct from similar plates in other restaurants, and each was outstandingly better.  

The Chat was a deconstructed Samosa, with the crisp fried dough on the bottom of a mass of tender chickpeas, potatoes and spicy homemade Masala sauce.  It was ordered for medium heat.  Auspicious beginning!  It had a complex flavoring and texture that was similar to other samosas, but somehow better, with a subtle sweet undernote to the usual fritter-like taste.  Delightful. 

The Chicken Kashmiri was ordered because of familiarity with this dish elsewhere; knowing it to be cream based and a lightly sweet alternative to all the curried heat coming from the other sources.  This version was that, but so much more.  Rather than just the combination of the heat from the cream sauce, the sweetness was supplied by raisins, pineapple and dried apricots.  A complete and unexpected surprise, that was in turn a mystery to be solved.  It took a while to figure out what those flavors/textures were.  But, when realization dawned, so did a big smile at the elegantly simple, yet creative genius at work.  Pineapple and apricot discovery was better than a game of charades. I loved this masterstroke. 

The Bhaingan was not as wildly original, but an excellent mashed roast eggplant, green peas, onion, pepper and tomato mixed with traditional herbs and spices.  Ordered hot, it was a nice counterpoint to the cooler sweetness of the Kashmiri. 

Last, but far from least, the Garlic Chili Naan, was a knockout bread sensation.  A bit oily, but the interplay of the two main ingredients so well seared to the surface of the naan, and the chewiness and absorption of the lightly crisped dough, made for great taste and the perfect utensil to pick up the sauces from each dish and slowly devour every last drop.   

Yes. There was a Mango Lassi, too.  Best way to cool an overheated tongue is to bathe it in cool mangoed yogurt drink.  

Zaika - The best meal I have had so far this year.
After a long hiatus from reviewing I have awaken from my 6 mouth yelp hibernation and my tummies a grumbles with an insatiable hunger for the cacophonous symphony of flavor that is Indian food. Like an all too familiar pattern, I go back to Mohammad Butt, my main man for marsala.
But whats this? 
There are whispers that he no longer cooks for "Best Taste of Asia," that he is gone, never to return; some sort of falling out.

No.
No, it can't be! 
I need to score - one .. final .. hit..

Life ceases to have meaning, existential murmurings dog the mind. Who am I?
Why am I here?
What is Cheeze Wiz?
Its done, over, a round falls into the chamber and just as I prepare to end it all and pull the trigger- steps in ZAIKA.

Zaika - meaning the art of taste -  stays to to its name. This is a place where the Paneer (cheese) is made fresh in house, resulting in a cheese that's silky in texture. Especially when in contrast to the prepackaged rubbery bone-white LEGO blocks most small Indo-Pak places purchase from Indian Grocers in attempts to reduce prep-times. While at Zaika such shortcuts are not taken,  the Chef takes the extra steps needed to ensure a dish comes together as a whole. For example, the Chicken Makhani uses Smokey Tandoori Chicken, which I have never seen done before but it certainly aids the chicken to cut though the rich buttery tomato sauce and elevates the dish as a whole. Even entrées like Dall Fray or  Palak Paneer  have so much flavor that they will leave you not missing animal protein in the least should you choose to go the vegetarian route. 

Zaika 's appetizers, like the Veggie Samosa and Aloo Tikki, (spiced potato patties) are generally large, peppery and well spiced - the latter of which remind me of something my own mother would make. Though I must warn others to avoid the items that occasionally pop-up as specials like the potato stuffed chili peppers, unless they have a iron stomach or are a gluten for punishment. These peppers are spicy, not deveined or even seeded. Further, I find the fish pakora to be far too fishy.
 
I've become rather taken by Zaikia. Even the simply things such as the naan are good there. Just right in elasticity, the bread does not have too much give and yet isn't too soft. It's nothing elaborate, just properly risen with a light texture and  no egg or yeast flavor. The only complaint being that it lacked that signature faint sweetness naan has. But hey, I use it mostly for mopping up the other good stuff on the plate anyway and the sweetness gets lost in the mix, so I don't mind at all.

The menu has nearly 120 different items, all numbered to order by, making take-out phone orders convenient and should eliminate any fears anyone should have of a language barrier problem. Furthermore, it has short descriptions of each dish - something all ethnic places like this should have.
Though some items like Lassie (a frothy yogurt drink) do not appear on the menu, that too is offered - both a salty and sweet mango verities. 
The head chef speaks English quite well and should be easy to deal with should you want to inquire more or want to setup large orders.

I have already noticed parties negotiating catering for Ramadan as I anxiously awaited my own order.

The bottom line here is this, Mohammad Butt has expanded on the menu he once created for "Best taste of Asia," and taken an all HALAL meat approach. 

Only good things can come of this, only good things.

P.S.
ZAIKA is right behind Nifty Fifties on Grant Ave., so you are all set for dessert should you want a milkshake. 
However, I would suggest getting the Ras Malai if available. These riccotta cheese dumplings flouting in soaked in sweetened, thickened milk are delicately flavored with cardamom, a very some amount of rose water and then garnished with pistachios. They are ungodly good.
I stopped her around Christmas time with a party of 4.  There was only a couple and a small child inside when we arrived.  The lack of patrons made me worry we made a bad decision but boy was I wrong!

The food is excellent.  During this visit I got to try the Lamb Tikka Masala, Curry Chicken and mango chicken and they were delish!  To pair with the entree I ordered both the classic naan and garlic naan. My only compliant regarding the food was the entree portion.  The rest of my party was "full" but I could definitely enjoy more.  I can be a bit greedy though...

The waitress was nice but very timid. Service was a tad slow considering we were one of the few guests there.  

I intend of coming back again soon!
What can I say about Zaika that others have not already said in great detail? Not much. Mohammad is the best Indo-Pak chef in the area. We have literally stalked him. Following him from Malik's to Best Taste of Asia and now to his own place Zaika. The food is always fresh and flavorful. The naan is a great balance between chewy and crisp with a light sweetness. My personal favorites are the palak paneer, and the chicken tikka marsala. But we have systematically ordered almost every dish on the extensive menu and have yet to really hate or even have a strong dislike of anything. The place has converted a bit to also be a mini mark selling pre-made food items and spices. I think he might be selling cuts of meat as well. Seriously I order from here almost every week I love it that much.
To the super accommodating, super gracious, super nice guy who answered the phone, took our order, and delivered food to us last night, despite the fact that we're well out of Zaika's delivery zone: THANK YOU!!

My boyfriend and I were craving Indian last night, and we live in the Mayfair section of Philly (read: Irish dive bars and pizza shops as far as the eyes can see, but not much else). After doing a Yelp search for Indian restaurants in the area, I decided to give Zaika a call since the ratings on here are great and I was taking a shot hoping they'd deliver.

Not only did they agree to deliver out of their zone for us, and read parts of the menu off to us because there's not one online other than the small snapshots people have taken, AND let us order under their delivery minimum, they also came with TASTY FOOD. DELICIOUS. The Korma was creamy, had those delightful bits of cashews and raisins in it, just enough heat to it, and really tender chicken. I hate when Indian places throw huge, dry cubes of chicken in there. These bits were perfectly braised. My boyfriend also loved the Tikka Masala, and both dishes had the perfect ratio of meat to sauce so there was plenty there for the dipping. The rice was just plain beautiful, and the naan was great too.

So, this experience sealed the deal for us, we'll now be regulars. In the future I plan to order and pick up on my way home from work in order to not send them out of their way again, as it's totally going to be worth it. Although, I do recommend that the owners consider extending their delivery range, and definitely get their menu up online (or even better, sign up with Grub Hub). They could probably make a killing, as not all of us in the Northeast are only interested in wings and cheap pizza. This gentleman was so appreciative for our business, and it was refreshing not only that they went out of their way for us, but that they also served up some really good quality food. 5++ stars. Try this place!
My vegetarian friend was on a quest to the Northeast for a budget priced air conditioner, and since we would be in the area during the lunch time, I investigated Indian restaurants. Zaika had fairly consistent good reviews, so I wrote down the information.

Coming from Frankford Avenue in Holmesburg, we found Zaika with no problem; it's in a strip mall with plenty of parking. The decor inside is over the top-crystal chandeliers, lots and lots and lots of "silk" flowers and blood red walls. However, even if the decor was not to my taste, the place is very clean and the chandeliers were sparkling. The background music was along the lines of what the late  DJ Cheb I Sabbah would spin.

For the budget conscious non-carnivore, there is no "lunch special" menu, but there is an entire page of vegetarian entrees and biryanis.

We were the only people there that day, but I guess not a lot of folks go out for lunch on the Saturday of a long holiday weekend. We had no wait at all. We were greeted and seated and quickly proceeded to peruse the extensive menu. Most entrees were in the $13 to $16 range and came with basmati rice.

We started with a lassi each-salty (me) and mango (Dee). Neither lassi was cold-both were room temperature but tasty. We moved on to vegetable pakoras which seemed to be a tangle of battered, cooked onions-nothing else-that were not at all crisp. Oil not hot enough. A sweetish, forgettable sauce came with the dish. We didn't finish the dish. Not worth taking up valuable stomach acreage.

Dee the vegetarian ordered dal and I ordered Chicken Makhani. She specified 'spicy' and I asked for 'medium' spicing. She ordered plain naan, I ordered garlic naan.

The naans came out hot. Mine was so-so, not particularly garlicky. I didn't finish mine. It was fine for dipping into the sauce that came with my meal but not outstanding or memorable. Our entrees arrived and the portion sizes were quite generous. I couldn't detect any spiciness at all in my dish, though I will say it tasted fresh with lots of tender white meat chicken. Other than that, it had no redeeming character or any real stand out flavor. The rice was moist, buttery, fragrant and well prepared. Dee said her food was "tasty." It's pretty hard to ruin dal, though.

Our server was nice but seemed somewhat-heck, not sure of the word-not completely present. He was pleasant and courteous, but when we asked to box up our leftovers, he brought out one piece of foil and 2 small take out containers and one plastic bag. DM and I looked and each other. We called him back to say politely that we both wanted to take our leftovers separately so we needed another bag and more containers. He readily complied with no hesitation.

When we got out to the car, we both agreed that the food had been okay but not worth going back for, even if we happened to be in the Northeast again. If nothing else, we had leftovers for dinner and a mini adventure.
The food here was great, but the atmosphere is awful! The place needs to decide if it is a grocery store or a restaurant! I went with my mom, my boyfriend, and his mom for Mother's Day, and having never been inside Zaika before, I was expecting a restaurant, maybe a buffet on a Sunday, but not a takeout place with spices on shelves on the walls. 
But the food was delicious--I had a very spicy Chicken Vindaloo (beware--medium spicy is very spicy!!), and others in my party had chicken and lamb. Everyone enjoyed the food. The naan was perfect too. The small appetizer we had was reeeally good and only $1! Did I mention that the 4 of us ate for $50?
The owners are very nice and helpful. I definitely recommend this place for a casual lunch/dinner, or for takeout!
There are no frills at this restaurant. There's no tap or ice water - bottled water only is available out of the fridge. American Express is not accepted. There are six tables of four, two tables of two, so there isn't a lot of room. 

Good luck finding the place. It's in a strip center you can't see from Grant Road, which I missed initially when trying to find. I stumbled upon the restaurant by accident, as it's masked by a stand-alone diner in front.

So why the four stars? The food was absolutely delicious. The chicken curry and saag aloo (spinach dish) were solidly on point. The curry wasn't too spicy (had asked for mild) and had the right color and consistency. The same applies to the saag aloo. My only complaint is that I didn't get a chicken samosa, but it was only a dollar, so whatever. I was too full to complain. Two dishes, a samosa, rice, and a bottled water were $26 including tax and 15% tip.
NEEDS MORE SPICE.

They should have a rating system we can all get behind, because the two times I've been here, I feel the 'hot' was holding back. 'American hot' and 'Indian hot' are on two entirely different scales, and I was probably given the former when it came to my dishes.

Besides that, the food is awesome. Chicken vindaloo, lamb tiki masala, chicken korma, and the fish curry are all excellent. Besides the, ahem, mildness of the sauce, they're really fresh and well prepared. 

My only beef with them [besides needing more fire] is the chicken.* I am one that's very partial to eating just chicken breast, dark meat and the other parts of this bird are not on my list of favorite things to eat, and while the dishes are made top notch, the inclusion of this other parts of the chicken do give me pause while I eat. It may be advisable to ask for white meat if you're the same.

The naan is good, the rice is delicious, and the appetizers are out of this world. Tiffin could learn a thing for four from Zaika in this arena, as everything that came out [sorry, I'm bad with names] was just so damn flavorful and succulent, I'm drooling on my keyboard as I type this.

Zaika is homey. You walk in, it's got shabby tables and chairs and half of it is a market. The people who run it, however, are very attentive and wait upon your every need while you dine, I have no reservations recommending this place if you're in need of some yummy Indian/Pakistani food.
Disappointed!One star for the people there--friendly/welcoming.
After reading reviews here I gave it a try.The place smells of rotting meat--literally.The smell was so obnoxious that we decided to do a takeout.While the food was getting prepared we chose to stand out in the cold.Ordered papri chat for starters and malai kofta/kashmiri chicken/naan for dinner.Papri chaat was average--not the best I have had in philly.makhni kofta and chicken were submerged in oil.We scraped off atleast 20 teaspoon of oil floating on top.plenty of artificial color in the curry--stuck to our fingers even long after finishing the meal/washing hands again and again.All in all a bad experience.There are better options around.Another point--not a single soul arrived there in the 30 odd minutes we stood outside--this was on a saturday evening 7 pm--speaks for itself!

Not going back.
This place was amazing! First time having this type of food but I'm open to trying new things. My sister who is another yelp elite recommended this place for us to eat for dinner one night we were hanging with her boyfriend and our oldest niece. Was nervous at first because I wasn't sure I'd like the food and thought all the food would be spicy- which I can't eat. But there were some less spicy, sweet options to choose from on the menu. The menu was in Pakistani and in English so it explained exactly what you were about to get. 

I ended up getting a mango chicken meal that came with rice and ordered a garlic cheese naan bread. We each ordered naan without knowing how big it would be- the portion was enough for 2 people with the bread alone! And the meat and rice portion was big also which meant leftovers to take home. 

I am happy I gave in when my sister suggested this place although I was a bit scared and nervous of what options they had to choose from for a person with stomach and heartburn issues who can't have too much spice, but was amazed with the variety in the menu. They also had dessert- but we were too stuffed to get it. I felt my pants expanding as I sat and waited for the check.

Service was fast and the waitress was helpful. I would be coming back.
I stopped her around Christmas time with a party of 4.  There was only a couple and a small child inside when we arrived.  The lack of patrons made me worry we made a bad decision but boy was I wrong!

The food is excellent.  During this visit I got to try the Lamb Tikka Masala, Curry Chicken and mango chicken and they were delish!  To pair with the entree I ordered both the classic naan and garlic naan. My only compliant regarding the food was the entree portion.  The rest of my party was "full" but I could definitely enjoy more.  I can be a bit greedy though...

The waitress was nice but very timid. Service was a tad slow considering we were one of the few guests there.  

I intend of coming back again soon!
I feel compelled to reiterate that this place is a genuine 5 star location. Of all the South Asian food I've had in the Philadelphia area this is far and away the best I've had.

Through these past months I've sampled almost everything on their menu; most of the chicken dishes, vegetarian dishes, even goat and fish. Not a single one was bad. Sure, some were not to my personal taste, but they were cooked and spiced well. All were good dishes, and most were great. To beginners I would say you can't go wrong with their tikka masala, which is honestly amongst the best I've had. For those more adventurous I would definitely recommend the fish curry; I was expecting to hate it but found it quite enjoyable and very spicy.

Apparently they are remodeling their dining room, so now those who are afraid of lack of ambiance should have no problem enjoying a meal here. I can't sing enough praises for them and make sure to tell anyone who is interested to check them out. I certainly hope they last a long time, since they are a great restaurant that the Northeast desperately needs.
The seating on the inside of the place was a little too hospital cafeteria, but the food was delicious.
Best (but only) Indian food I've had in the Northeast! Like many reviews say, the interior isn't anything special or fancy. Basically tables in the middle of a little grocery shop. BUT the food is damn good. I mostly order one of their 3 lunch specials, usually a meat curry with rice (or naan), tandoori chicken and a can of soda for about $7. The portions aren't overbearing, just right for my appetite but it can get messy if you're not properly stationed at a table (as I learned when I ordered the chicken tikka masala and spilled it in my car). They are located in the plaza with Nifty Fifties so there is parking in the lot. Fast and friendly service. Cash and credit accepted.
I loveeee indian food, but I haven't ventured to many Indian restaurants since moving here...at least not as many as I would have liked to try at this point. This is hands down the best I've had outside of the south philly/center city area. Although the decor inside is sparse borderline looks-like-theyve-been-robbed, I've eaten at hole in the walls like this before and I know that decor definitely does not make or break a meal.

 The service was great and attentive...and I should hope so because we were the only ones dining in. There were a lot of customers in and out with take out and ordering meat (they sell raw meat that is purchasable for religious customs of how the meat was prepared, but I am not sure if it is Halal or Kosher or...?)

The food was excellent, esp the okra dish and the chicken tikka masala. The garlic naan was awesome and thin / light, and the rice was steamed to perfection. Love everything we tried.

Will be back!! The food also came out quickly.
That bitter sweet day has come it seems.
The former head chef of ZAIKIA, that Willy Wonk of Vindaloo, Mohammed Butt, no longer holds his former standing of proprietor and chief creator of all things indo-pak worth tasting in north east Philly.
The time had come to the torch pass and for the his student to surpass the master.

A former sous Chef has taken the rains and a new proprietor has crawled out of the wood works, yet what's most surprising is that there little to no decrease in the quality of the food! In fact, the naan was staggeringly good on my last order. The interior of the restaurant has been given a fresh coat of paint and a few aesthetic adjustments made, it now resembling a eat-in establishment rather than just take-out place with a few tables.

What is even better to see is that the former chef and proprietor retains a relationship with the new, respectfully. I witnessed this during Ramadan when old guard and new were working together to keep up on likely their busiest day of the year.

I would also like to add that the new proprietors English is likely better then my own. So worry not about any language barrier and should you be clueless regarding the cuisine, I am sure she can assist.
Zaika which means taste is really really good. We had the mixed grill and loved it. I prefer to not eat cow if possible especially when eating at a Pakistani place, so we requested that goat or lamb be used in place. when the meats came to the table they substituted beef with lamb chops, and I gotta say they were the best lamb chops I have ever had. All in all, everything was really good and the inner carnivore was very satisfied for about a month haha
Great place to get Indian food in the NorthEast. There's a restaurant and a takeout spot right next to one another, this review is for the takeout spot. 

I do advise you call and order ahead. They make everything fresh and my food took about half an hour to make so I was jsut driving around in circles, killing time, while I waited.

The portions here are pretty big (though not quite as big as some of the other places in the north east). Everything tasted very fresh and I loved the combinations of spices making each bite flavorful.
So, let me explain one more thing.

I gave Zaika 5 stars before, and after visiting them again, I wish I could get them 5+. Here's my reason why: there is another take-out place in Bensalem that sells fantastic kebabs. I mean, I'm talking about a really good product here. I always thought to myself, "the one food that Zaika gets beat on is the kebab".

I went to Zaika last week and ordered my regular chicken curry, rice, and pakora. It didn't feel right not to order some chicken kebabs, and I thought to myself, "well, I'm already here and I don't plan on going to the other place, so why not?".

Lo' and behold, they were incredible. You can taste all of the ingredients and spices, and the execution of the food is phenomenal. I cannot wait to go again. 

TL;DR version: Everything is better than the other places you go to, including the kebabs. I'm hungry.
I didn't see the restaurant being opened on Friday at five, but I was able to get takeout while in the store.  I got Tandori chicken and garlic naan.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the naan was delicious.  Mind you, I thought that it would be in a yogurt sauce, but it was presented as more chicken parts and a dip.  The chicken was spicy hot, so I'm glad I ate at home, where I could add sour cream to the dip!  :-)

I'm looking forward to trying out other dishes!
Tried for the 1st time today since the other I used to go to closed.  I ordered the Chicken Tika Masala and Chicken Korma (Mild spice)  Since I didn't know how spicy it would be.  Its always a good sign when you go into any ethnic restaurant and there are people there that are members of that ethnic group.  The owner was really pleasant and the food was really good - mild was the way to go but may try medium next time.  Also ordered Nan which could have been a bit less doughy but I will be going back again
Unfortunately, nothing about this restaurant was good. Chicken Tikka Masala didn't have much flavor at all. Appetizers were bland as well. I'm surprised by the reviews.
I knew from the first time I walked in and saw a half butchered lamb staring at me with it's tongue hanging out that this was the place for me. The portions are large, the food is tasty, and the service is extra friendly. I have eaten here at least once a week since I discovered it 6 months ago.  If you like your Indian spicy you'll have to make sure to specify that. They tend to go easy on the heat unless you mention it. With all that said, I do have to agree with the comments on the inside of the place; but since I just grab my food to go it doesn't bother me.
The interior is a tad off putting but don't let that discourage you. The food is great... No frills, but still delicious.
I am now a regular. Pretty much every Saturday I pick up two entrees, rich, naan, and samosa. And it feeds me all weekend. All for like $25. 
Incredible taste. Cheap as hell.
Don't be scared of the market set up - EAT HERE!  It's worth the 40 minute drive for us...so that's sayin something!  

You really should order the lamb gorma and the onion naan and DIP it!  So good!  The sauces they served with our fried vegetable appetizer were also really great.  Very nicely seasoned.  The gulab jamun was cool because it was unlike any dessert we've ever had and it was a nice light way to end the meal, plus it left us with fresh breath!  

Next time we'll try more food - and there WILL be a next time!  Yum!

PS:  We were the 1st ones in there and the server was very attentive.  Then the place filled up and people started ordering at the counter and seating themselves....so just go with the flow.  If it's busy - grab a table and send someone to the counter with your order.  Otherwise, sit down, relax and enjoy!
Because of how good it was the first time I dined in there, I wanted to wait and try it a few more times before writing a review. I can now say, after another 3 trips there, that Zaika is one of the best features of Northeast Philadelphia. It's right behind Nifty Fifties, so look for the neon lights, and then park your car in the strip mall. 

They ask you how spicy you want the food, and will prepare it to that level of heat.  So, don't feel intimidated about trying Indo-Pak food for the first time.  It won't overwhelm you.

The leftovers somehow taste even better.  The staff is friendly.  It's a pretty quiet dining room, although the dining room is not much to look at.  There's no soda fountain, so you have to buy cans or bottles of soda/water/vitamin water from a cooler next to the counter. And I don't think they have a restroom for customers. Maybe it's in the back, but there aren't any signs for it.

But frankly, all of the dining room features are unimportant because the food is just so very good.  I would recommend this 10 out of 10 times to friends and family.  Northeast Philly has a surplus of pizza/cheese-steak/wing places. Zaika is a fresh change of pace from the usual take-out places around us.  Forget about some of the best Indo-Pak food you'll ever have (which it is!), this is some of the best food you'll ever have in Philadelphia.
Three words for ya: Chicken Tikka Biryani

No but seriously, the food here is the real deal. -1 star for service.

Came here for lunch on a weekday. Place was empty but 2 parties of 6 showed up after us. It was Ramadan so we couldn't drink our byob wine, but the chef was super respectful and so we were. Ordered chicken tikka biryani, lamb curry, and garlic naan which we asked for chili to be on as well. Here's the thing, the server was polite but not the most helpful, they were out of beef completely and the chef came out to tell us that. It's a hole in the wall essentially, and the server and chef seemed to be the only ones working, and the server got overwhelmed real quick with these three total parties. Considering we were in a rush, we had to ask her multiple times to speed it up with the check, otherwise the slow service wouldn't have been an issue. She didn't even bring water until we asked! Strange to me. Anyway, onto the food- it's amazing. At first I was nervous but when I tasted the food it was insanely good. I LOVE spicy food so we got everything spicy, which had real authentic spice to it which wimps would not be able to handle. I loved it! The naan is impeccable (ask for both chili and garlic for a kick) and the chicken tikka biryani was basically chicken rice with lots of spicy seasoning and chicken pieces. It was almost red because of how seasoned it was (a very good thing) but I wish it had a bit more chicken in it.

Overall I'd probably just order takeout next time- there's nothing too great about eating in here.
Amazing lamb rogangosh and parata. Waiter was very sweet and attentive. Would recommend.
Still great food, some cosmetic updates in the dining room make it a little less butcher shop and grocery store-esque. Chef and owner are still the same and thankfully so is the food! Hands down the best Pakistani food, and will even give Indian restaurants a run for their money!
My local friends brought me here and I absolutely loved it. The staff are incredibly polite and thoughtful - full of smiles and kindness. The food was excellent; just the right amount of spices with good flavor. Will come back when am in town
This place has incredible Indian/Pakistani food, it's more of a take out place so don't judge it for its grocery store appearance. Very friendly owners and great fresh food. Priced fairly
A total gem in NE Philly
The chicken tikka masala is amazing here. Beware though, if you say spicy... It's going to make you sweat. The takeout service is great at lunch time, and the portions could be shared.
Though I've only had two dishes here I quite liked them a lot and plan on coming back.

Firstly I had the goat Keema Naan which was fabulous. The goat was perfectly seasoned and the bread was baked very well. I then had the chicken tikka biryani, and despite the red food coloring, I really liked it. I got mild spice not knowing what to expect and it was on par with what I expected (as in, my nose only ran a little and I didn't break out in a sweat). 

Be forewarned this is a take out place, though I ate in. There's not much to see and I was a little disappointed in their drink selection (no lassi, really?). Also their dessert selection (only two options?). However, I feel their good food more than makes up for it. Friday night take out, here I come!
The worst customer service , I waited for 45 minutes for just a cup of tea.. the manager was so rude to the waitress, I felt bad for her.. when I asked  the waitress to check if the food is ready the manager yelled at her.. and I could hear him, out in the dining area.... the manager doesn't have any manners ...
Eating here is like dining in a 7-11. Horrible atmosphere. The food was pretty decent though. Especially the basmati rice, vegetable samosas, and the naan. The chicken tikka masala was quite heavy (but delicious)  I am kind of big on atmosphere though. This establishment needs to hire a decorator, ASAP.
We came here around 7-8 pm and it wasn't busy at all, so they serve our table quick. Place look very simple but clean. We tried chicken briyani and mixed grill platter. So first of all both dishes are huge, so easily can share. Briyany was too spicy for me so I worked on grilled platter. Lamb chops were just awesome. Juicy, soft and flavorful. Very good, 4 stars!
Update!: It looks like they've made a few changes to the decor.. :) good job folks!.. I'm glad they're working towards an improved interior because the food's really good!

This is my go to indian spot in the northeast.. They have never let me down with the consistency of their food. I've ordered for up to 125 people from this restaurant and didn't see them cut any corners.. They recently came under new management and the food continues to be on point with my expectation. 

Granted they are not my favorite indian restaurant in philly but they come pretty close... Why 4 stars? Because of the decor.. It just needs one final push towards making the seating more comfortable and giving it the look and feel of a classic indian restaurant and bringing it out of the cafe look.. Apart from that.. HIGHLY recommended.
Unbelievable food.  Best I've ever had and it's always almost empty.  Sure the ambiance isn't great, but oh the food is so amazing!!
Came here recently after grandpa took the kids for an overnight and they don't care for Indian food.

My wife and I tried a large variety of appetizers including the Vegetable Pakora (spiced and lightly fried in batter), Vegetable Samosa, and Aloo Tikki (fried spiced patties) along with some Naan.

All of the above appetizers were delicious and we felt the Samosa and Tikki had the same insides, but prepared in different manners.  The Pakora was not over fried and really tasted nice.

For my main meal, I had the Lamb Karahi (w/fresh tomatoes, herbs, and pepper).  wife had Chicken Tikka Marsala.  I asked for spicy, wife did not.  The color was quite a vibrant red with the Tikka Marsala and we both felt it had too much of a cream flavor which was overpowering.  After the chicken was all gone, there was still quite a bit of the sauce left.  Since I asked for spicy the wife did not even try it.  It had a lot of lamb and I felt it could have been even hotter.  Tasty, though.

As others have said, there is hardly any ambiance here as a sit-down restaurant.  Very basic tables, uncomfortable chairs, and a view of some refrigerators for sodas and desserts.  There is a television.  A few others came in for sit-down meals,  but I think this is a better take-out place.

Overall, for Indian food this is a good choice!
Worst experience by far. We walked in on Mother's Day for lunch. Not a single person was dining in (makes sense now). The waitress had no knowledge of the menu and when asked a question became very frustrated. Later I asked if we can speak to someone that had the answers to my questions (menu isn't clear) and the waitress then went to go get someone else to assist us , few minutes later she came back and says "the owner is next door he said you can walk over and come ask him whatever questions you have" at that point we got up and left the restaurant. Extremely un professional and showed ignorance. Won't ever come back here. Save you're selves a trip and try the many other places that have some decency on how to treat their customers or just people in general.
This was my 1st time trying out this place based on reviews from YELP. I ordered takeout on a Saturday evening and was disappointed in the food and service overall.

To begin with the person taking the order over the phone had no clue of the items on their menu. Upon pick up of the order they forgot to give me part of the order, good thing we checked everything b4 diving off, upon inquiry they were like oops we forgot.

We got home and were ready to eat, to our dismay the two different sabjis we ordered were the exact same ones, they used the same ingredients and sauce for both sabjis, while according to their menu it was supposed to be completely two different items.

On top of it the food was very oily, excessive oil was floating all over the sabjis
The best Indian food I've ever had, and I've had plenty. The owner and chef are the biggest sweethearts ever. 
Entrees are big enough for 2 to share. 
The garlic naan is to die for. 


Honestly, the best Indian food in the area!
100 stars if I could!
The atmosphere is nice and quaint; it is not big inside, but you certainly don't feel cramped. Very good!

I had Chicken Vindaloo and Bhindi Masala and my wife Chicken Tikka Masala .....it was extremely tasty!!!! The portion size was huge and came with rice. I also had the Garlic naan bread which was amazing . I couldn't finish it all, but certainly tried my best.

The menu was very diverse and affordable. I highly recommend for anyone in the area who loves good Indian food.
Excellent BYOB Indian restaurant. Went for dinner last night with 2 others. We got vegetarian samosas, chicken saag (medium spice) ; shrimp vindaloo (high spice); chicken tikka masala (med spice) along with garlic naan and garlic cheese naan. Easy to get a table on a Saturday night. Very good service. Portions were good, we had a lot of leftovers to take home and were stuffed. I highly recommend this restaurant! 

It can be a little confusing to figure out how to get in the restaurant. The entrance is through unmarked doors to the right of the restaurant, which sort of don't look like they are connected to the restaurant. Hopefully they will move their hours or something into the door. On the left is an Indian market and take out pick-up. 

Eat here!!!!
I thought the food was tasty but they used a lot of food coloring which I never like or want and the poor I bread was not completely cooked and was raw and full of oil which I feel is a sloppy mistake. There are a lot of better Indian options for better quality so I'm not sure I will return.
You need to go here.

The prices are very reasonable.

The food is great.

The people there are awesome.

Oh, and the food is great.

That's really all you need to know.

Seriously, their kebabs are delicious. The naan is always done right. Put the kebab inside the naan, and you have something even more amazing to eat.

Try the curries there too. Smother the rice with them and you'll be busy chowing down for a little bit.

A lot of folks here have given the food top marks but hesitate to give Zaika five stars. 

They say it lacks ambiance or it doesn't offer a "dining experience".

In all honesty, there are places for you to go out and enjoy your "dining experience"-- this place is about hearty and flavorful food. Call it a "food experience". 

And for that, I give it 5 stars.
Found this place thanks to yelp.
We enjoyed lunch - Acharee chicken(which is gravy) comes with Rice. 
Garlic Naan was delicious.
Our server was very friendly. She suggested rather than ordering biriyani we can use Acharee chicken gravy for the regular & garlic naans we ordered, which we enjoyed very much.
A fantastic place that I wish I had found earlier. Very friendly staff. They have a really diverse menu that offers some great choices for even picky eaters. I've ordered from here about for times so far and haven't been disappointed yet. 

I highly recommend both the chicken 65 and the butter chicken. They offer a choice of mild, medium and spicy seasoning for their entrees. Even at "spicy", the food was still fairly mild. So don't be afraid to add a little extra heat to your order. The bread selection was a treat as well. The garlic naan is a stand out. 

Overall I love this place. I can't wait to go back.
I have been coming to this place for some time now even the owners have switched a few times, but the TASTE of food hasn't changed at all.
Sunday morning they serve amazing 'halwa puri' (a traditional Punjabi breakfast) you have to notify them a few days prior because they have to make a special order.
I always enjoy paneer chicken, chicken jalfrezi, tandoori chicken with some mango lassi and its freaking amazing. (rolling eyes amazing !!! ) 
You have to tell before ordering that you want the spice level to be authentic Pakistani spice level and it just goes amazing with Mango Lassi. This place is relatively inexpensive for the quality of food.
I just hope this place stays around
I've done takeout here a few times.  The atmosphere simply does not lend itself to dining in.

I was a big fan of Rasavat in Krewstown Shopping Center, but they've apparently shut down, and Zaika was recommended by a friend.

They certainly give you a nice portion, and it tastes fine, but I would say that it's a place I go if I'm craving Indian and I don't feel like making the trek over to Tiffin.

If anyone has some 19114/19116 area recommendations for  great Indian, I'm all ears!
Great hole in the wall Indian. My wife and I figured we would try this spot after reading reviews here on Yelp. We are so glad we did. Yes the place is a combination of a grcocery store and small Arby's style seating, but who cares. Its by no means a romantic night out but if your searching for flat out great Indian then stop here. We brought our own wine and beer and had a great meal. I had the Chicken Vindaloo which was amazing and not too spicy.
Togo Review only

2 orders of biryani: 1 chicken tikka and 1 paneer tikka. Called in and placed my order, it was ready in under 10 min. The paneer tikka rice was brown and chicken was pink- i guess to match the color of the tikka. Overall , the portions were huge for approx 10 bucks each. My only problem was the lack of meat and paneer in each box of biryani. The rice was very well flavored and friends preferred the chicken vs paneer biryani. Each order can easy feed 2 hungry people. 

Its a room with a few tables and chairs thrown together- pakistani news playing in the background. It seems like its meant to be a togo place. They could probably use some hookahs in there to spice it up:) Uncle gave me a 2 $ discount. 

Call on your drive back from work, pick up a few things and feed the family for a decent price . Will return if im in the area.
Wow. Just wow.

I've eaten take-out from here before when it was just a small grocery shop with tables and seating, and haven't been over since they renovated. The place looks AWESOME now. They still have the grocery shop, but they also have a full-blown restaurant right next door.

I've had a lot of good Indian food at several places around the Wayne/KOP area of PA, but dare I say this place far surpasses those restaurants. We ordered several dishes: Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Vindaloo, and Mattar Paneer. 

The Korma was my mother's choice. It was new to me, so I took a bite and now it's my new favorite Indian dish. So creamy, buttery and delicious. I wish I ordered it.

I actually had the chicken vindaloo. I love the flavor because it reminds me of a Filipino dish I had growing up called Chicken Afritada. Basically potato, chicken thighs (boneless/skinless), and tomato all stewed together. Very yummy. 

My wife had her go-to, Mattar Paneer... aka... "the peas & cheese". Sauce was creamy, cheese was tasty, and peas had a nice snap to them.

Finally, my daughter had the Chicken Tikka Masala. There is something different about their tikka masala than other places that I REALLY enjoy... you can actually taste the smoky, tandoori flavor in the chicken. Most places just put plain chicken in it, but I really liked the subtle smokiness with Zaika's version.

Our server was SO super sweet and nice. She asked all of us for our heat levels for each dish, and I told her my daughter wanted her Tikka Masala "as mild as you can make it". When reading back the order, she says, "chicken korma, mild... matar paneer, mild... chicken vindaloo, medium...  tikka masala, EXTRA mild"... lol. That made us pop. I wish I had more of a tip to give her than i did. She did an awesome job.

The prices are on the higher end, but I feel the quality of the dishes make it well worth it. About $15 a head.
On a business trip with a group from India, they were  vegetarian and wanted an Indian restaurant. Found Zaika, which means "taste" in Hindi. Being executives from a company that supplies us chemicals they were expecting a fancier place but I went inside and got menus and after seeing the items on the menu they felt that this was a quality restaurant. We went in and they selected a broad range of items on the menu and of the six dishes they were floored by how good they were. Needless to say I wanted to say that based on my friends from Bombay, this was the real deal for Indian food.
Came here for a dinner with a friend - I've heard of this place many times but have never tried it so I was really excited. I arrived at Zaika before my friend and even though there were 2 occupied tables - it was VERY QUIET. Even after my friend came, it still was quiet to the point we were whispering which felt really awkward. 

Our waiter was nice and I asked him about spicy dish recommendations he had and he told me to get the chicken karahi, which he said was the spiciest. However when I got the entree, it was not spicy AT ALL and I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong, it was still good but it would have been perfect if it was spicy. When I told him it wasn't spicy, he said he made it a medium because he thought it would be too spicy for me. I was irritated when he said this because I can determine what spice level I want without him deciding for me. The cheese naan was really tasty and so was the mango lassi. 

While we were eating, the two other tables left but they were not cleaned for our entire dinner! They had to have left at least 30-45 minutes before we did. By the time we left, a huge party left as well - so that's 4 tables he had to clean and it seemed like there was only one waiter. 

The only good thing was that they had a nice Zaika pen to sign our receipts with which he let me keep but I'm not sure if I would come back here even though the food was good.
Have been going here for years. Staff and owner have always been very pleasant. One of my favorite desi restaurant if not the best. The chicken tikka Biryani is my favorite along with first khadi. 

Recently been ordering the chili chicken and that's been great. Definitely would recommend this spot to ask if my friends.
Delicious, full of flavor and the price is comparable to other restaurants in the area. The lady who runs it is an absolute joy & I look forward to my bi-monthly trips here. The saag paneer, bhindi masala and the chana masala are all I order. Along with naan and vegetable samosas. My mouth is just watering thinking about that yummy goodness.
I visited Zaika for the first time last night and was so amazed by my meal and experience that I felt compelled to give them a review...they more than deserve it. 

First off, you are greeted by a most gracious and knowledgeable staff. Our waiter was patient while my party of 3 decided what to order, and gave us recommendations based on our personal likes and dislikes. We felt like welcomed guests in his home, and you could tell that he enjoyed his job. 

Our appetizers, Garlic Naan and Chicken Pakora came out quickly and piping hot. The Garlic Naan was no doubt delicious, it was topped with fresh garlic and fresh herbs, and was perfect by itself or dipped into the sauces of our main dishes. The Chicken Pakora was my favorite. It was flavorful, slightly spicy, crispy and especially wonderful when dipped in either the yogurt or tamarind sauces. 

We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Korma, and I got the Chicken Tandoori. The Chicken Tandoori was a recommendation from our waiter and I am SO glad I ordered it. It was succulent, juicy, smoky from the coals/clay oven, spicy, and had a vibrant red color. TRULY SCRUMPTIOUS! Both the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Korma were complex, wonderfully seasoned, each had large pieces of chicken or lamb. Our only complaint was that there wasn't more of it for leftovers, but we did take home sauce and rice.

In conclusion, when the waiter asked how our food was I jokingly asked him if the owners were looking to adopt a daughter. Yes, it is THAT good...go now!!
Came here tonight with my sister. Like the other reviews say, do not judge this place by its appearances. When you first walk in it seems like it could Definately use a little redecoration. But with the good reviews I had to try it! We ordered the garlic naan, chicken biryani, Butter chicken and chicken 65. The do not have fountain soda, they're beverages are all bottles you get from a fridge. The food was awesome! Loved the garlic naan which came with a cucumber yogurt sauce. We got mild spiced butter chicken and chicken 65, both delicious. The chicken biryani was bone in chicken, and awesome. The waitress was suppper friendly. I would absolutely recommend for a takeout place..
Great food, great service and great price.

I've been coming here for a while now and never bothered to write a review until now.  My family ALWAYS gets the chicken tikkah masala, its that good, trust me.  Their naan is also good however I have had better naan's before.  Chicken 65 is good as well but the recipe is def. a bit different.  Their chicken kabobs are on par with any kabobs you might have.  Overall, this place is top notch and can go head to head with any other indo-pak food in the area.
Wow!  Yummy, different,  delicious.   Our favorite is the lamb curry and korma.  With 10 different kinds of naan!!!  Don't let the outside deter you (because we almost changed our minds)...go in and try something new!   You'll be glad you did!
Wish I was inside as opposed to OUTSIDE! CLOSED ON MONDAYS!!! Someone please update the information. I come to the area once a year for business. Great, flavorful Indian food! Friendly staff and clean place. Small dining area inside, I would consider it takeout if I lived nearby, but they do have a few small tables inside - no beer, wine or liquor.
This place was a great find. I'd say its a 4.5 but just because of the interior decor. The food was really good, that's a solid 5. We had a vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, onion kulcha & lamb rogan josh. Go expecting great indian food but not great decor. We were giggling on the paint job, very easy to tell it wasn't done by a professional. It sits right behind Nifty Fifties so it kind of gets lost & not seen well from Grant Ave but so worth the effort.
We've eaten here 3 times and it seems that each time it gets even better! I had the shrimp malabar the last time and it was like a spiritual experience. Wonderful! The Naan  is always good and the service is quite attentive. It's hard to believe that this place isn't packed every time we go since this area of NE is pretty sparse on Indian.
I've been here several times. The price is reasonable, food is quite good, and the service as well. I've always ordered take-out. One time I went, and the guy who normally takes my order wasn't there... Instead there were 2 ladies... I think one was the wife of the owner. Or something along those lines. Anyway they were nice but when I came back to pick up my order they handed me the wrong bag (someone else's order). They should have confirmed the contents, but frankly I should have as well, so I accept at least part of the blame. I ended up going all the way home before I realized the screw-up and came back. I wasn't angry but I was definitely hungry and super-annoyed. The two ladies were gracious and apologetic, and they even threw in a courtesy snack for my trouble.
Best food ever eaten in North America ... Just need to work on service that all but not bad ...i am going life time costumer ...
Dinner was a simple lamb, spicy tomato dish, basmati rice, a chicken samosa and a light, crisp naan. Yes the ambiance is a classic strip mall, a Pakistan/India store/meat counter/restaurant - but I'm not here to impress or be impressed by that . Bonus - a friendly conversation with a local resident, and the lights (and AC) go out toward the end. Woot! Authentic all the way!
Finally got around to trying Zaika today.  Food was very good; however it was a bit difficult to tell initially as the spice level was definitely not even along the same scoville scale as I ordered.  Way too hot for mild.  That said the food was tasty and portions ample, more than enough for two or three or maybe four, which was really challenging for me as I'm the only Indian food lover in the house, so I will be eating vegetable Biryani for weeks.   I got take out and the young woman who waited on me was helpful and absolutely delightful.  I will definitely be going back, but will choice other less heat provoking options.  Than you Yelpers of a good recommendation.
Very very good Indian / Paki food at reasonable prices. They could use more of a drink selection, and it is not fancy or anything, but our server BeeBee was super friendly and TRY THE FRUIT SALAD FOR DESERT which was really delicious. Portions are very large and the spices in the Goat Vindaloo and Chicken Biryani were authentic and well-balanced. We will be back. My friends from Pakistan seemed pleased.
I recently discovered this place while driving through the Northeast and was pleasantly surprised.  The dining area is nothing special, but the lack of interior charm is more than made up for by the food.  I ordered my Indian restaurant standard - Saag Paneer - and it was among the best I've had.  The portion was large, as was the side of rice it came with.  In addition, the prices are fairly low and the service was friendly and accommodating.  Don't let the strip mall setting fool you and check out Zaika the next time you're in this area.
I've been to this place a few times and while I haven't sampled even half the menu yet I can say I'd be surprised if I received something lacking in quality.  The flavors were all excellent and the spice level was in line with what I'd requested.  The people manning the shop are friendly and relatively speedy about take-out orders.  It'd be nice if they delivered, but it's worth the trip over.  The atmosphere is a bit odd inside.  The interior walls are lined with shelves of Indo-Pakistani grocery items.  I doubt that would affect the food much, though.
THEIR FOOD IS AMAZING!!!!! I absolutely love this place. This is the place I take people who have know prior experience with Indian food because I know they'll love it :D Don't be fooled by its looks. This place rocks!!!!!
This place is pretty divey, but I normally careless about the atmosphere as long as there's good food, which this place doesn't quite have. We ordered the veggie samosa, naan, Aloo tikki, lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala.  The veggie samosa and aloo tikki were not flavorful and very bland. It was premade, sitting on the counter, and bagged when I got there to pick them up. They didn't even bothering reheating them before giving them to the customer.  I heated them up when I went home, but they both tasted like bland mashed up potatoes. No spices or flavors that are typical of Indian food. The chicken tikka masala was okay. It is normally my fave dish to order, but the chicken tikka masala here  lacks flavor. It was honestly a bit too red and oily that I was a bit scared to eat it. The lamb vindaloo was the only dish that I enjoyed, but there was barely any lamb. It was mostly sauce and oil, but very nicely spiced. The naan was huge disappointment. Two of the three naans were burnt. They were wrapped in aluminum foil, and by the time that I got home (15 min drive), it was a soggy mess. Thank god, they included rice with it so I had something to eat the dishes with. But overall, if it wasn't for the lamb vindaloo and nicely flavored rice, this place will get a 1 star.
I'm a great fan of the Pakistani cuisine at this casual place in northeast Philadelphia. After chatting with the new owner I learned that it's undergoing renovations and the appearance will improve soon. The quality of food is amazing and the owner would like to maintain the consistency of food that the customers have always enjoyed here.
I love the food, love the owner the lady who waits on you is so lovely and so warm. Chicken Makhani was excellent and Chicken Kashmir was amazing my friend and loved it don't worry about the decor the food is the best Indian around.
Ordered Chicken vindaloo and chicken rice biryani with naan bread. First off let me say the portions for the biryani is massive and definitely worth the price. Nicely seasoned basamati rice and very aromatic. The vindaloo was decent
This is place is hands down the BEST Pakistani food in the this city, probably the whole east coast! Everything is delicious, and its very economically priced. The service can be slow, it's hit-or-miss, but always very nice and courteous and with a smile. Its not very fancy, agree with another reviewer that its like eating in the middle of an Indian grocery store, and you will occasionally have people showing up to pick-up their catering orders, or worse their raw meat orders. But you don't really notice it as you eat your Nihari, or Chicken 65, or Tikka Masala, or kakob roll, or...well you get my drift. Chef Butt belongs in a 5 star restaurant serving the president, but until then, he is available in Northeast Philly, behind the Nifty-Fifties, across from the new Five Guys.
I came here a little before they opened and they still took my order :) I ordered the butter chicken and the chicken tiki masala. It does come with rice, so that was great! However it was too early to order the naan because the oven wasn't going to be heated up fast enough. The samosa was delicious! 

Will come here again :)
The service was unbelievable, Its been a while since I've been in an Indian restaurant where I've been this satisfied . Its hard to find a reasonable priced Indian restaurant nowadays, and if it is cheap they're low quality. But Zaika impressed me both with their authentic and delicious quality food, with their unbeatable prices. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken and I recommend everyone to go visit. Too good.
Worst customer service. Don't waist your money. They don't care about their customer.
Best around. I love everything on their menu especially the lamb byriani and Palak paneer and beef samosas. Drooling right now thinking about it. Omw to pick some up and I can't wait! Much delicious. Such flavor. -doge
I love trying foods from different countries, so when I was presented with the opportunity to visit Zaika, I was so excited. Zaika is primarily Indo-Pak food. 

Upon arrival, I could see the restaurant was very decorative and welcoming. It was quiet, and not many customers were dining in. Most people were doing take-out. 
A woman approached us and asked us if we needed assistance. Once we were seated, we started with drinks and appetizers. To begin, I ordered veggie samosas and garlic cheese naan. Both were delicious. The samosas were crispy on the outside and stuffed with vegetables and potatoes on the inside. The two sauces (one was yogurt based, the other wasn't) that came with the samosas were awesome, too. Garlic cheese naan was amazing, and tasted like white pizza. The fried shrimp I pictured in this review was an order my friend got, and she very much enjoyed them. They looked and smelled fantastic.

What I especially loved about Zaika was how many vegetarian options were available. There was one full page of vegetarian meals! My entree is what set this restaurant apart from any other Mediterranean spot I've ever been to. I ordered Malai Kofta. Deep fried vegetable balls simmered in a creamy sauce. I fell in love with the sauce more than anything. I ordered it mild, and it was perfect. Could honestly eat something like this everyday and not get sick of it. It comes with a side of rice. 

I will definitely be re-visiting this establishment very soon. Can't stop thinking about the Malai Kofta. Service and quality of food was outstanding.
My gosh! This place has the most delicious food! What a treat for the northeast! I am always on the hunt for somewhere local to eat that is at least edible! Everything we had here from appetizer to entrée was out of this world! I highly recommend Zaika. You will not be disappointed.
Food was fine, nothing too exciting. Service was very poor. Called in for pickup and they got our order wrong. We waited about 30 minutes for the dish they got wrong, while the other food from our order sat cooling by the register. Had to reheat the food in the microwave when we finally got home. Very poor experience, not even an apology for the mistake or the wait. I won't be returning.
The food was not good. Literally some of the worst indian food I've ever had. The waitress watched us the whole time as we were eating and she gave us rude looks as she took our order. Didn't even ask what we wanted to drink, brought us waters that tasted like it came from a pond. Clearly they do not have a water filter. Gross. They bang on the kitchen door when food is ready to be served, and it was so loud, I almost shit my pants. Partly from the noise, partly from the horrible food. I don't understand how this has any more than 1 star.
Really great hole in the wall place! The food was very good and the hostess was very nice and helpful in explaining what to order. Had the butter chicken and naan. Both were the best I've had in the US.
Just enjoyed a great dinner with my daughter.  If you're looking for ambiance you may be disappointed. However, if you're looking for good Indian cuisine at prices where you can afford to experiment drive straight to Zaika's NOW!!! 

The place was empty except for 2 women waiting for take out.  Apparently they do a great take out business but I'd rather eat in and enjoy the food straight from the kitchen.  The server was helpful with questions...I think she is the owner's daughter.

My daughter and I indulged in aloo tikki, garlic naan, beef & chicken kebabs, shrimp biryani, tandoori chicken and chicken tikki masala.  Hopefully I spelled everything correctly!!

Everything had great flavors and was just as we  ordered...medium spicy. The next time and there will be a next time we will experiment a little more and try the next heat level up!!
An oasis of fresh food among the surrounding chain places. It's a great little restaurant with an extensive menu that is staffed by non pretentious and helpful staff.   

The Lamb Curry had just the right kick and the Chicken Tika Masala had rich and delicious flavor. 

I look forward to another layover at the NE Philly airport just so I can visit this restaurant again.
Great service and food. The service is on par and the food is great. I especially like the daal and chicken dishes (butter chicken and karahi)-- very delicious. It's probably the best tasting dishes and most authentic in Philly.
This is an incredible, hole-in-the-wall, Indian-Pakistani restaurant. It's tiny and is both restaurant and takeout (also grocery store), but the food is some of the best Indian I have ever had. The chef/owner is so friendly. Inexpensive, memorable food. We tried chicken vindaloo and tikka masala. Both delicious as was the naan. Will be back many, many times to work down the menu.
Went there for the first time yesterday for lunch.  friendly and very accommodating.
Had the Lamb korma, chicken seekh kababs, biriyani and tandoori chicken.
every dish was outstanding and left us wanting more but we were stuffed.  needless to say, we ordered some other stuff to go.
ambience is definitely not Le-Bec-fin but these typical hole in the wall places are rated much better and higher in my book.
I have ordered takeout a few times from here before and have never been disappointed. Today was my first visit in a while and also my first dine in experience. 

I'm not very adventurous when it comes to trying new foods but my husband introduced me to Mattar Paneer a few years ago and I've been hooked on "peas and cheese" ever since. This place makes the best peas and cheese I have ever tasted, it's like a little bowl of liquid gold and well... green. My only gripe is the price. While everyone else at my table had chicken dishes I had peas and cheese and was charged 14.99 which I felt was a little steep. (But I still paid it and likely will again) 

The rest of my group enjoyed Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Korma all of which were prepared with excellence and all roughly about $15 a plate. 

Although I only drank water, the rest of my group also enjoyed Mango Lassi's, which received rave reviews. I'm not a big fan of the plain yogurt tang but it's honestly just a matter of my own preference. 

We shared appetizers among the table. An order of samosas (which although they are delicious, they are packing some unexpected heat) as well as samosa chat (basically a deconstructed samosa). There was a sweet dipping sauce called "sweet tamarind chutney" which to me tasted like Christmas in a cup (that's not a bad thing). And there was also a creamy dipping sauce which was yummy as well. 

The new dining room looked awesome, authentic color scheme and images dressed the walls. The music was not loud but it was a nice background noise and completely authentic to the culture. The building was exceptionally clean and tidy. 

I noticed on my way out they offer a buffet for $13.99 a head on the weekends and $9.99 on weekdays offered noon to 4pm. Maybe I'll have to try that next to expand my taste buds. 

If you are traveling in the northeast and craving some delicious food, this place is a must visit. The atmosphere, food and staff will leave you pleased and coming back for more.
Got take out on a Friday night and had enough left over for dinner the next day!!! Food was very authentic, super good, and fresh! Would definitely order again and highly recommend!!!
The food here is very good. We always get take out, and have yet to not enjoy a meal. Why the 3 stars?? Okay, there is never a lot of meat in their dishes and sometimes the sauces are a little to oily. Besides that, I think this is one of the best for this type of food in the area.
I visited today after a while away. The store part was disheveled, there was a staff member not wearing any gloves and butchering chicken in open air right in the corner of the store. I ordered take out despite my reservation. The food was not as I requested, everything was very spicy when I ordered mild and medium. There was no difference in heat level. I asked if I could use the rest room while I waited and I should have gone running then. I was choking on the smell of cologne (which I couldn't necessarily fault them with but it was still bad) there was no toilet paper on the roller, the toilet seat was filthy and sticky, if it wasn't an emergency I would have held it, honestly I probably would have had better luck with the trash can, despite being overfilled at 12:00pm when there were no customers in sight. I think the prices may have increased because I paid almost $40 for 3 dishes. Be warned! I hope this was a one time occurrence but I'm concerned, this used to be one of my go to places.
Update from 2 years ago. This place has turned into a high quality Indian Restaurant. Honestly, its the best in the tri-county area hands down with the Spice Rack following in 2nd. They opened a full service place next door away from the grocery store and did the place up very nice. The portions are great size and the food is absolutely fantastic.
Sampled their freezing cold buffet in July, 2017.  The place was empty, and my fiance' and I were the only customers. The food was good, but I don't think I should have to ask the waitress to microwave my plate of food for me.  That's a problem.  As I said before, the food has potential, but if it's not hot, who wants it?  Also... I love a clean floor as much as anyone else, but NOT while I'm eating. Someone decided mopping the floor with bleach while customers were eating was a good idea. For me... it was the final straw. We will not return.
