food was great, service was a little slow because of the restaurant week rush.

i had the house salad, which was delicately dressed in a ginger vinaigrette. it was served as a very generous portion - it could have been an entree in itself. the fried pork dumplings (my second course) were served piping hot and had a great crunch and juicy filling.

i selected their maki combo as my third course, which included a spicy tuna roll, yellowtail jalapeño mango roll and a salmon avocado roll. the fish was fresh and i loved the deep bowl that it was served in - felt like i was plucking sushi out of the sea.

the best part of the meal however was... dessert! you were given a choice of two selections off the menu and my friend and i decided to get one of each (chocolate cake, black sesame mochi, apple crisp, and pumpkin bread pudding).

the pumpkin bread pudding was amazing - i would come back just to pick up some dessert if they still have this on the menu next time. it had a chewier texture than most bread puddings - i think they might have snuck some mochiko flour in it to give it that japanese edge.
I put off trying Zama for far too long. I'm not sure why, but it was a foolish decision in hindsight after two fantastic meals at the hands of this very talented chef. My first experience took place a couple weeks ago at a Cook class. The several course meal was impressive, and I quickly requested a venue change for my upcoming birthday dinner with my boyfriend. 

Saturday was the big night. I entered the new (to me) incarnation of my former stomping grounds (Loie, RIP). The lighting was dim and the blonde slats adorning the walls made for an attractive atmosphere. I requested a martini with olives and stressed that I wanted it just the teeniest bit dirty. It seems that every time I ask for this, my drink comes back too salty ninety percent of the time. But our server was listening and, more importantly, the bartender was listening, and the two martinis I ordered during our evening were perfect. 

We started off with pan fried dumplings, which were great. What's not to love about a dumpling? These were better than average. Next, Kirin braised short ribs over crunchy noodles. Damn this dish was good. Things were off to a great start. The hamachi tataki had been a feature at our Cook class, and it was just as delicious a second time. 

My favorite of the night, a dish that I will lust over until the next time I have it, was the king crab oshizushi. Words fail me in trying to describe this buttery, delectable delight. Just trust me. After that, the maki paled in comparison but it was still very good. The surfer roll and the wasabi tuna roll were both very tasty and I'd order either again. 

We passed on dessert and went off into the night. In the days since, I've had Zama on my mind like a new crush. I'm thinking threesome.
The sushi here is so delicious that I pondered moving to Philadelphia after my first few bites. I will not need to move as the Acela Express is only a one hour train ride away from NYC. It would be worth the trek back just so I can eat here again. Especially when you sit in first class and can order free drinks on the way. I used to sit in the parking lot otherwise known as the 405 or 5 North Freeways for longer than that on trips from OC to LA to visit places I loved as much as Zama. And driving sucks compared to taking the train. There's no friggin waitress or comfort on the freeway. I'm lucky if I don't get cut off while being flipped the bird. That settles it. I'm going to start plotting my next trip. It's really that good! Plus, Philadelphia is a fun city.

I'm addicted to the Spicy Chirashi which consists of various chef's selection of sashimi over a bed of seasoned spicy rice. It's only available at lunch but the sushi chef (Kevin) was nice enough to make it for me anyway on an evening visit since I liked it so much.

I also really enjoyed the Kumamoto Oyster Shooter with Chili Daikon, Scallions, Masago, and Ponzu with Tabasco. I opt for a version without sake because I prefer it that way. And speaking of sake... I ordered the Koshi No Junmai Ginjo Sake and I recommend it if you like sake that is sweet but not too sweet and a smooth finish.

Here's the other stuff I tried, all of which was excellent:

Yellowtail
Scottish Salmon
Kindai Bluefin Tuna
& Japanese Unagi

Five star service provided by Mary and the sushi chef Kevin. Extra shoutouts for them because they made my sushi experience first class all the way.
An amazing, four and a half-star experience.  I'm not kidding, a few small details landed Zama just below perfection, but high enough on my list that it will be getting another shot at glory soon enough.

JJ and I arrived Saturday evening for dinner.  Since it was snowing, we hoped the lack of reservation might not be a problem (hint: book a reservation).  Luckily, they were able to seat us at the sushi bar quickly.  Turns out, the sushi bar is a great place to sit since you get to see all the menu options come to life.

A little gun shy about a recent chef tasting experience, we decided to make our own tasting experience.  First up, the Kirin Ichiban Braised Short Ribs.  I wondered how I might eat such a dish with chopsticks, however, the meat was so tender that was not a problem.  It was probably my favorite.  Next, a simple Oshinko.  It helped clear our palate and prepare us for item three, the Sufer roll (yellowtail jalapeño roll topped with tuna sashimi, avocado salsa, and crispy rice cracker).  I lied, this roll had to be my favorite.  It was fresh and delicious with a variety of textures which really helped enhance the flavors .  Item four, a refreshing Tuna Usuzukuri, to no surprise, also made its case for my favorite.  It was sliced into 6 pieces for easier enjoyment which ensured eat bite delivered the chef's intentions.

Our last main of the night was the Jose Garces Chirashi.  It is a rice dish with various fish on top. It was good, but not the way to end our night. It just didn't seem well balanced (although the dish itself was setup nicely to split between two).  We also tried three small desserts, since they have a sampler 3x$10 dessert option.  While all enjoyable, none blew me away.  For the complete picture, we had the Yuzu Crème Brulee, Banana Springroll, and Apple Gyoza.  Make sure to ask about the desserts, as the menu is a bit nondescript.

To end where I began, Yay! I'm a fan nearly Woohoo'ing.  I'll be back and recommend you plan a visit as well.
The only reason why they are getting two stars is because the sashimi was fresh and our server was named Marc Anthony. Over priced for crap sushi. The eel and avacdo roll tasted like crap and you can never go wrong with an eel roll. The sushi rice was bland and mushy. This place was not good. I should have convinced my party to go to Morimotos... O Philly when are you gona have slammin sushi at decent price??!
I have a feeling I'm going to run out of synonyms for "awesome" while I write this review. Fair warning. 
My sister and I came here during Restaurant Week, and had a marvelous experience, which is not always the case for Restaurant Week.
We started out with the salad, which was fine.  A nice prelude to a phenomenal meal. 
I ventured off the price fixe a bit and ordered the pan seared scallops as an appetizer.  Best.things.ever.  Seriously, they were some of the most delicious bites of food I've ever tasted. The same could be said for the pork dumplings as well.  
For dinner I had the maki combination which was perfection. The sushi was hands down the best I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and try more. Also, it was matched perfectly with a nice glass of Malbec...delightful. 
After all this my sister and I shared the four mini desserts which were perfect. Little rice crispy treat sushi rolls? Hell yes. My favorite was the chocolate bread pudding though.
All of this fabulousness was matched by our awesome waiter Jonas. This was a perfect experience and I shall be back!
Honestly - the food was exquisite my last time to Zama (in June 2017) with a colleague for a $100 (no alcohol, no dessert) lunch.  Sushi, salads, appetizers, all sorts of wonderful fish.

Delightful.

Every bite was perfection.

Wish I could afford to dine here more often.
I joined two friends at Zama's tiny 8 seat bar for celebratory birthday drinks, appetizers and dessert on opening night.  Penne, the new to Philly bartender, was friendly and professional.  With her help we decided to indulge with a green tea liquor flavored drink (sweet), sake punch, lychee/ champagne flute (bubbly + mild) and a kettle 1 citron/ yuzu gimlet (tart + delicious).

We shared a tuna roll, avocado roll, vegetable tempura appetizer and kurobuta (pork) dumplings.  The rolls were made with fresh chewy seaweed and the dumplings looked like beautiful little purses.  The potato in the tempura was hard and undercooked but the rest of the dish was enjoyable.  

Our dessert was beautiful - and more than enough for 3 people to share.  The creme brulee was served in a traditional soup spoon - very clever and cute.  I also loved the green tea flavored cake.

Overall it was a classy, relaxing evening.  I can't wait for the Spring so I can enjoy the warm weather with a yuzu gimlet.
NEVER GOT OUR SUSHI!!!!!

So if breathing is to life as delivering an order is to a restaurant' s livelihood this place is on life support.

We had some basic apps like edamame, seaweed salad, and pan seared scallops.  They were decent. 

Then my son, daughter, and I received our sushi plates (four in all).  Portion sizes were not great, but now I understood why the price looked half way decent.  Only problem was we ordered 5 plates in total...one for my wife.

We waited 5 minutes before we started eating so we could have a family meal together, before she insisted we start.  So we did, along with a friendly reminder to waitress.  "Should be right out"

10 minutes....we're almost done, and no 5th plate.  15 minutes, we are done.  My wife is still food-less.  Now the waitress is just rushing by our table to avoid us.  30 minutes after we've all been served our food, we are done except my wife, and have reminded one of the managers...we have decided to leave and ask for the bill....irate of course.

As I sign the check, they have the nerve to say "If you want to wait one minute will give it to you to go?"  Huh?  Are you kidding me, we just waited 30+ minutes???

On my way out I talk to the manager to let him know he's ruined what should have been a great family night out.  He gives excuses that he's sorry, he claims they were "short one person"....I asked if there policy was to deliver one less plate to each table then?  I also asked why they could deliver 4 plates of food but not the fifth.  My response was a bumbling idiot.

So even worse than not getting served (which I still can't believe happened) was there response.  They took off one measly appetizer from the bill.  The only chance I had at going back there (and not writing this review) would have been if they offered me a free meal for my family next to time to try and erase this terrible memory from our mind.

This place would be best off to market to ten foot poles, because that's about all I'd touch it with.
FISH CANDY.

If that choice of words doesn't induce your gag reflex, but just the opposite - makes you salivate at the thought of clean, tender, succulent, beautifully fresh sushi - then you're an aficionado. And Zama is where you should be.

I took my brother, fellow sushi lover, here for lunch - he's one of the newly coverted, I'd say; I'd recommend the sushi and sashimi chef's selection lunch for a sampling of Zama's offerings. The details are all right, down to the ginger, and the mysteriously tasty salad dressing. Soothingly toned-down lighting and minimalist pale wood dominated decor complete the ideal experience. Appropriately priced for food this good on Rittenhouse. Mmmmm, like fish... candy.
Three years ago, when Zama opened, I couldn't wait to go, and so as soon as it did, I went there quite often for a sushi treat.  The food was great and fresh, the sushi inventive and well-cut, I had no complaints. I had few meals that definitely scored at the four star mark, nothing that ever hit out of the park, but solid sushi all around.

In the last couple years, I find myself going to Zama more for lunch than dinner, and every time I've gone, I've been really disappointed.  Who knows who is in charge for lunch, but they're not serving it at the level of where it should be (and especially for the price that they charge).

The last couple times, their mixed greens have been totally wet, and far past their serving prime date.  Anyone working the salad station would be able to see this and should know better than to serve it.   Unacceptable. The sushi and rolls themselves are below average and the food has been nearly below mediocre.   After sub par experiences also at Morimoto, I am really finding Philly to be hurting for good sushi spots.  Either way, avoid the place at lunchtime, below par kitchen and absent-minded service too.
Zama is a superb sushi bar in Rittenhouse. Simple, beautiful, and traditional Japanese, Zama has a great atmosphere for any occasion. From a quick bite, to a family dinner, or date, this restaurant is a great place to go.

The fish here is fresh and very high quality. They have toro consistently which is hard to come by in Philadelphia.

I was very happy to try Zama and go there as often as I can when I'm in Rittenhouse.
Updating my review - and once again terrific food and service (by John).
The black belt sashimi plate (great for 3 to share) had Chu Toro, Kanpachi, Salmon-toro, branzino, Saba and many other tasty fresh fish.

NY Strip Strips were amazing - especially the asparagus and "magic" mushrooms it is served with.

Calamari Salad and red miso soup are also good choices.

A  winner!
Though I miss Loie's endless mimosas brunch, after my visit to Zama last Monday night, I'm sure I'll get over it.  There's finally a rival to Morimoto for best sushi in town.  We sat at the sushi bar, which is definitely the way to go (you apparently get special house soy sauce that's not available at the tables, though I couldn't tell the difference).  My friends knew Zama and one of the cooks in the kitchen so we got some extras.

To start, we were served the pork dumplings and tuna california rolls on the house.  While the dumplings were pretty standard, the tuna california roll was a delight to eat.  Nice revamp of a standby roll.  We also ordered edamame with green tea salt... it was nice to have the option of salts.

We shared an assortment of rolls, including the Wasabi Lobster roll, Eel & Avocado, and Yellowtail & Avocado.  The Lobster roll was definitely the star, it was visually stunning and tasted as good as it looked.

After that round of food, we decided to order more sushi instead of getting dessert and ordered the special maki tasting.  It was enormous and we couldn't finish it despite our best efforts.  The yellowtail jalapeno mango roll definitely overtook the lobster roll as the star of the night, it was crunchy and spicy and oh so good.  I'm going back just to have that again!

In addition to the food, our waitress was good at what she does and the sake and wine selection was better than the other japanese joints in town.  Definitely try this place out, you won't be disappointed.
A perfect addition to the Rittenhouse Square dining scene.
I know, I know- you wonder how many more sushi places can occupy a single zip code- but, this is different.

Hiraku and Shiroi Hana were my old standbys for sushi.  Then, Morimoto and Raw expanded the selection in town.  Zento in Old City curbed my cravings until the prices increased and the portion sizes shrunk.  I started getting lazy and went to places within a two block radius- Mizu and Vic's.  Both left much to be desired- the former lacked quality and the latter was too small.

Zuma is a stylish, modern clean space (formerly occupied by Loie).   Limited seating is available at the sushi bar (this would be my first choice)- maybe 8 seats.  The long space is broken into different seating zones- some more cozy than others.  I love the koi design elements swimming across the ceiling.

We were hungry- snow days are hard work- and we ordered from all parts of the menu:  generous portion of edamame, super tender and large hibachi scallops, salmon skin salad, lobster tempura roll, a soy wrap bbq eel roll, and the california roll with jumbo lump crab.

Edamame- staple of all Japanese eateries- these were different- super large pods with tender beans.  Could have chosen a wasabi salt, but we opted for the normal salt.  The salmon skin in the salad- crunchy and perfectly executed- dressing was light and tasty.   The lobster roll- presentation was amazing- such a delicate flavor-  sweet and aromatic- just wonderful.  It kind of had to be at $17 for six pieces.  The eel roll was a strong contender to be one of our favorite items.

We completed the meal with a dark chocolate bomb - super yummy.  Not sure if it was made in house, but it was a perfect ending to a delicious meal.

Service was very nice- still some bumpy new restaurant mistakes- beer was brought out without glasses.  The girl filled my beer glass with water- I still had one gulp left.   There was a little tentativeness, but nothing that I am certain will disappear with time and practice.   Always attentive - from host to bussers.  

Will definitely return.  No lunch yet.  Take out might be available soon.

Looking forward to sitting at the sushi bar and putting myself in the hands of the very capable chef.
I went to Zama late on a Saturday night with a group of about 15.

The decor is simple and clean, but not plain.  The slatted walls and the interesting design on the ceiling set it apart from other restaurants with minimalist decor.

Our server handled our large party with ease.  She was friendly, didn't seem stressed or overwhelmed, and was willing to offer suggestions.  Our dishes came out quickly and were all delivered to the correct person.

My husband and I shared the fried pork dumplings - perfectly uniform, piping hot, crunchy and flavorful.  They were served with a wasabi soy sauce, which was a little spicy for me, but I found it to be an unnecessary flavor addition anyway.  Others at our table split the edamame sampler.  The wasabi salt became the immediate source of conversation.  Of course all the manly men began beating their chests and demonstrating how much of the spicy salt they could tolerate on a single bean pod.

A few at my table decided to share one of the sushi combinations.  It was presented in a huge jade-colored saucer, what my brother-in-law referred to as a "birdbath of sushi."  The entire thing was "chef's selection," but nothing seemed to be too daring; crowd-pleasers like Philly Roll and Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll flanked the dish, while various pairs of fresh, compact nigiri were scattered between.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the variety.

I decided to go with the Justice For All roll, one of their signatures.  Tempura snow crab wrapped in soy paper, topped with tuna tartare, wasabi mayo and black tobiko provided one of the most perfect unions of flavor and texture I have ever experienced.  Not typically a tobiko fan, I was surprised at how unoffensive the black variety was - tiny, not overly salty, no creepy pop in your mouth.  Like I said: perfect.

I am definitely looking forward to another visit.
the girls and i went on a friday night for a casual GNO.  
although the shape is still loie, they've made the place much lighter and air-ier with the bamboo covered walls.  
the sushi is fairly standard, but i did get the california roll sans rice (great for those of us who watch our white rice intake)...and i adore the wasabi salt that came with the edamame.
the 4 roll deal ain't so bad--and the rolls were pretty darn fresh and tasty in the mix.  
oh dessert...  the creme brulee wasn't quite firm enough, although the plating was quite inventive, and the mango salad that came with it was perfect.  the mont blanc in the taste of japan was also quite delightful and not overly sweet.

and i thought the service was awesome.  granted, a girls night out involves much much talking and so even if things were slow, i probably didn't notice.  but i'll be happily back!
Generally speaking, this is a decent sushi joint.
I ordered several different types of hand rolls and I was happy with the quality of the food.  The fish was fresh and overall it was a pleasant dining experience.

For me the one hiccup here was the inconsistent service.  Our appetizers arrived in a very timely manner, but it took a very long time to get our entrees.  I had to check in with two different servers to find out what happened to our food.  Given that it was sushi, I was surprised that it took so long to get our orders out.  Between the appetizers and entrees, it took about 40 minutes or so.  

Fortunately I was with friends so it was easier to be patient with the long wait.  Hopefully that long delay was a one-time anomaly.
yum!!!! my favorite sushi joint in philly... im still salivating over the thought of the delicious and meticulously made sushi. i came for lunch, so i can only speak about my lunch experience. 

my favorite roll was the shrimp and eel fiesta roll. it was such a powerful kick to add a little mexican twist to sushi. the lunch sushi and nigiri special was good. the hand rolls are really spectacular because they are wrapped in this non-seaweed wrapper. i want to say it is soy based but i am not sure. i think the roll and the hand rolls were the best.  one of the handrolls was alright, but the other two was very flavorful (one of the good ones was the spicy tuna).  and this place has low sodium soy sauce (yay!) i hear the cod is amazing, but ill have to try that next time!

the decor was beautiful! minimalist and clean, yet the place did not feel cold or uninviting.
This may have been one of thee best lunch deals I have EVER had. Seriously folks, if you have time on your lunch and are hankering for some good food at a seriously good price, this should be your jam! 

For $15 you get edamame, house salad, udon noodle soup with shrimp tempura, plus your choice of maki AND  3 pieces of shitake maki. I mean for realz. I'd be all over this ish in the Burgh. I honestly looked over it once and thought... ehhhh, I'm a pig, maybe I could use one more roll. So I ordered one extra to split with the hubby. But you know what? Not needed!

Not to mention all of it was delicious! I loved the spicy yellowtail and mango maki I ordered. I loved the edamame. I loved the udon noodle soup. I mean, LOVED it! Super tasty with the shrimp tempura and large fried mushroom with an incredible broth. The salad wasn't too shabby itself. 

Service was excellent and the ambiance is very chic. If you're in the area, get there asap!
Zama falls into that category of "American" sushi.  This is more about exotic and interesting rolls. it's about combinations of textures and spices. It is definitely not about simplicity, speed, and tradition. 

This isn't necessarily a bad thing. However, the things that I love about sushi are things that get overlooked here. If you love Japanese sushi with perfectly prepared fish and simple execution, this isn't the place for  you.
To start things off, I literally signed up to Yelp to make this review.  Now, I know you're probably thinking well it must have been so horrendous that it was a one time experience.. but no instead it was just such a mediocre restaurant that people should know that. 

Visiting Philly from New York, and on my company's expense, I decided on this place due to its proximity to my hotel and other reviews I read on here.  Restaurant itself fine, service was good, but the food is just not acceptable.  

I ordered a sashimi combination which to start off with is not cheap.  $29 for what they advertise as 16 pieces of sashimi.  No soup or salad included which I found to be strange.  My dish came out and immediately I was struck by how small each piece of fish was.  I mean, literally one piece of fish was maybe the size of a bottle cap (My mind is escaping me for comparisons, sorry).  For that price and the quality (which I'll get to later) is outrageous.  

Then i realized as they advertise 16 pieces, it's only 6 different fish (including 2 of which are tuna) which is so disappointing.  Give a little more variety!  Don't give me 3 tiny pieces of mackerel.  I would have rather them offer it as 10 pieces and give me bigger cuts of fish!  Also they didn't serve it with any ginger which I had to ask for on the side.  

Albacore tuna (really?) was not flavorful and I didn't even want to eat.  Yellowfin tuna was mealy and also bland.  Salmon was extremely fishy, salty and was also difficult to eat.  The yellowtail (usually my favorite) was so meh.  

Overall I can't wait to go back to New York where even the places I consider "bad" are light years away from this place.  Maybe the rolls or hot entrees are better, but don't order the sashimi. 

Also the sushi bar, which people like because they see the chefs prepare the food is awful since they block all view to watch the chefs.
Finally, after many months of waiting (not on purpose mind you) I was able to make my way to Zama.  I've tried a few sushi restaurants around the area and this one seems to be a cut above both on service, design and of course, food preparation.

I really like the interior of the restaurant.  The main dining area has wooden slats surrounding it which made me think of bamboo.  I basically imagined a giant sushi rolling mat (with more space between the slats) surrounding the area.  It's a really cool detail and for me, reinforced that I was in a Japanese restaurant.

We started with the fried brussel sprouts and the seared salmon.  I thoroughly enjoyed both of these and the flavors popped and the plating was awesome.  Each dish that came out looked like art here which of course made me want to eat it quicker.  Their presentation is excellent.

Our meal consisted of the surfer roll, the negi toro scallion and the salmon and fig roll.  The surfer roll had a ton of fresh flavors and was a hefty roll which helped provide the substance of my meal.  The negi toro was fatty and delicious and the salmon fig was on the sweeter side so it paired very well with a dash of wasabi and a quick swipe through soy sauce.  Finally, my piece of Hawaiian yellowtail was cut perfectly so it basically didn't require chewing.

Our waitress was particularly helpful in guiding us through the menu to avoid those items containing dairy.  Not only was she knowledgeable but was also able to offer modifications to one or two items to suit our tastes.  This meal was very enjoyable and definitely one of the better if not best sushi places I've been to in Philly.
This is my first review and I feel bad to write about the bad experience. 

If you only want to have a high quality food, you will be satisfied. 
If you are not okay to be treated like a dog, you will not be happy. 

Service was bad. Server was worse. Manager was the worst.

I have gone to this restaurant so many times over years and enjoyed quite a bit. 

This time, it was my first time since last sepetember, I ordered una-don with bites and it took 30 minutes to get food. It was busy day and I understand the fact. But even the dish I got wasn't even what I ordered. And of course, I didn't feel good about it. And the server named Trevor was like "Oh, you want una-don? Okay. Fine." I wasn't really happy with his response and I called manager. I don't know the manager's name because I didn't ask. But he came with the food and say, "Okay here is food, eat it. Our policy #1 is eat. if you don't want to eat it, Fine, leave. If you are hungry, eat it" I couldn't believe what just happened. I was really shocked and left right after. 

It isn't even the best sushi I've ever had. There are so many places I can go for better experience. Now I have no reason to go back to that restaurant.
It's so gooood. It's not a cheap night- I reserve it for special occasions. But, I also sometimes make-up special occasions so I can go. My favorite things I've had here have been the Verti roll (truffled eel sauce, come on) and the Zahav roll (sushi grade albacore and edamame falafel?!). So creative and fun, but not over the top. I also had a live scallop appetizer once that I still think about sometimes, and the Surfer Roll is amazing. 

Anyone would like this place: from sushi snobs to squeamish fish eaters. And, no matter what they're doing: they do it well. The fish is super fresh and the flavor combos are so inventive.
Zama is 5 stars for atmosphere and presentation. The narrow restaurant has a dark and swanky decor with a sushi bar present in view. Each dish came out uniquely platted as well. Even the Philly roll came wrapped in paper to mimic a Japanese newspaper.

The food is a 4. The quality was there, but it lacked the wow and excitement. I miss the guest chef specialty rolls from yonder. 

The price is a 3. It's not unexpected of a restaurant so close to the square. The prices aren't out of control but a little above market, in my opinion. Pared with the food lacking the wow, this combo is keeping me from frequenting Zama on the regular.

With that said, this is a great spot for a business lunch. See above about decor and disregard any pricing notes. The place is packed at lunch time, so don't forget that reservation.
So far, probably the best Sushi experience I've had in Philly.  Really nice atmosphere and cool sushi bar that's carved out of a solid block of (maybe) teak.  But more importantly, the sushi was really high quality, excellent (borderline over-attentive) service, the owner is one of the sushi chef's behind the counter and was talking to us making sure things are OK.  The maki combo and the wasabi lobster roll was the perfect amount for two hungry dudes.  Everything just seemed to be a bit fresher and unique than what I've experienced so far in Philly.
I went with a group of sushi-loving friends for dinner here and at the end of the night, we all felt we found an excellent, if pricey (but then, that is to be expected with quality sushi) place in Philadelphia.  First, we shared a series of appetizers, all good.  I loved the Kaiso salad, different types of seaweed with tosazu and was equally enthralled by the juicy, flavorful braised boneless ribs and the grilled scallops.  A special treat was the table-cooked house tofu, richly tasting of soybean.  Highly recommended if you love tofu.

Among the main dishes we shared, the miso marinated black cod with root vegetables was very good and the same can be said for the Tonkatsu of Berkshire pork.  It was aggressively fried, with a good amount of fat, a plus in my book, not necessarily for other, more fatphobic eaters.

Now to the sushi.  Both the sashimi and sushi items we ordered that evening were impeccably fresh and superbly cut (the rice for the sushi pieces was also exceptionally good and well cooked).  The sea urchin (uni), kept fresh in salt water, was sweet and creamy.  We tried some rolls, including a unique tuna California roll, all delicious and making for addictive eating.

We did not try the interesting sounding special cocktails but drank across the fine sake list, including a fragrant Nigori and several Ginjo and Junmai varieties.  As a crowning treat, we ordered the Junmai Daiginjo, complex tasting and worth every penny.
A Yuzu Crème Brûlée was all we managed for dessert, it was good.
The room aesthetics are vaguely Japanese (lots of wood) with soaring ceiling of swirly patterns, broken up by shark silhouettes - cool.  The service was attentive and tried very hard to convey a basic knowledge of Japanese food, and of sushi in particular.  
Zama is a fine addition to the burgeoning Philly restaurant scene.
I rarely eat sushi when I travel, since San Diego already overflows with outstanding sushi spots.  Hence, I wasn't too excited when a friend invited me out for dinner at Zama, a chic sushi restaurant just off of Rittenhouse Square.

I'm glad I didn't talk him out of it, though, because Zama is a lovely spot.

First of all, the place is just beautiful.  Lots of wood and sleek curves.  There's a bit of a Vegas vibe, but more understated.  I like it a lot.

Our server came by and took drink orders.  It seemed like a beer night, so I decided on a Yuengling (because I'm in Philly, natch), while my friend opted for an Asahi.  Meanwhile, we browsed the menu, which is long and all the items sound mouthwatering.  We ordered a selection of 4 items from the sushi bar, which was a good amount of food for 2 people to share:

-- Yuzu miso salmon
-- "Rittenhouse Three" hand rolls (S.S.T, Spicy Spider, and Spicy Crunchy Scallop)
-- Hamachi ponzu
-- Tuna usuzukuri

All of the sushi were fresh and packed with flavor.  If I had to pick a favorite, it would probably be the yuzu miso salmon, since the salmon was very thick and fatty (in a good way).  The Rittenhouse Three is also a nice choice for indecisive people like me, who enjoy tasting lots of different items.

The one odd thing about all the sushi is that it was served too warm.  Warm sushi is off-putting to me, even if it's fresh otherwise.  That might be the only thing making me hesitate about coming back to Zama again.
This was a tough rating (debated between 3 and 4, ultimately a 3.5 becomes a 4). On the one hand, the service was great (both the hostess and waiter were very friendly and extremely informative; the waiter put for a great effort to upsell, without coming across as pushy), the atmosphere was comfortable and cool (I also liked that they provided non-wood chopsticks, placed on a holder, and replaced out plates with every app/starter/dish we had) and the location was convenient (close to the office/hotel we were staying at). 

Furthermore, I must say the miso soup rates as one of the 2 or 3 best miso soups I've ever had (only complaint is that it was too small!) which is a great compliment for something so commonplace as miso soup - it's hard to stand out from the crowd. Their dumplings were decent - not as thicky/doughy as traditional gyozas, but a bit thicker than Chinese dumplings. The waiter actually described them quite accurately so I cannot fault him/the restaurant for that. 

As for the sushi - we split the sushi/sashimi regular combo (great size for 2 people, but wildly overpriced) and had the middle eastern hand roll (4 small hand rolls with falafel and tzatziki sauce). As a middle eastern cuisine connoisseur, I must say their falafel was quite disappointing (definitely soft and easy to eat, but not crunchy and lacking substance as traditional falafels have). I guess you can't fault them too hard for screwing up a dish from a cuisine in which they aren't pros, however if it's on the menu, you better rock it. Their hand rolls were quite nice and light, but for the price it was lacking. 

On the negative side, the price was a bit outrageous for sushi (but the area is overpriced to begin with, and since the company paid, I didn't bat an eye). The sushi, while tasting average, was cut quite thinly and lacked substance. The wasabi, soy and ginger were fine, nothing to separate it from any other sushi joint. 

We skipped dessert, but it looked like standard fare, although their tasting menu seemed intriguiging, especially because it gets a bit cumbersome when eating 1 single large dessert when what you really want it to try bit of multiple desserts, so I appreciated that. 

Coming from New York, where sushi is abundant, high quality and comes at a great price, I cannot justify paying for this place out of my own pocket. Perhaps my standards have been set too highly. 

All in all, I'd come here again if on a business trip and wasn't paying for it. Definitely worth a try, at least once.
The small sushi place in Philadelphia produces terrific food. My well traveled foodie friend recommended this restaurant because it's her "favorite sushi place". I was a little surprised because the restaurant does not have a fancy or decorative atmosphere. It was basically a pretty straightforward small sushi restaurant. Until we started eating all of the delicious bites of perfect food one might think this place is just a regular old sushi joint. Nope! It's special! We tried all sorts of fantastic rolls and entrées. We really liked the individual King Crab Oshizushi-The description from the menu as follows-
King Crab tossed with scallions, crispy shallots and masago mayo over sushi rice with soy butter. The portion is tiny but fantastically delicious. We also had some sort of a scallop hand roll that was out of this world. Honestly, every single thing we tasted it was top notch! I can't wait to go back. In the end I would say that this restaurant is pretty pricey but absolutely worth it. They have a big sake menu. Turns out the one thing I don't like in life is sake. Luckily they have plenty of great wines by the glass.
I really enjoyed my meal at Zama but the service was not on par.

A friend and I had an 8:30 reservation on a Friday night. We arrived around 8:20 and the hostess told us reservations were running on time. We ended up waiting ~25 minutes for a table we saw sitting open the entire time. Our server was very strange and took our indecisiveness as incompetence and proceeded to speak to us as though we were 5 years old. She did not check in on us after the food was delivered and therefore lost her restaurant business on a second round of drinks. 

To start, we had the edamame 3 ways- wasabi, parmesan, and citrus. They were all amazing though my personal favorite was the wasabi. 

Since I am not a big seafood fan, I ordered the spicy vegetable roll and the philly roll. The first roll was good but could have been spicier and the highlight of the second roll was the horseradish dipping sauce and red pepper flake wrap. The menu is expansive and there are definitely other items I would come back to try.
I had a pleasant experience. Everything here was so delicious. Sashimi app black belt was really fresh and tasty, the black cod dice was so perfect. Service was great. I highly recommend this place. Enjoy!
It's so much easier to get a delicious veggie roll in Philly than it is in LA!  Outside of Shojin (vegan sushi mecca), we're usually only left with a sad cucumber or avocado roll.  But I've been to 3 joints in Philly and have had an array of options, which is all very exciting for me.

I tried the umeshiso, shiitake, and vegetable roll.  I was intrigued by the "To-Philly" and if you're not adverse to dairy cream cheese, it sounds amazing.  It's a Philly roll with fried tofu.  Zama, you are crazy cool - just bring in Tofutti and I will eat that monster like I have something to prove.

Gluttonous desires aside, I had a super healthy meal that was delicious.  The umeshiso surprised everyone at the table for its herbal aftertaste.  Very complex, I loved it!  I could eat a hundred shiitake rolls and never tire of them.  Pennsylvania might not have great avocados, but oh man, do they have mushrooms.  The vegetable futo maki did that annoying thing with a huge leaf and a stalk of asparagus - if I wanted to munch on a leaf, I would've ordered a salad - but otherwise it was a standard veggie roll.  I'd pass next time and try something else.

One complaint - the menu fails to describe quite a few items that definitely need a description.  A lot of googling happened at the table, and we often couldn't find an answer.  One of my dining companions had to ask the waiter to describe about 6 different rolls before she found one she liked.  Save us all the time and just tell us what it is in the menu.

The ambience is trendy, the waitstaff was friendly, and my man who's hard to please was digging his spicy crunchy mango I-don't-know-what rolls, so all in all, I'd call it a success.
Restaurant is very beautiful and the service is fantastic!
Try the tuna california roll and the lobster wasabi roll; both are delicious.
I came here with my boyfriend and the entire staff was extremely welcoming and made our night extra special.  Keep up the great work! 
=)
Oh my GOD. AMAZING.

I remembered how delicious the food was the last time we were here (over four years ago), and also how terrible the service was. I'm so glad the food has stayed the same level, and the service has vastly improved! 

What BLEW our MINDHOLES:
Pork dumplings - these are homemade and SO flavorful. We had ours pan seared and they were insanely hot (temperature wise), and had fresh ginger grated on top. Burst of flavor in my mouth. 

House Tofu - still one of my favorite things on the menu. Silken tofu served tableside with umami rich mushroom broth. I could eat this every day! It's comfort food at its finest!

Hamachi Ponzu - incredibly tender yellowtail dressed in a citrusy Ponzu soy sauce with pickled jalapenos - SO YUM. The jalapenos are a bit spicy but it was so good!!

Tuna Usuzukuri - everything in life should taste like this. Super thin tuna with TRUFFLE ponzu. Oh my GAWD. I thought the tuna was just a little too cold (while my friend thought the tuna temp was perfect), but that truffle ponzu was incredible!

Live scallops - this was a special today, they had fresh live scallops in the shell!!!! If this is ever available while you're there - you MUST get this. It was the freshest scallop I'd EVER had, and it didn't even need any soy sauce or wasabi, it was DELICIOUS.  

I can see why they were PACKED on a Monday night (seriously, every table was taken and there was a wait - so glad we had made reservations)!

Their dessert was also on point, which was surprising since the dessert at Japanese restaurants tend to disappoint! We had the tofu beignets which were the lightest and airiest beignets ever (and served with a sake caramel dipping sauce - I could DRINK that, it was SO GOOD), green tea mochi, and fried banana eggrolls (which were also filled with chocolate). It was YUM.

Would LOVE to come back and indulge in some seriously good food again! Our water glasses also stayed full (yay!), and that FOOD. INSANE.
Zama is definitely my to-go place in Phili. Husband is living here. Almost go to Zama every time I'm in Phili. Tried couple of other Japanese restaurant here, but none of them is comparable to Zama. Understand people's complaints about the small portion. But this is not those pasta places where serve you huge portions of carb. It's a very interesting, full of thoughts, culture and innovation restaurant! 

Had the 75$ tasting menu today. 
It started with a fried fish/ seaweed salad. Not a big fan of the fried fish. A little too dry for me. But the dish had a good portion of vinegar which arouses your appetite!

The second dish was a lobster daikon roll. Absolutely loved it! The flavor is just about right! Refreshing and delicious.

Our third dish was a sashimi trio. It came with three sashimi and some dipping/ seasoning sides. The big chuck of salt was definitely the highlight.. Thought it was a big piece of fish tho. Lol The sashimi was put on the salt, then olive oil, finished with shiso and some lemon. All self-served. Very interesting. 

Our fourth dish was the trio tuna tarta. My favorite of the night. The fish is very fresh, fatty, and the seasoning was absolutely perfect! It is on the a la carte menu. Definitely a must try if you are not getting the tasting menu.

The fifth dish was waygu beef. It was good, especially the asparagus that comes with it. Actually loved the asparagus more than the beef. However, the sauce was a little bit too much and it somehow covered the flavor of the beef.

The sixth course was chef's sushi. Very consistent quality as the sushi I had before in Zama. Especially the fatty tuna we had today. Was really delicious!

The seventh was a rock shrimp tempura and eel roll. Love the skin of the roll. It's used in many of Zama's sushi. Definite one of my favorite part about Zama.

Dessert! Dessert! Dessert! Yes! Zama has very good dessert with very good price. Although they just increased their price from 10 to 12. It's still definitely worth every penny of it! Their homemade Mochi has very good ice cream and the skin was definitely perfect.

And last but not least! The Zahav roll!!!!OMG!! It was sooooo good!! Just went to Zahav last week. It was really surprising to see it on the menu. And it was so thoughtful and delicious. 

Sushi rolls is definitely what Zama is good at. Much better than their hot dishes. One suggestion is the service. The guy was very rushed when serving us. And there were many times we felt that his finger is going to fall into our dishes when he tried to explain what are those.... 

Definitely LOVE Zama! And will be back!
Alright. I've heard good things about this place so I decided to give this place a try. 
My friends and I went in for the restaurant week but ended up ordering the regular menu. One of my friends ordered veggie tempura and rittenhouse three, my other friend got two different specialty rolls (one of which was vetri roll),  and I got yellowtail nigiri and chirashi. 

To be fair, veggie tempura was perfect. But that was about it.
The food wasn't even mediocre... it was just downright horrible.

First, the rolls.
Oh, they looked pretty. And they were small enough that you can just pop them in your mouth w/out making a mess... These rolls were held together with a thin slice of daikon and that was where everything fell apart.... daikon had an odd taste that lingered on my tongue before it went away.. and that just really bothered me. Second, Zama uses their ingredients sparingly (and I am putting it nicely by saying that....). We could barely see eels in the rolls. The same happened for the other rolls my friend ordered. Daikon had a pungent taste to it.. and there was barely anything to prove that these rolls had eels in them. 

Second, the chirashi. 
This quite expensive chirashi was literally a thin layer of chorizo fried rice topped with two small octopus, two pieces of scallops and two slices of sashimi, oh yeah and a shrimp. But that was not the worst part. If by "drizzled with an espelette pepper aioli" means "flooded with alioli" then, yeah that's what I got. It was overwhelmingly salty, sour, and sweet that I choked over my food and ended up leaving more than half untouched. I swear, it tasted as if they poured lime juice all over the rice. I can't believe they even dared to call this chirashi.


I am never going back to restaurant ever again.
Oh, Zama - you truly rock my sushi lovin' world.
Tonight I dined alone but was still treated well (thank you!) as I sat at the 8 chair sushi bar and watched the chefs work their magic.

A single negi-chu-toro hand roll was buttery perfection.
A $28 (7 piece nigiri) of market specials was delicious and 5 of the 7 fish I had never tried or never even heard of.  All delicious.

Perfectly marinated ikura (salmon roe) - although for $5.00 a piece - the portion was very tiny.  (Like 18 eggs or so.  Come on, guys!)

And for "dessert" 2 perfect slices of house-made tamago (none of that frozen garbage here!).

Domo! Domo!

I am infatuated (once again) with Zama.  Decor is Zen, sleek & lovely.  (Look up to see the giant Koi above you.)

$60 including tax 'n tip (no alcohol) is pretty steep though.  My husband may freak out on me.  It also underscores what a GREAT value Doma is and how high-priced Morimoto is.  (Zama is right in between.)
I just had dinner at this fine establishment tonight for the first time and I must say I am highly impressed!  Our server was a very knowledgeable and friendly girl who suggested that we try this rare farm raised tuna that they have.  The flavor was like no tuna I had ever had and I am really happy I had the opportunity to experience it.  

Everything was great from the Eel Omelet roll right down to the miso soup.  The menu offers a very interesting take on traditional Japanese flavors with a modern flair.  They offer edamame with three unique salts that give a fresh twist to a traditional crowd pleaser.  We had the wasabi salt and I am excited to try the green tea salt next time I go in. 

The entire experience was so enjoyable.  The entire restaurant makes you feel like you are the only table in the place.  Everyone is very attentive and it  shows in the food.  Even the staff seems excited and proud to be there.  I am so excited to have a reliable sushi restaurant in Philly.  I wouldn't hesitate to say that this place beats any restaurant in New York City and heavily trumps overpriced Morimoto. If I were Steven Starr I would be watching my back!   I can't wait to go back.
Four Seasons concierge strikes again!  I was sent to Zama when I asked for good sushi within walking distance.  Got to Zama about 7 and was told they were totally booked for the night, except for the tables outside.  We sat outside.  I felt a little like the tables (all three of them) outside were a bit of an after thought.  However, the way the restaurant is designed if you were sitting at an outside table and a woman in a skirt or dress walked near the front of the restaurant you could see up her skirt, so, you've got that goin for ya.

The sushi was good, creative, and pretty.  I wasn't totally blown away though.  It definitely left something to be desired.  The Bronzizzle roll was so spicy I had to stop eating it.  It didn't mention any ingredient on the menu that was spicy.  

The banana bomb desert was delicious.  If I could I would have had just that (or two of them perhaps) as a meal.  

Our server was ok, although he seemed a little rushed and I had to flag him down a few times.  Seemed like the whole experience probably took longer than necessary.  All the meals didn't arrive at the same time either, which was a little strange.
PSA: You will gain 10lbs in one sitting from this place.
PSA: It's worth it.

Every bite i took I found myself saying "this place is awesome" and it truly is.

We had reservations for 7:30 on V day and were seated right away. It's not the biggest restaurant in fact it's a bit tight, but its tolerable. -- When seated we were immediately greeted by our waiter, Jonas. A really great waiter I must say. Attentive and helpful with the menu. Any questions we had he had the answers. 

I ordered the cucumber saketini and my husband had a sapporo. My drink was very enjoyable, so fresh. I ended up ordering the sapporo after my cocktail too which was also good. My husband was raving about how good the Rock Shrimp was so we ordered that as our starter. Way better then 'Bang Bang Shrimp' from Bonefish Grill which I now feel is pretty rinky dinky compared to this. We went on to our second starter which was the sushi bar Sashimi sampler. This was by far my favorite item we ordered. So flavorful and well worth the price! For our main entree we shared three rolls, Yellowtail Jalapeño Mango Roll, Philadelphia Roll, and a California Roll. All were great, and had large pieces of seafood. We finished our drinks and had a second wind for one more roll so we ordered the Bronzizzle, a cucumber & avocado inside out roll and also hella good! Presentation on all rolls were excellent. 

Nothing about this meal was flat at all. A bit pricey, but it's the price you pay for great sushi!
4 stars for the food... 3.5 for the service.

Beautiful, from the design of the restaurant to the presentation of the food and innovative combinations of ingredients and flavors. I was drawn to Zama because of chef inspired specialty rolls. Zama collaborated with local celebrity chefs to come up with extremely unique sushi with a portion of the profits going to charity. The one that caught my eye was Vetri roll because I basically love anything that incorporates uni (sea urchin). Tell me this doesn't sound amazing : crunchy eel roll with scallions and shiso wrapped in daikon drizzled with a truffle eel sauce and topped with cucumber noodles tossed in sweet uni sauce, served with uni sauce that is bruleed on the plate.  We also ordered the Zahav and I can't say I've ever had falafels with my sushi; it was quite interesting.  Salmon skin salad is also a dish I thoroughly enjoyed. 

(on a side note)
Disappointment: the fact that the cucumber noodles on our Vetri roll was lacking any uni sauce. I asked my friend to make sure I wasn't delirious and she also confirmed there was no sauce on it. So when I asked the server about it, she pointed out the uni brulee sauce on the plate. When I redirected her to my original question about the lack of the sauce on the cucumbers, she told me it was there and that I just can't taste it... Really? That's your answer to a customer? She did apologize and brought me a small bowl of the sauce, but after she made me feel like I had no taste buds.
What a treat!
I dined alone (again) at the sushi bar and (again) enjoyed the limeade.

My server, Merci, was so sweet and accommodating.
The sushi chefs are each so talented - and of course chef Zama was there doin' his thing.

The "black belt" sashimi app was sublime and included 2 luscious pieces of salmon toro.  I also tried the lobster salad (outstanding) and avocado salsa (also very good).
Home-made tamago - branded with the Zama logo - was a thing of beauty and exceptional taste.

Best of all?  Ikura that was poppin' fresh.

Simply amazing.
Art for mouths. 

  Not only are the plates aesthetically satisfying, but the balance of rich flavors & varying textures entertains your palette like Bob Ross paints happy little trees.  

HIGHLIGHTS: Rice Martini (dangerously drinkable), Nasu Dengaku (MUST TRY), Kirin Braised Short Ribs (no knife necessary, just chopsticks), ANY Charity Roll (i.e. Mad Dog Roll: Yellowtail, jalapeno and avocado, topped with tuna sashimi and an avocado salsa. Vetri Roll: Crunchy eel roll with scallions and shiso, wrapped in daikon, drizzled with a truffle eel sauce and topped with cucumber noodles, and dressed with a bruleed uni sauce... WHAT?! )
Came here for dinner last night. We arrived at 8:30 for our reservation. I ordered a glass of wine and my husband ordered a non alcoholic beverage because he doesn't drink. We also asked for waters without ice.

We ordered the $55 tasting menu after about 15 of waiting.

By 9:45, we've only received two dishes from the menu, both appetizers. 

By this point our glasses were being refilled with water with ice and we were both freezing and hungry. 
We asked about our food only to be told that the sushi bar is backed up. This was after the couple next to us, who ordered after us already got their food and ate it. 

My husband went to talk to a manager at 9:50 and that's when our food finally started coming out. The restaurant sent out two glasses of sparkling wine for us to enjoy on the house because of our wait.... But my husband doesn't drink and we specifically asked for nonalcoholic beverages for him, so it didn't really help much.

The food itself was absolutely delicious. The service was abysmal.
Zama was fantastic! I had never actually heard of or seen Zama before but a friend wanted to go, so that's where we ended up. The place itself was very inviting with the decor and the layout of the restaurant. Our server was great and helpful at suggesting some dishes.

We got edamame for an appetizer - just the regular one. I would've liked to have tried the different salts but my dining partner was new to edamame so didn't want it to be too overwhelming. Then we got a few rolls and split them - yellow jalapeno mango roll, rainbow roll, and spicy jumbo lump crab roll. Our server had also suggested the wasabi tuna roll so we got that one too, which was my favorite of the bunch! It was also the prettiest of the rolls as well, with the tuna tartare on top and the small dollops of sauce on the side.

My dining partner wasn't really as adventurous as I am when it comes to trying new places and food so unfortunately, I didn't pay enough attention to the overall experience as I normally would have going to a new place. Zama was great and I definitely want to come back especially to try some of the more adventurous things on the menu - those charity rolls look amazing.
Terrrible bad sashimi and entree just not up to the price we paid $46 and didn't get fresh sashimi
Unstained wood is the order of the day, Zama is bedecked with the stuff.  My fiancee and ordered: Ohitashi, one of the experimental rolls for charity, lettuce wrapped chicken and eggplant, John Dory Sashimi, Otoro, Uni-nigiri, ikura rolls as well as the Japanese style crudo and brussel sprouts.

Service was attentive, and was kind enough to nix the lettuce wraps when the lettuce turned out to be desiccated and limp.

A glass of wine rounded out the meal well.  The endless techno music was a little grating, but otherwise it was excellent.
We called an hour before and reserved a table for 2. The place was very nice. The miso soup was AMAZING! Great quality sushi... I think everything was priced fairly given the location. 

I forgot to take a picture of the cod and rice dish but it was delicious!
Serving is very nice and the lady is friendly, give us very warm welcome and help on the menu...
Starter dishes are good!  BUT ....the sushi and sashimi is disappointing.....rice is cold and hard. Fish is not really high quality as we ordered "The Chief's recommend special" more pricy but not what you can expect.   Fish is NOT high quality at all. 
Also we arrived at 5:30 on Friday . There are still many tables available. But we have only two so they gave us a small table. But we ordered a lot of food....even don't have enough space to put our dishes .....so they have to send back the sushi back to kitchen witch is really bad.  Shush Should be freshly made and serve to the customer from he shied to table . Since their price is a high quality . Sushi , shahi should be as high quality too.  But when the table is too small for out order we asked to change to bigger table ...... They told us it's not possible causes there will be more ppl come in.   But at the moment.....there are still a lot of table available is empty.   We are forced to sit in the small table.  Our sushi  sashimi  was send back to the kitchen and wait in the kitchen .   After we finished all , there are still lots of tables available no customer come in yet.  It's 6:30 PM.  We were very disappointed.   They should improve it.  Serve the table to customer actually eat currently. Not let table empty but don't let us change to large table.  While we ordered food even can't put on out small table. That's the reason I gave one star.  Thanks
Zama might just be my new favorite sushi joint in Philly. Granted I went with someone who knew Zama, the chef/owner. So we probably got some special treatment. But even so, a great all-around experience. Cool decor, friendly professional service, but with personality. But most importantly, stellar sushi - excellent quality fish, creative rolls, unusual sauces. We also had the tempura vegetable appetizer, a scallop appetizer, the wasabi salt edamame - all delicious. Even the desserts were fantastic - way beyond the traditional green tea ice cream: Fuji apple crisp, molten chocolate cake, creme brulee! We will definitely return...
Zama is a fancy and enjoyable sushi restaurant in Rittenhouse. The ambiance is charming, with elegant wooden furniture and nice little Japanese decorations and knick-knacks. The sushi was quite tasty as well. The normal rolls were a good value, but the speciality rolls were quite overpriced - I'd recommend just getting a lot of the traditional maki. On the whole a nice restaurant for a fancy sushi dinner out.
I am not a sushi fan, but I had an absolute blast at Zama!

-We ordered a large variety of dishes, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian! The vegetarian rolls were fantastic!
-The best way to go about it is Tapas style and order a whole bunch of dishes and come with a group!
-The Saki was fantastic, a great compliment to the exceptional food!
-The dessert was incredible but they are small so order a few. The crem brûlée was fantastic as was the cheesecake!
-I'd definitely recommend Zama for a night out in the city with a group of friends!
The service here was top notch and the servers were quick to clear the table between dishes and top off our drinks. 

Sushi is absolutely played out and has hit peak basicness. Skip the sushi unless you live under a rock and never get the chance to eat sushi. They have some weird house blend soy sauce that leaves an awful aftertaste in your mouth. 

The Zama fried chicken is just sesame chicken and the Japanese slaw is literally just raw shredded cabbage. I was expecting some sort of breaded fried chicken. Major let down. 

The Kirin ichiban braised short rib was surprisingly good! The rib is so tender that you can pull it apart with a simple tug of your chopsticks. It is also a little bit bigger than pictures let off. But only a little bit. 

The Brussels sprouts are heavily seasoned with Parmesan cheese which clashes heavily with the rest of the spread. I did not expect a Japanese restaurant to hose their vegetables with Italian cheese. This was terrible. Fortunately this came out last so it didn't ruin the braised short rib. 

I love the dessert sampler set up - you get to pick 3! They all look good so you can't go wrong.
This place has gone downhill in the last year.  Not only do they place you on hold for ridiculous amounts of time when you call, (what are they possibly doing???)  but their portion sizes have significantly diminished.  The last two times I got pick up, they made me wait nearly 30 minutes even though I arrived after the time they said the food would be ready (and it was clear that they hadn't even looked at the order, let alone start preparing it).  I wouldn't mind the wait so much if the sushi/sashimi was still good value and the food actually tasted good. I used to love their unagi, but what I've gotten lately is old and 'stale' eel. Their spicy crunchy rolls were always a favorite, but they are about half the size they used to come in.  The last sushi combination I ordered was extremely underwhelming, besides the usual tuna, yellowtail, shrimp and salmon, the other 5 nigiri were tasteless or not tasty.  It's just not worth the price tag anymore, sadly, so I guess we all just need to suck it up and dish it out at morimoto.
This is a solid sushi place with good offerings and great service.  For lunch, the short ribs sandwich on brioche is very tender and nicely marinated.  The chu toro is very fresh, and melts in your mouth.  They don't have too many original rols but the standards, like the spicy salmon and eel/avocado are all pretty good.  I love that they have a california roll made with actual lump crabmeat.  The agedashi tofu is nicely seasoned, and the braised short ribs are very flavorful.  

The servers here are very friendly and attentive,and the ambiance chill.  A nice place for a quick and casual meal.
(From a food allergy parent point of view.) Daughters with Peanut, tree nut, dairy, egg and shellfish allergies. Have always wanted to try sushi but never found a restaurant we were comfortable with. 

We found Zama on allergy eats but still called before going and were told they could absolutely cater to the allergies.  

Upon arrival we talked with the waiter (Earl) who did not flinch at the allergies. One daughter had cooked salmon that he wanted to check with the chefs on. Other daughter had salmon and tuna rolls which he said was not an issue. Earl came back and said with some modifications of sauce the cooked salmon was good to go. 

We liked how calm and confident Earl was. It's important to us that the waiter not only understands the allergies but also makes my kids feel that they are going to be safe. 

They loved all the food and even ordered more sushi after round 1. They are eager to try new types of sushi down the road. Thanks to Zama and Earl for letting them gain this new eating experience.  

To add, all the food we had in our party of 7 was excellent. Great variety of drinks, rolls and appetizers. The sampler dessert was a great way to end! 

Looking forward to going back.
Came her with my girlfriend on a saturday night without a problem. This place is definitely quality. The service is outstanding... The sushi is very good. Im a huge oyster love and the oysters are out of this world. Im posting a bunch of pictures.
Zama is delicious, but not delicious enough for the price. 

They have a few innovative and creative rolls, which are appreciated. However, there are much better legit sushi places in Philly. 

Zama needs to improve on their staples, specifically sashimi and nigiri. It can also be super crowded and loud on weekends.

Go here if you want something a little unconventional, and if you don't mind overpaying.
Finally made it here. Nice relaxed interior and a bamboo feel. Fantastic sushi..one of the best spots I've found in Philly thus far. 

The servers were eager and helpful in steering us through the menu; the Rittenhouse Three was fantastic if you enjoy a little spice and crunch to accompany your sushi experience.  

Another small foodie note: the salt on the edemame was fantastic for some reason unexplainable to me, and all the food preparation was really very elegant. I'm a fan.
It was my first time at Zama and I dined alone and sat at the sushi bar.
I had completely forgotten that it was restaurant week - and while the set menu looked fetching, I opted for a few a la carte items.

I started off with a trio of handrolls.  The fish was fresh and excellent - but the lovely server, Roxanne - who explained so very many things to me - forgot to tell me that they come wrapped in soy paper.  Had I known I would have requested nori.  (I like the crunch of nori with a hand roll - espescially with the salmon one.)  No matter - they were so perfect.

I also had a side order of ohitashi (spinach) - which I love.  The portion was very small - and it was a side - so I ordered something else.  

Something heavy.
Something decadent.
I so should not have order this - but I did and I loved it, too.

The braised short rib app over crispy larmen.

Oh.  Boy.

The bill including 1 non-alcoholic drink (a refreshing limeade) and tax 'n tip was $40.

Not bad.

Decor is gorgeous - a giant paper koi on the ceining and great light woods and textures throughout.

Zama - I am infatuated and will return soon.  Can you win me over from Doma? You are nearly 5 stars.

We shall see.
I love Zama the food is always delicious. Tonight we had the most awful server and service. The order was completely wrong and she was aggressive when we were asking questions.  I will come back to Zama again but I hope I get another get another server
Food was very good. The service? Not so good. Arrived at noon for lunch for a 7 person lunch. We ordered in a timely fashion. Four of us ordered lunch specials, and our food came out in a reasonable amount of time. 

The other three dishes did not come out with the four lunch specials. 5 minutes later, two of the three received their food. However, they each ordered a roll, and the rolls were served on the same small plate, not at the request of the two individuals. Not a big deal, we would just ask for another plate. 5 more minutes go by, and nobody returned to our table to check on us. We started wondering what was going on, especially since the final person still did not receive her meal. 5 more minutes go by, and we still have no extra plate, and the final person still did not receive her food. I got up to find the nearest staff member, which happened to be a gentleman at the kitchen window. Here was the conversation:

Me: "Excuse me, I know you are busy, but we're looking to get an extra plate and some forks at our table over there. Nobody is coming by to check on us."
Him: "Do you see what I'm working with over here? I'm a little busy." 

I was surprised by his reaction so I went back to our table. Within the next few minutes our waitress returned and helped get plates and forks. But the final person's meal was still not delivered! 

I have zero experience with running a restaurant, and the place was crowded. But I do feel like our service was below average, and warranted a review on this app.
Wow, they really transformed Loie into something different. Zuma has great lighting, sweet ambiance and great service. We were promptly seated and our drinks came out fast (5 points) and the sushi was tasty. the spicy mayo kind of have a bbq flavor to it which was weird, but not bad.  anyway, we had a really good experience here and def plan on going back.
Zama, the tony Rittenhouse sushi bar, is one of the few restaurants in town that comes close to replicating a hot NYC-style joint: sleek modern decor, creative cocktails, and expensive eats.  With a focus on creative sushi rolls and eye-catching presentation, Zama's dinner program has its higlights (and lowlights), and the sheer amount of variety would be enough to draw me back.  However, some service blips and a hefty price tag may also serve as barriers to revisiting.

We arrived last night at 9 and were promptly seated with our reservation.  We perused the menu: soups and salads, appetizers, small plates, big plates, sides, special rolls, and sushi a la carte.  After gathering some recommendations from our server and from Foursquare, we decided on six dishes for the two of us: the salmon skin salad, the calamari salad, the short rib appetizer, the black miso cod dice, the Bronzizzle Roll, and the Vetri Roll.  And two Yuzu Gimlets.

The salmon salad was better than the calamari.  The former salad had big crispy strips of salty salmon that contrasted nicely with the otherwise bland, underdressed lettuce.  My calamari salad was a little disappointing: mixed greens with virtually no dressing with fried tempura rings on top (unclear if there was actually any calamari inside).  The next course, featuring the short rib and cod, fared much better.  The short rib was tender, juicy, and fell right apart when pulled with chopsticks.  The sauce was also pretty tasty, and I enjoyed the mouthfeel of the soft shortrib and crispy ramen noodles together.  However, the miso cod was by far my favorite dish of the night.  A perfectly cooked and seasoned cod with a delicious miso glaze on an endive wedge with pickled cucumber.  I could have eaten that all night and nothing else.  As for the sushi rolls, they were certainly creative, but not nearly as tasty as they looked.  The much hyped Bronzizzle roll (topped with bronzino) tasted bland and flavorless.  The Vetri roll was better but not by much.  The daikon wrapper (as opposed to seaweed) was refreshing and the eel was fine, but perhaps a bit too much truffle and uni sauce for my taste.  Maybe we shouldn't have been so starstruck about the fancy rolls and stuck with the classics, but then again these are items that are unique to Zama, so go figure.

Otherwise, the service was fine with some minor blips.  Our server was definitely a little over-enthusiastic at first, and when we asked him for recommendations, fired off a list of dishes that somehow included the most expensive items in each section of the menu.  But perhaps I just felt that this guy was trying too hard at his job.  Zama, for what it is, is also heinously expensive, and although I really wanted to try some of the Japanese microbrews off the drink menu, I couldn't get myself to pay $12 for a beer.  Even if it was special.

Overall, it's definitely the go to place for innovative and contemporary takes on sushi and maki, but it's certainly out of range for daily dining.  If I come back, chances are I'll be sitting at the sushi bar, eating classic sushi and black miso cod, and probably not much else.
Such a disappointing dining experience last night that I had to share.  Besides not being able to offer any sushi rolls that were not pre-prepared and thus could not have been served gluten-free for some reason, the black cod arrived smoking hot, but with a taste and texture of having been recently microwaved from a scandalous state of frozen not-freshness.   Great decor though.

I'll close with one final thought:  If sushi rolls arrive with a food court sushi appearance and taste, then they should be sold at food court sushi prices.
I'm giving Zama 2-stars purely because my reasonable expectation was no where near met.
We came here a while back (take heed that I hope my observation no longer hold true) for what we thought would be an upper notch sushi experience, and instead were met with something that was probably available for half the price on the other side of Broad.
Staff just to be fair were friendly and very nice. This is really a review of the food.

Miso Soup: Basic and very average in quality. I think if there is anything all sushi restaurants should learn is that you should put effort into your Miso Soup, it bodes well for the meal to come.

Spicy Halibut Tempura: Quite nice actually. Not something we have had before however it was rather pricy as a starter at $15.

Mad Dog Roll: As good as it got for the food. Avocado, yellowtail, jalapenos and tuna sashimi all came together nicely. I'm a fool for sushi with a kick. If you are going to go here, order that roll.

Sushi & Sashimi Combo: Major let-down. The sashimi tasted awefully like it had been refrozen if not once a few times, and not very well, you know, that day old lacking freshness taste. If you don't know what I mean, go eat what I find to be great sashimi at Fat Salmon or Vic Sushi and compare it to Zama. The Sushi wasn't put together all to well, almost as if they give the intern/new guy the simple sushi. Portions were not very large, and lacked satisfactory flavor.

Drinks: I had a lychee fizz which wasn't too bad really. My other half however had the candy cane martini (drink of the season). It made me want to gag but she managed to power through its bitter over mintiness.

And for all this... we paid the supreme price of $100. This is the only time I've felt foolish paying a large sum for sushi. I'd have valued it all at $60 MAX and with the quality it wasn't even really worth that. The location is literally just around the corner from where I used to stay and it would have been nice to get a good well valued sushi experience here. I've never minded paying a little more for a restaurant situated in a nice area but you'd be better off saving your money and putting towards a vacation to Japan.

Gold star for service. :] They are the best part of this restaurant.
I was a bit weary of the 3 dollar signs, but honestly this place is such a good deal during lunch! I would not be intimidated by the $$$. I ordered the chirashi lunch set at around ~20 (a bit more than 20). Not only did it come with the chirashi - which was a decent price - it also came with edamame, udon noodles, tempura for the udon, and salad! Everything tasted so good and it was definitely a hearty meal. It tasted very fresh and very healthy and I especially enjoyed the wasabi roe that was in the chirashi. 

The ambiance of this place is also great and the waiters are really nice. Would highly recommend!!!!!!!
Omakase at Zama

Morimoto's omakase has been my undisputed choice for my last meal on Earth for as long as I could remember. Why do I love Morimoto so much? The food is outstanding Asian fusion cuisine that's accessible to the masses. However, aside from exotic fishes, sea urchin is probably the most exotic thing Morimoto will serve you. I love Morimoto's omakase, but Zama's omakase just takes it to another level. Throughout our meal, my friend Chris and I reminisced of Chef Todd Dae Kulper's omakase at the now defunct Ro-Zu. It wasn't fair to keep comparing Chef Zama's food to Chef Kulper's right in front of Chef Zama himself, but by the end of the meal I had a newfound respect for Chef Zama. If this is what a real omakase is supposed to be like, I want more of it! The fantastic thing is it's priced less than Morimoto's omakase and geared more towards foodies. The omakase is not listed on the dinner menu. It's a special offered only from Sunday to Thursday and you must inform the restaurant in advance if you want it. You are urged to sit at the sushi bar where Chef Zama prepares your meal in front of you. The hot dishes that include cooked seafood are prepared in the kitchen, but everything else is expertly and delicately prepared by Chef Zama himself. Why am I so high on this omakase? The symphony of flavors built up dish by dish like a crescendo, fell back again to let us catch our collective breath, and then rose again with a second peak and fell back once again to a soothing yet satisfying ending. The first course, poached red snapper and crisped root in ponzu sauce, just nailed it for us. "If everything else is this good, I will be pleased," Chris said. The textures we experienced in the second dish moved from the familiar to the unfamiliar. The soft, tender black moss (seaweed noodles) I'm familiar with in Chinese cooking to the slightly firm oyster, the firmer shrimp, and the still firmer crunchiness of the codfish roe all showcase a range of seafood textures. The sashimi platter had an elegant assortment of fine seafood. Its centerpiece was the live scallop on a halfshell. You haven't lived until you've tried live scallop. It's such a clean, pure taste, almost like sea jello. The soft shell head-on shrimp and accompanying sweet shrimp provide a perfect contrast of crispy and soft. The fluke ceviche also deserves special mention for its wonderful taste and texture. My first moment of nirvana was when I tasted the monkfish liver, sometimes known as foie gras of the sea. Monkfish liver is a prized Japanese delicacy and I felt honored to be able to enjoy this treat in my own city. It is truly delicious, but not for the faint of heart. A monkfish is damn ugly, but it tastes good. Who knew it had a liver that tasted good, too? My second orgasmic moment was the delicious hamachi collar with its delicate pieces of buttery soft meat falling off the bone. The entire experience was like finding every morsel of juicy meat on a chicken thigh. The lobster salad maki was akin to a sweet palate cleanser that prepared you for the brown buttery goodness of the snow crab claws. In the words of another foodie friend, "It's just perfect." The sushi platter had red snapper, squid, salmon belly, mackerel, chu toro, and sea urchin. The sea urchin came freshly packed in sea water before being made into sushi. Only at L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon in New York's Four Seasons Hotel had I experienced better sea urchin. Chef Zama capped this fantastic meal off with a piece of sea eel and an SST (shrimp and scallop tempura) handroll. The eel was freshly cut and seasoned. "This is the best eel I've had yet," Chris admitted. I agreed. The SST handroll was technically our last course, fitting because it was shaped like an ice cream cone. We also sampled Chef Zama's delicious tomago (sweet egg omelet). At the end of the meal, I told Chef Zama, "I had the omakase at Morimoto three weeks ago. This is much better." He smiled and thanked me. The incredible thing was this fantastic meal was less than the price of the omakase at Morimoto! The omakase is priced at $75 and up per person. Your price is determined by how many courses are served. Expect to pay from $75 to $100 per person for the omakase. It's totally worth it.
I was majorly disappointed that Chef Zama wasn't present to prepare my birthday omakase, especially since my partner Robyn made our reservation well over a month ago. Still, the chef de cuisine of the night did a fantastic job with the upgrades in the $75 Tasting Menu. My first course, Nambanzuke, a seaweed salad with fried fish marinated in soy, dashi, and vinegar, was a very nice starter and very similar to the first course of my previous Zama omakase. My second course, a Yuzu Lobster roll filled with shrimp, yuzu creme jelly, crispy shallots, and yuzu tobiko was wrapped in thinly sliced Daikon radish and topped with a fresh lobster salad and sliced kumquat. The roll was accompanied with small drops of yuzu miso sauce. I loved the intricate flavors of this roll and it was refreshing to taste something so progressive. My third course, Japanese Crudo, was four kinds of sashimi (bluefin tuna, yellowtail, red snapper, and salmon) with lime, shiso, olive oil, and Himalayan salt. This was an upgrade from the usual three kinds of fish in this course. My fourth course, Mixed Tuna Tartare, was a cylinder of tuna made with blue fin, big eye, and albacore with ponzu and wasabi inside and topped off with paddle fish and golden caviar. Crispy shallot chips served as an accompaniment. Especially noteworthy are the specks of gold flake in the caviar. This was an absolutely delicious dish. Zama took the tuna tartare concept to a whole new level here. My fifth course, Miyazaki Beef Steak Tataki, two prized cubes of Japanese Wagyu beef topped with ponzu jelly, chili pepper, and micro cilantro, was a melt-in-your-mouth delight. The crispy bed of shallots beneath the Wagyu were infused with bamboo charcoal salt. Robyn and I found ourselves wishing for more pieces of this delicious beef. My sixth course, Nigiri, was a five piece Chef's selection of nigiri sushi. Our host made sure the chef included sea urchin in the course. As luck would have it, fresh sea urchin, shucked that day, was included in two of the five pieces. One of the pieces also had tobiko (black fish eggs). Wow! All five selections were delicious. My seventh course, Truffled SST, a handroll filled with spicy shrimp tempura, eel, scallions, and truffled eel sauce, was a fantastic end note to the savory part of our meal. I've had this wonderful "sushi dessert" in the past and it was absolutely delish back then as it is now. My eighth course, a dessert trio of yuzu créme brûlée, tofu beignets with caramel sauce, and banana and chocolate spring roll was a very nice ending to a fantastic meal. Robyn was enamored with the spring roll. I enjoyed the créme brûlée. A carafe of Ozeki Junmai Nigori, a California sake, was a nice wine pairing to our meal. Zama still deserves 5 stars even after the reservation flub-up.
First let me say that I love love love good sushi- (No california rolls or spicy tuna for me).  I went to Zama for a sashimi lunch and was pleased to see items such as bronzino and kinda blue tuna.  However, the sashimi was paper thin and for $5.00 a piece, with a two a piece minimum, it was not worth it.  The bronzino was slimy and not very good.  I don't mind spending money for sushi (can you say Sasabune in NY), but I was very disappointed in Zama.  And I'm not just whining!!!
Good food. Small portions. Pricey. Horrible service. I should not have to wait 20 minutes for knife and fork so I can cut my now cold short ribs. The waitress also forgot to write down half the things I ordered. I won't go back.
I have been six times now, the last two we did the chef's tasting.  The flavor combinations are amazing, and a little unexpected.  I went a little outside of my usual comfort zone and tried everything that was placed infront of us, and was not disappointed.  

For sushi, the fish was perfectly cut and seasoned with wasabi, the rice was the perfect temperature and preparation.  We had this soft boiled/poached egg with some kind of Uni sauce (sorry, but at this point we were a full bottle of sake in so i don't remember how it was described exactly), but it was delicious.  

The most surprising dish though was dessert.  Too often, sushi houses give you the generic green tea tempura fried ice cream, but here the desserts are worthy of any fine dining establishment.  

Overall, thus is an excellent restaurant for dates and business meetings alike, I can see why they were awarded 3 bells!
I just love coming to Zama. Bento lunch boxes are delicious and inexpensive. My favorite is  bbq eel, it comes with the best miso soup around and tossed spring salad. Not sure why they change they bronzizzle, it used to come with a slice of hot chilli pepper on each roll, now its just sprinkled with hot sesame oil, and its not the same.
all in all a great place with nice atmosphere, great decor, beers are great as well, service is consistent (i have literally lunched there like 20 times),
will try for dinner!
Zama served one of the best meals I have eaten in a long time. I went with family for a birthday dinner so I wasn't paying, and I'd highly recommend dining on someone else's tab at this restaurant.

I tried: kaiso salad with octopus, house tofu (which is cooked tableside), wasabi truffle escargot, wasabi lobster and wasabi tuna sushi rolls, and the special which was soft shell crab. The appetizers were good but not incredible. The soft shell crab was out of this world delicious. The sushi rolls were good, but they had so much going on in them that you couldn't really appreciate the different ingredients. I don't know if they were worth the $19-$24 a roll. I'd say stick with the simpler rolls and just enjoy the incredible quality of fish. 

Then, the desserts. SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT. It is rare for a place like this to have dessert that stacks up to the caliber of its dinner, but wow desserts were probably the best part of this meal. The desserts are all small and come three to an order for $12 so you can sample a few. This was a rare occasion where instead of splitting one or two desserts for the table everyone got their own and it was well worth it. My boyfriend and I shared so I was able to try six desserts and in order from good to greatest they were matcha green tea strawberry cake, bitter chocolate mousse with sea salt, tofu beignets, fluffernutter dumplings, black sesame cheesecake, and yuzu creme brulee. We were all full from dinner but the desserts were so good that we finished them off entirely. 

We also shared two bottles of wine, and the total for 5 people (more than enough food but no leftovers) was close to $500. It is definitely a place fit for a celebration. If you're looking for excellent Japanese food and are willing to pay for not just the excellent cuisine but very good service and ambience, I'd check Zama out. And if someone is offering to take you out for your birthday, it's an even better idea.
Zama is a great-looking restaurant that serves pricey but solid sushi.  I tried a selection of raw seafood and it was all quite fresh.  One highlight was the Tuna Usuzukuri which was served with wasabi greens and truffled sauce.

Desserts were mixed. I enjoyed the pumpkin bread pudding but the Yuzu Crème Brulee was just okay. I don't remember the other dessert we tried.

I've only been here once so I'd say Zama's worth a try if you're flush & in the mood for sushi, though I'd go somewhere else for dessert.
Sushi was excellent and not overly loaded with rice (I hate that).  Seaweed salad was different then what I was used to but it was still good. Desserts were to die for - we chose the sampler (3 mini selections/$10).  I also had some lemony after dinner drink (similar to limoncello but not as sweet), also very good.
The place was reasonable and if you're vegetarian, they have a large selection for you too!
I'd return in a minute.
Sorry, Morimoto, but Zama has the best sushi in Philadelphia. Three friends and I ate at Zama the other night and all four of us were very impressed. From the sea bass tempura to the selection of rolls we ordered, the flavors were great. The California roll, which has no rice, instead wrapping tuna around real crab, and the bronzizzle, which uses branzino, yuzu, and hot sesame oil, were my favorites. The surf-and-turf (shrimp tempura wrapped in torched kobe beef) drew additional raves from others.

Perhaps the most shocking thing was the final bill: 2 appetizers, 5 special house rolls, a dessert, and 2 bottles of wine for less than $60/person. 

I can't wait to try the chirashi for lunch today.
I came here on a Friday night and loved it so much, I came back the next night. Unfortunately, I had two opposite experiences. 

Friday: Since it was just me, I was fine with sitting at the bar in front of the chefs. The girls in the front offered to check my coat and scarf which was really nice. My server (pretty girl, with black, really curly hair) greeted me immediately. After she answered some of my questions about the sake, I went with an unfiltered sake. Reading the menu, I was intrigued with the Bronzizzle (a roll with cucumber, avocado, fried scallions on the inside, topped with bronzino fish, ponzu and a hot sesame oil). The server told me it was one of her favorites, so I tried it. Wow! I ate it and wished I had more. It was fantastic. Throughout the meal, my server was very attentive. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. 

Saturday: Because of Friday, I was excited to come back. The restaurant was packed and the hostess offered to sit me at a table in the corner in the bar. No worries, I am flexible. After being seated awhile and seeing servers and the bartender come and go for a bit, I ask the hostess if I had a server. They went and talked to the bartender who was my server. He came over and apologized and brought over some menus. When he came back after a few minutes, I ordered a drink, an app, and the Bronzizzle. And that was the last I saw of the bartender. Other staff brought out my drink, food, and refilled my water. I saw the bartender make SEVERAL trips to a table in the dining room and on his way back behind the bar, it would have been easy for him to check on me. I watched as he chatted with the staff, patrons at the bar, and the table in the dining room. But he NEVER checked on how my drink was or the food. I couldn't believe it. After 45 minutes or so, one of the managers came to check on me and I asked for the check. I told him how the two experiences were and how upset I was about being neglected that night. He said he would take responsibility because of how busy the bartender was and they still chose to sit me in the bar. I think that is bullshit because I watched the bartender tend to everyone else the whole time. The manager assured me he would remember me the next time. And what good will that do if I never come back? 

My mantra is that it doesn't matter how good the food is, if the service is terrible I won't go back. So disappointing. Although the second time was a 1 star experience, I gave this plave 3 stars overall because of how great the first time was.
Well, where to start, where to start.
Ok, ok, here it is. 
Went there for lunch . Wooden interior not unlike Swedish spa surrounds you in this sterile plantless enviroment. Oh, wait, there was a plant. Or was it the hostess? This lifeless( but friendly )creature overdosed on tattoos wasn't showing much promise but...then...the 
food came out. Great! I mean it. Bento box exploding with yammy eel and rice, side of salad and edamame. Superbly cooked rice, great compliment to a good sushi place, many others overcook it out of pure laziness. Not here. Bronzino roll a bit pricey, but well worth the money. Delicious. Had a beer and a cocktail! 
Loved the place, good atmosphere and service, especially when one does bother to check on you while taking a book-reading break. :-)
Will go back.
Hmm - I just had a perfectly fine lunch at Zama, but I am honestly not sure what all of the fuss is about.  

My lunching partner and I were seated quickly towards the rear of the largely empty restaurant.  Our table vibrated noticeably throughout the meal, which was not a huge deal but was distracting enough to mention.  The decor was nice and simple, with a lot of light wood and whimsical touches.  We were quickly provided with water, menus and an explanation of some special items by our waiter.

Between the two of us, we had miso soup, assorted sashimi, and three rolls (spicy crunchy tuna, smoked salmon and fig, and yellowtail mango jalapeno), and everything was good to very good.  The yellowtail roll was, by far, the best.  The smoked salmon and fig worked better in theory than it did in execution.  We also had some Japanese beers, and were tempted into assembling a trio of mini desserts (yuzu creme brulee, fig and brown sugar tart, and a chocolate bread pudding).  The desserts were surprisingly outstanding, and almost tempted me to up the review to four stars.

However, I just can't do four stars for this experience.  For a ~$100 lunch for two, I was not particularly full when I left and the only food item that really made me ecstatic was the yuzu creme brulee.  The beer list was uninspired, and the by the glass wines were arguably overpriced.  They were also unwilling or unable to accommodate the fairly simple request of having a few pieces of sashimi brought out at the same time as the soup.  

At the moment, I would rank Zama behind Fat Salmon and Umai Umai for my mid-range sushi needs.  That being said, I would have no problem giving Zama another shot, and will update if i do.
New best sushi place in Philly. The quality is incomparable. Sagami has been dethroned! Totally worth it. NYC quality with Philly prices. Amazing
It has been hit or miss for me here. I live around the block so when I want a more upscale sushi meal I will go here. The prices are still much higher than I would like  and I don't think the final product is worth that inflated price.  I like the feel of the restaurant and usually I eat at the bar. 

Most of the time the service is great though my last trip in there was pretty disappointing. The bartender was on his phone with his back to me the entire meal, so no one ever asked if the meal was alright and I never got any water to wash down the salty soy sauce. The meal itself was pretty good, but again not worth the $40 I dropped on two rolls and a glass of wine.
Tasty - but expensive. $18 for vegetable sushi?  Please.  Not a place for vegetarians; even the seaweed salad has dashi in it.  Of course, that's the authentic style, so I'm not complaining. The tempura was dreamy; the sea salt on our edamame received no perceptible enhancement from green tea.
The hot appetizers are tasty - but then again, you can't mess up scallops and sea bass. 
That said, I'm disappointed at the sashimi and chirashi. 
We got the sashimi appetizer black belt, and the fish tasted yellow belt to me at best. the chirash's probably green belt. I've tasted $20 bowls that had better cuts of fish, so for $45 a bowl it's bit of a downer. but they did throw in 1 amaebi and some crab meat, so kudos to that. 
Overall the fish just didn't taste very fresh or high quality. and it would've been fine for a moderately priced campus restaurant, but for the price I definitely expected better. 
The mini desserts are probably the best value in the restaurant. nothing particularly special but you get to pick 3 for $10. 

break down of ratings:
cooked appetizer: 4~4.5 stars
raw fish: 2.5 stars
dessert: 3.5 stars
service: 3.5~4 stars

I had to weigh the entree a little more than the appetizer and dessert. It's not a bad meal. but the money could be better spent.
Overall, this ranks in the top 5 worst experiences at a restaurant in Philadelphia in the 17 years I've lived here. Our party of 4 had 3 sushi lovers and 1 non fish eater. 

Starting with the waitress, we were seated at a booth set up for 6. She never removed the additional settings, which remained through the 1st course and were taken away eventually by a busboy who realized the phantom guests weren't coming. Drinks ordered also didn't show up until after the appetizers were finished....

Explaining we were hungry, we were talked into sharing a "big" sushi platter, and upgrading to "belly" cuts for around $60. Total rip-off as this wouldn't have satisfied a single diner, let alone two.  In fact, every item ordered seemed "rationed"....

Our bill ended up coming to over $180, and we left hungrier than when we arrived.  The complete indifference of the waitress was consistent throughout our meal, which simply made the experience even more unpleasant. 

The food itself was good, but I will never return to this establishment again, or any other owned by the proprietor.
I unfortunately do not remember our servers name but she was one of the two redeeming factors to our experience. She was very knowledgable of the menu very polite and accommodating. We had a 7:00 reservation and got there early at 6:40, thinking they would have a decent table since we had a reservation, they sat us in what I would consider the worst table in the place, right in the middle isle, tiny table, next to the kitchen and the computer, and right up against where they place their pitchers of water which shook our table every time the put one there. Highest traffic area. We requested to move to a different table and our server was happy to oblige. We started with the oyster shooters, which were awesome. We also each got a special roll which was good, but nothing that special especially for the price. We then had the sushi sashimi combo and upgraded it to the black belt option. A tiny plate of very small cuts of fish came out, since it was all chef selection we were expecting a decent variety.... Sea bass, yellow tail, one piece of salmon, and one other fish I don't remember was all that came with it. It was the most bland and flavorless sushi dish I've ever had. We spent $170 and left still hungry. Very disappointing experience, will not be returning or recommending to anyone
Hands down the best sushi and food in general Ive had in philly. I depended on my waitress for many of my choices as it was my first time and she did a more then stellar job of choosing excellent items. from the drinks i sampled a mixed drink and a beer to the appetizers to the sushi everything was class. Great place for a romantic date or to grab a spot at the sushi bar and have a few rolls and a drink.
Beautiful decor and ambiance, but falls flat on service and food for the price. 

Lunch specials are decently priced, ~$26-$28 per person when it's all said and done. We got the spicy chirashi bowl - which is quite a beautiful dish. This was actually tasty; the rice was well flavored and fish was fresh. They also had wasabi roe; which really spiced up the dish. 

HOWEVER; three of us ordered the same chirashi lunch special and only one bento set had the tempura... This was written in the menu as part of the set lunch special for the chirashi set. I get if there isn't enough, but just leave all of them out, don't just put it on one? 

Miso udon soup was a little plain and the edamame was just okay. 

Service was ehhh, waitress was quite forgetful and was not very attentive. 

For the price; I expected better.
Love the sushi here.  I work about a block away so this is my go to spot when I'm craving sushi for lunch.  If I go with a friend, usually split the edamame and then get two rolls.

Most recently I had the spicy crunchy yellowtail and the california roll with king crab.  Both were pretty reasonably priced and were delicious.  The fish was very fresh, and although I probably could have eaten one more roll, that's just because I'm gluttonous, they were a good size.  

The service was good.  When its raining they'll take your umbrella for you and hold it at the front, which is a little thing, but its nice because you don't have to get your table wet.
My sister and I wanted to splurge on some sushi since we havent had any in a while, and this was the perfect location to catch up during Thanksgiving break.  The service was great, and the ambience was lively yet intimate.  We wanted seats at the sushi bar but it was too full, however we were seated immediately at a table without a reservation. We had a sashimi appetizer which included Salmon Toro, that melted in my mouth. We also ordered a carafe of sake, Miso soup, and sushi- tuna, toro, eel, and uni. The food was just delicious- fresh, warm rice with the sushi, and the proportion of the a la carte sushi pieces were surprisingly bigger than most places. The food was great but the service was also pleasant, the waitress made good recommendations, and was so nice and wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. I would definitely save up to treat us to this experience again!
This place was extremely expensive. Sashimi portions were extremely small yet as expensive or more expensive than  anywhere we have been. The desserts were amazing.
I got a few recommendations to try Zama recently, so I went finally and enjoyed it very much.  The service was a little slow (for sushi), but still, with the help of my waitress Roxanne, they were able to customize sushi rolls for this gluten-free gal more than any other place I've been to.  Very very cool.  Oh, and heads-up - Roxanne let me know that all of the specialty rolls that usually have fun sauces that are not GF will soon be available for GF'ers!  Redics!  I love it!  They have gluten-free soy sauce, so just ask for it.

For starters, the cocktails are darn good.  I had the lychee fizz, which was a delicious take on sparkling wine (cava) with a kick (peach bitters).  From the starters menu, the hibachi scallops came with two large scallops and a nice cherry tomato/onion salad.  This was pricey for what we got (two scallops, $12), but quite good.  The edamame sampler was fun for the sake of trying some flavored salts (but nothing too special to make it cost $10).  Wasabi salt was the most remarkable - it had a real kick!  We also tried yuzu and green tea variations.

On to the maki rolls...all of which seemed reasonably priced (more so than the starters).  There were some specials on the menu that sounded interesting, but I wanted to taste sushi.  I tried four rolls - the spicy tuna, salmon/avocado, yellowtail/mango/jalapeno, and the bagel roll (lol) - aka Philadelphia roll.  All were very good - nice-sized rolls, six pieces per roll, with fresh fish.  The yellowtail/mango/jalapeno was cool - would definitely get that again!

When I go back, I would definitely like to try some of the prepared entrees...they look better than your average chicken teriyaki-type dish!  Two thumbs up for ambiance - there is cool wood paneling on the walls and the booths are cool.  There is a private room in the back - perhaps for larger parties?
The sushi chefs at Zama seem to understand that roll creativity does not mean sacrificing flavor. They understand that it's not optimal to load a roll with mango, coconut, soybeans, eight types of fish, uni and some roe for it to be sufficiently interesting. 

Unlike most spicy tuna rolls that offer an all too generous dose of Kewpie blended with Japanese red-spice blend, the Double Spicy Tuna Roll at Numa let the acidity of the red tuna melt with the creaminess of the white tuna and avocado, expertly spiced by chili oil. A few bites into this roll, and your mouth might be craving a fire extinguisher save for the balancing sweetness of the eel sauce. 

Zama receives a full five stars because although the restaurant does not standardly offer regular soy sauce (HEY YOU WHITE PEOPLE, GUESS WHAT? LOW SODIUM SOY SAUCE IS LIGHTLY FLAVORED...THIS MEANS YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO DOUSE YOUR ROLL IN THE STUFF. AND I'LL BET IF YOU USED SOY SAUCE PROPERLY YOU WOULDN'T MAKE THE REST OF US SUFFER BY FORCING RESTAURANTS TO ONLY SERVE THE LOW-SODIUM LOW FLAVOR CRAP.), the waitress kindly brought over a mini dish of her personal regular soy sauce. Many thanks.
Slight increase in rating for the pleasant, speedy service I received at a recent lunch, and the more flavorful crunch, spicy tuna roll and spider roll.
How was it possible that i've never been here before?!? I'm sorry Mr. Morimoto, this place has you beat in my opinion.  I mean no disrespect but they just have more to offer.  Chef Zama brings out all the flavors of the ingredients in his dishes.  I knew walking in this place spot seems familiar. Thanks fellow yelper, Michelle,  for reminding us it used to be Loie (I miss thee).  For drinks we had the kumquat cocktail (it was delicious, i've never had kumquat in a mixed drink before and this was a nice treat), the warm sake for the night was delightful, next was the sweet potato sho chu on the rocks (can't go wrong with this one), and last was the warm hazelnut sake.  This sake is awesome.  I am going to find this and enjoy at home if i can.  In fact the entire flavored warm sake list looking amazing.  I would definitely come back here just for some sake!  

Now for the food.  We started with the edamame and sampler of salts.  Our favorite was the wasabi salt.  I suggest you keep it aside throughout your meal.  It's a great palate cleanser in between dishes.  The bf opted for the chef tasting menu at 55$.  It was enough for if your not extremely hungry.  His dishes for the night included: Chawan Mushi
Egg, Hamachi Tataki, Black Cod Dice, a hand roll (can't remember what kind, but he loved it), a salad dish with fish, and dessert. I might have missed another dish but everything that was served for this tasting menu was just great.  No complaints! His dessert included green tea mochi.

I ordered the Japanese Crudo--it was fun to do your part before eating this.  The best thing i ate for the night was the Vetri roll.  I don't ever order unagi (eel) but this was an exception.  The daikon wrapper adds great flavor to the roll.  The uni sauce is to die for, i wish there was more on my plate.  I also ordered a couple sashimi pieces including, bronzino, king yellowtail, octopus, and snapper.  I could have done without the octopus, it was a bit tough.  The spider roll was quite tasty.  The yuzu creme brulee was nice dessert that definitely cleanses your palate.  

Be cautious: you will want to try a lot of items, you will end up sharing things to let the other person taste the awesomeness, and lastly your bill can easily add up so plan on stashing some cash before coming here.  

I can't wait to come here again!
Personally, I don't think sushi gets much better in the Philadelphia area.  Zama has the uncanny ability to make excellent traditional rolls as well as some truly wonderful, cutting-edge sushi.

Dinner started for us with the fried brussels sprouts, which had such an amazing crunch to them.  We also grabbed the seared salmon with bok choy; this was not my favorite dish of the meal, but it was still a great piece of fish.  For sushi, we ordered the negi toro (tuna belly) and the surfer roll (yellowtail with jalapeno, tuna sashimi, and avocado).  The highlight of the meal for me, though, was the salmon with dried fig roll.  The roll was breathtaking and the sweet/salty combination from the soy sauce really made it sing.

I also want to say that our waitress did a phenomenal job tonight.  I told her about my food allergies and she was extremely conscientious.  She made sure to talk to the chef about my issues and they tailored a few of the dishes to fit my needs.  She was very attentive during our meal and was a great resource when we asked her about several of the menu items.

If I had to complain about anything here, I would say that the menu does seem to gloss over some ingredients.  I was surprised to find out the one dish I wanted had butter in it and that the other dish was tempura-battered, even though there was no mention of this in writing.  This made me glad that I had mentioned my dietary restrictions to the waitress because she was able to alert me of these problems.    

In short, I will gladly return to Zama in the future.  The food here is excellent and the wait staff is incredible.  I would recommend asking about dish ingredients if you suffer from food allergies like me; your wait person will happily assist you and guide you through the menu.
Sashimi quality is pretty low, even at the black belt level. They are also the smallest cuts I've ever seen. $28 for the lunch sashimi combo was the size of a $12 appetizer anywhere else, New York included. Was completely empty when I went, which probably explains why they are cutting costs by being uber stingy on the fish. Stay away
This place makes me think of that song "If I had 1,000,000 dollars". I'd go HAM at this place if I could!!!!!
 I don't even normally eat sushi and I think this place converted me into a sushi lover.
For appetizers I had the braised short ribs, nasu dengaku and pork dumplings (fried). All were delectable, the only thing I wish is that the portions were bigger!
For sushi I tried the hamachi tataki, tuna tataki and the spicy crunchy scallop of the Rittenhouse three. My favorite of those was the hamachi tataki. Pair it with the yellowtail and it is extraordinary.
