I do not usually review a place I have never eaten at or tasted the food. 

Here is the deal, I live in California and never have been to the east cost before or have stepped foot in Philadelphia Pennsylvania ever! I wanted to do something nice for a girl that lives there for Valentine's Day and send a Pizza instead of Flowers! I called a few places and found Zesto Pizza & Grill and asked if they could make a custom pizza with a heart just for the girl I wanted to send the pizza to. I paid over the phone and the delivered it to her exactly at the time I requested. Now I can't tell you how it tasted, as it is over 2000+ miles away from where I ordered it, but she tasted it and said it was probably one of her favorite pizzas she has had in Philadelphia. Sam prepared one of the best looking custom pizzas I have ever seen using grilled chicken. He even went further and added tomato sauce to make the heart red. He is a true pizza artist in my book! I hope one day when I come to visit her and take my first trip to the East Coast, to actually taste the pizza! Sam was even nice enough to send me photos of the pizza to make sure that I liked it! 5 star only because she said it was good and all the other facts, since I did not actually taste it! I have uploaded the pictures of the creation!
Zesto is a great new pizza place that just opened near Penn's campus.

I had the White Margherita Pizza, which was really good. It was $10 for the small pizza, which lasted me two meals (and I eat a lot). Zesto also has hoagies, wraps, paninis, calzones, pasta, and more. 

Zesto's pizza is wayyy tastier than the pizza at any other place around campus (I'm looking at you, Allegros). It is open until 3am on Fridays and Saturdays, so I think it will become a popular option for late night munchies amongst Penn students.
Best pizza in University City. The slices are huge, so you only need to order one, unless you're really hungry! Zestos is always the pizza requested by the crowd whenever I order pizzas for any event or party. Their other food is also very good, but I'm usually just there for the pizza.
I'm always intrigued when I see a new pizza place. Of course, I am also cautious since there are many sub par places. I am that snobby pizza guy who grew up in New York and expect nothing less *cough* from Philly pizza joints. But really, I do expect less. But I know there are some decent spots out there.

That said, after a few good views, my interest perked up more. I lucked into trying Zesto out for the first time when leftovers were dropped off at the kitchen in my work place. I was instantly impressed. Good crust, cheese and sauce. The pepperoni is so large it's like salami and it tastes sooo good.

Since, I have ordered from them several times. The last time the pizza folded over a little, causing cheese to slip off and toppings to go array. I called them up to complain. The guy on the phone was very apologetic and offered to send 3 new pies. Since it was edible, I told him 2 would be enough. It was here and perfect in about 15 minutes.

Great pizza. Great service. Very stand up place. This is my new go to place.
I've been meaning to leave a good review for Zesto, but I've gotten food from here just one time too many. Last night I stopped in and placed an order to go, got my food and went home to eat. A pepperoni cheesesteak and some mozzarella fries are what I got... what I'd normally get. I opened the bag and what do I see? Regular cheese wiz fries. I'm like okay.... I'm too far to really make an issue out of this. It wasn't that big of a deal... until I spit out some fine METAL COILS after taking a few bites. If this upsets you as a patron of this place, it should! But wait, it gets better.

That was yesterday. Back in the early summer I ordered the same thing (for delivery that time) and had a piece of PLASTIC in my cheesesteak. Yeah, I saved it. We let them know via phone and were told that they'd see to it that it wouldn't happen again. Well... it looks like instead of Zesto seeing that people not have plastic in their food they've upped the ante to metal. What's next? For me there is no next time and there shouldn't be a next time for you either. I gave them another chance after the plastic. In 30+ years of my life I've never had anything in my food that didn't belong. How Zesto managed to strike lightning twice in the same spot is beyond me! Or have other people gotten plastic and metal in their food too?

Check out my photos below. 

Between in-person pick up and delivery via phone, I've eaten from Zesto about a dozen times in the past year but enough is enough.
I personally feel that there is no decent pizza in University City. However, that has changed since Zesto opened. I am a huge fan. I had a slice of the white ricotta pizza. It was delicious and only cost $2.60 for a very large slice. I think the slices with more toppings cost more, but it's worth it because the toppings are piled on. My friend had a veggie slice that he said was also very good.

The workers are very friendly and will explain everything if asked. If you want to eat there, the decor is clean and bright and there is a large TV if you want to watch sports.

Definitely my new go-to place for pizza etc. in U City. They even deliver!
Number one pizza delivery no-no. When your pie arrives and all the cheese has slid to one side. Why this happens. The pizza wasnt given time to sit before it was put into the delivery bag. Hot, loose cheese plus a hard right turn = Im mad. 
Beyond presentation....my god the salt...this by far is the saltiest pizza Ever.
Fries....totally fine. crunch, not overly oily.
We're in Philly for the weekend. Being that our bus home to NYC doesn't leave for 5 hours, we decide to venture out, find a movie theater (it's way too cold to do any sight seeing!), and I task my husband with finding a spot for breakfast. Well, he found Zesto's, a man's version of "brunch", and I'm so glad he did! Reading the reviews on here, we were anticipating a tasty treat. What we got, however, surpassed that thought. The menu is vast. Everything from hot sandwiches, cold sandwiches, salads, wings, calzones, strombolis, fries, mozzarella sticks, and of course, their signature pizzas. 

I got a chicken panini, served on a wonderfully pressed ciabatta roll (grill marks and all!), with pesto, roasted red peppers, tomatoes, and cheese. YUM! The hubby got the "small" calzone. Woah! The meatlover calzone came in a gorgeous crescent shape, filled with mozzarella and ricotta cheeses, sausage, ground beef, and a side of the sweet and savory marinara sauce. He was able to finish one of its four pieces. 

Being from NYC, we have high standards for these delicacies. Zesto's, you've made us jealous that you aren't easily accessible to us. We'll have to make sure you're on our itinerary for the next trip to Philly!
Guys please stop ordering Pizza from anywhere else in University City and just order Zesto.  I used to think Allegros had good pizza, but they have fallen off and now only suit my late-night, drunken cravings.  When I want a good slice of pizza for lunch or dinner, I come straight here.  I am never disappointed, not even with the most plain slice of cheese pizza and that's saying something.  Their gourmet options are incredible too, you really can not go wrong.  They do wonderfully for large orders or small orders so order for a party of a few friends or for a conference-they've got you covered! 

Thank you, Zesto, for saving me from the other pizza joints on campus!
Zesto is a nice place for lunch or dinner takeout if you work or stay in the area. The food is delicious, affordable, and the quantity is insanely huge! Although sometimes their fried stuff (fried chicken fingers) can be a little greasy but overall it's not too bad! 

This place mostly caters to junk, fast food; so healthy eaters may not find it amusing.
I can't speak highly enough of this place. There are so many pizza places in University City and West Philly, but this one is the absolute best. The slices are huge, the white margherita pizza is so good it actually freaks me out, and the service is supremely friendly. They deliver promptly, and in one case under ten minutes during a terrible snow storm. 

Zesto is the best.
Mmm... cheesesteak... had it delivered to CHOP and they came faster than I thought. So good too... the best stress relief is to eat phenomenal food. Thank you!!!
This is by far the best pizza place on campus. The pizza is fantastic - thin crust, big slices, great flavor. For slices, they always have your standard options of cheese, pepperoni and sausage available as well as a few specialty ones like barbecue chicken or chicken bacon ranch. There's also deals for 2 slices and a drink, but that's almost too much food - the slices are really big. I have to hit this place every day on my way home.
Tried Zesto's again and was just as pleased as the first time. Ordered the cheesesteak hoagies mine wit and wife's with provolone. Both were great and large enough to eat half for two meals. Also ordered the fries and onion rings. Fast delivery and food always arrives well packaged and warm. I'm not saying it's fancy fine dining, but if your Hungry for a cheesesteak, don't be afraid to order from here. I'd put theirs up against any I have tasted in city, and that includes John's. I almost popped on their cheesesteak Stromboli but changed at last minute as I really like the rolls they use. I'll have to try Stromboli next time !
My friend and I were hungry so we went on Yelp to find open near by restaurants. Zesto Pizza & Grill caught our attention and so did the food selection. I'm so glad we decided to order from here because the delivery was on time and the food was amazing! I ordered a cheesesteak with wiz, fried onions, mushrooms and pepperoni with a side of curly fries (I love the fact that they had curly fries) with cheese on top & a Dr.Pepper. My friend ordered the texas cheeseburger & a side of onion rings. The portions were big enough for leftovers too.
Zesto's is typical for a college pizza joint, but where they seem to bring extra success is in a quality, if not necessarily unique product, delivered with quality customer service.  Unlike most pizza joints, I usually pick-up because it's close and they're incredibly friendly.  We come back when we want a typical BBQ or buffalo (or similar pizza).

Pros:

Quality if unspecial pizzas.  For all those random slices, semi-creative pies and other needs, Zesto's hits the spot.  We prefer the Buffalo Chicken, but even their cheese is solid.  

Service is excellent here.  Fast, efficient and incredibly friendly.  Honestly, in a world of pretty miserable university city businesses (because dealing with college students can be fairly mentally and emotionally taxing...i get it), Zesto's is a step above.

Prices are comparable if even a little less expensive than other places.  For the quality, it's a great deal.

Cons:

Sometimes there can be some miscommunication between orders, online or otherwise, and staff.  It happens, they're apologetic and friendly about it.  

The location is fine, but in a semi-high traffic area which can be difficult to drive in/out of if that's what you're doing.  Do yourself a favor, park by Distrito and walk a block down - much easier.

Other Notes:

The occasionally run a great grubhub or yelp online special for a few bucks off.  It makes the deal pretty solid and comparable to even cheap joints around the area.

Conclusion:  For pizza you can count on, Zesto's is a great spot.  It's good.  It's affordable.  And most of all, they're so gracious and friendly, it's a breath of fresh air!
The Stromboli's(cheese & chick cheesesteak) and salads are great. Delivery is quick (ordered from their website not grubhub or Uber eats)
Best cheesesteak in West Philadelphia / University City area. For weeks, I've ordered from about 8 different shops, always to be left disappointed. As soon as I set my eyes on this puppy, I knew I made the right choice. The first juicy bite had the perfect ratio of steak, cheese, onion, and ketchup. The roll had the feeling of being homemade fresh, and the steak itself chopped up so fine and small, just the way I like it, so everything runs together. This picture of my new best friend is the next day, after being heated up in the oven. Just as delicious, but now with a crispy roll.

Oh, and fantastic pizza and service as well.
I turn to Zesto every Wednesday to cater my weekly work event. The pizza is really good and the service is even better. I've ordered from them 6 times and they've arrived early if not on time every time, (which should be standard but is not.) Their delivery people are always very friendly. I love that I can order online and receive delivery alerts right to my phone!
I found Zesto to be an average pizza place with nice employees. Everyone works quickly to take your order and prepare your food. The pizza itself was a bit greasy and not in a good way (like when a certain cheese blend naturally gives off good tasty oils). The sauce was ok and the crust was not overly flavorful (I tried regular cheese pizza and white pizza). Slices are huge, and they have plenty of specialty pizzas with generous amounts of toppings. There is a small seating area with a TV (usually tuned to ESPN but kept low). 

This is a good place to grab a quick slice during a break.
The pizza is pretty good. I am taking off 1 star because the pizza is a little sloppy. Which you can see in the picture. I am taking off another star because I asked for pepperoni as well and they didn't put them on. The 3rd star I took off because it took an hour and a half to get my pizza.
Great food. I go there all the time. Recently just can't figure out why they have a guy fixing the slices and handling money at the same time with no gloves. Not cool.
Zesto is ridiculously amazing. It was probably one of the best things that's happened to me during my four years at Penn. First of all, the food is so fresh and delicious. My work only orders pizza from Zesto because their pies are on point. They blow Allegro and Axis completely out of the water. I even prefer Zesto pizza over fancier places like Zavino. Zesto is great because it keeps it simple and fresh. I also love Zesto because they literally have EVERYTHING and it's always delicious! I have had their chicken tenders, fries, burgers, etc and I have never been disappointed. My ultimate favorite thing here though is their Greek salad with grilled chicken. Their ingredients in it are so fresh that it is the only salad that I eat with absolutely no dressing and I just savor the fresh crispness of the veggies. And the portion is huge (see attached image)! I always eat it in two separate meals because there is so much, and I eat a lot. I could probably even make it into three meals if I wanted. The salad also comes with a delicious breadstick. I'm a Greek Lady (nearby restaurant) fan but I like Zesto's Greek Salad much better because the portion is heartier, there are more olives (which are pitted, in Greek Lady you have to spit out the pits yourself) and toppings, and the salad is just fresher overall. This is my favorite salad ever, better than Sweetgreen, Saladworks, etc. I could literally talk about this salad for hours and I've had it four times in the past week alone! 

Aside from the food, the service is remarkably quick. I will usually call to order my salad for pick up and it's ready for me when I walk the five minutes it takes to get there. The people working there are also very nice and pleasant. And the prices are very affordable! $12 for my salad that is big enough for 3 meals! Zesto is definitely one of my favorite places on campus and I can't wait to get their salad again!
Great for groups. Great for delivery. Great for a late night meal. 

For UCity, it's one of the better place. People mostly order from here or Allegro's for catering, but this place is far better. The quality is higher, and the crust is that perfect crunchy consistency. All their food is delicious and the toppings taste fresh.
Ive ordered from here last night and our pizza was SO soggy - it was SO wet! it wasn't even worth eating.we were so disappointed! We ordered from here before and it was great.. not sure if something was in the kitchen that had no idea what they were doing.. it was very under cooked. I don't think i ever had a pizza this soggy.
As a picky New York native, I found Zesto's pizza to be quite sufficient in meeting some of my pizza needs.  I've tried the pepperoni, mushroom, buffalo chicken, and chicken bacon ranch slices.  They were all pretty good.  The crust is thin and crispy, but still sort of chewy, which I think is perfect.  My only complaint is that the sauce and the chicken were a little bland, but they do have seasoning and parmesan shakers available which could help that.  The slices are huge and not too expensive.  It was under $14 for two regular slices, two specialty slices and two drinks.  And two slices was a little too much so I'll definitely order less next time.  But there will definitely be many next times for me at Zesto.
They have the New Yorker type slice here,  and I'm loving it.  This thin sliced pizza has all that familiarity of the great pizza you get from authentic pizzerias, with the yummy ooziness of the oil (which you sometimes just can't bother to dab off), to that just right, sorta burned but not, crust. It's not like a paper thin slice, but sort of close.  The base of the slice/dough is pretty chewy and tough,  and rather thick. Zesto's gets crammed during lunch, and there is minimal seating.  They have a 2 plain slices+drink for 5.50 and other specials.
Remember to use the Coupon Code from the Yelp page when you're ordering online for the first time.  I forgot.  Missed my 10%  :-(    It will not stop me from ordering online again.  Ordered delivery online for work.  Very easy and you can pay and leave the tip from the website...so convenient.    

I put a delivery note about being handicap and the driver came right up to where I was with my walker.  He called to let me know he was on his way.  And when he got there he apologized for the wait.  But it was barely any wait at all.  From the time I order till he got there was less than 1/2 hour and in rush hour traffic.  So very good on the delivery time and the nice man coming up the stairs to me  :-)

We ordered 10 wings, dry with BBQ sauce on side & cheesesteak with fried onions and extra American cheese.  I have to tell you I am a Philly girl born and raised.  I am also a big girl and love my cheesesteaks.  This was an excellent cheesesteak.  Extra cheese is always iffy, but they definitely had extra cheese.  There seemed like extra meat because 1/2 of it ended up not being eaten and saved for the next day.  Like I said, I'm a big girl and that rarely happens. ;-) Roll was soft and fresh with the right amount of fried onions.  Sometimes around work I am so disappointed about the cheesesteaks, but not this time at all.  This will now be my go-to place for cheesesteaks. 

The only reason we didn't rate 5 stars is because the wings, even though they were dry, weren't crispy.  Not soggy, but not crispy either, somewhere in between.  We did get the extra blue cheese and celery as asked.  We decided that if we had gotten the BBQ sauce on them it would have been better.  We'll do that next time.  

I'm glad I went to Yelp to find a new place to order out. Delivery was fast.  Order was perfect.  Food tasted great. We have enough left over for lunch/dinner tomorrow.  Can't ask for more.  I'm sharing with my friends here at work.  We have a lot of people here and I'm sure they will love the food too.
Finally! A pizza place that doesn't give you soggy thin crust lazy excuse for drunk satisfaction. Doughy crust I love, actually good bacon, first time delivered small pizza and sandwich in *12 minutes* and second time a small pizza and app in 15. Both on Saturdays ... even reasonably priced - I have found my pizza place
Ate here for lunch today for the first time being a new customer and I absolutely loved my steak Quesadilla! It was so good. The guys up front were extremely nice and that's a huge plus with me. I haven't tried the slices yet but I will Definitely be coming here  instead of other places I did before! !
Fresh, tasty pizza. Huge slices. Giant pepperoni. Clean. Service with a smile. Family friendly. 
Mozzarella fries get three out of ten stars.
The pizza with pepperoni and mushroom toppings is delicious! The grilled chicken salad was tasty and fresh as well. Definitely will be back for more tastings =]
Update: I tried the red margarita and white margarita pizzas today, and both were delicious, albeit untraditional. The red margarita pizza is thickly covered with a chunky red sauce that is chock full of flavor, garlic, and fresh basil. Small pieces of mozzarella are placed on top. The sauce is so heavy that I had to eat this slice with a fork and knife, which I never do. 

The while margarita pizza was good as well. There are small patches of chunky tomato sauce (described above) and lots of pizza cheese, fresh basil, and fresh mozzarella.

Both slices were fresh and flavorful, and my slices were ordered and heated quickly.

I will be back next time I have a hankering for pizza at work.
Pretty disappointed that this quantifies 1/2 extra cheese and 1/2 pepperoni. And it arrived semi-cold slopped slightly to one side of the box. Driver also seemed to expect me to pick up the food from his car, as he waited a long time after I had opened the front door to him to meet me on my porch. I was wearing house slippers and even had time to check my mail and greet my arriving family at the door before he actually came up. See photo. I will say that what was there was delicious just unsightly and skimpy.

Sorry, I edited this review only to state that in fairness zestos is a personal favorite. I ordered pizza delivery from them primarily 9/10 of the time. Typically they are very friendly and accommodating never rude on the phone in my recollection. This review is based solely on this ordering experience, my poor sad sad pizza pie, and because my son little boo bear had been asking for triangle pizza for dinner relentlessly for literally a week before dad and I finally caved.
I didn't dine in, so this review is only for the food.

I pre-ordered my pizza online and it was very convenient and efficient. I asked for a pick-up time of 6PM and around 5:45, I got an email saying that my pizza was ready! When I arrived at Zesto, the employees had my pizza ready for me and everything. I wish they had bags large enough to cover the whole pizza box to prevent it from getting cold during my brief walk outside in the chilly winter night, but oh well.

We ordered the Hawaiian pizza. It came out to approximately $12 for a 12-inch pizza, which is definitely on the pricier side. However, the pizza was delicious! I think it was saltier than I expected, but the Hawaiian comes with both bacon and ham (double whammy on the salt!) So it's expected, not their fault. The pizza could've been cheesier, but hey, it was already delicious as it was. 

I'll be coming back again! Maybe not for the Hawaiian again, but to try something else!
BBQ Chicken pizza has just the right amount of BBQ sauce. Other fav flavs include veggie and buffalo chicken  Never actually bought Zesto's myself (the dental school usually caters it for events or meetings) so I'm not sure about prices but I always prefer Zesto's over Allegro's plain cheese, Papa John's, Domino's or Pizza Hut.
Always on point. Their pizza doesn't disappoint. Cheese steaks are hearty. Chicken cheese steaks....meh (but I am also picky about my chicken cheese steaks). I usually always go for Zesto for a easy West Philly pizza fix.
Walking in for a slice, wasn't really too happy about the taste of my pizza. Doesn't really have a great, cheesy pizza flavor, and instead sort of just had a slight chewy texture with some veggies on it. I've had full pizzas from here before, and maybe they taste a little better, but the pizza is slightly bland unless you get some crazy flavorful toppings on it. 

Also tried the house fries from here, also nothing too special about the cheese and fries. Maybe the blend they use isn't super mozzarella-y, just a light sprinkling. I don't know, but it suited my craving just enough to hold me over until I want a real slice from another pizza joint!
The pizza and wings we got were average... nothing exciting. We ordered delivery and it was an hour wait which turned into an hour and a half wait because the delivery was late. The food arrived cold and needed to be reheated.
I just went in and order a pizza for take out because the place was convenient. Got home and am eating my pizza...there was a medium length blonde hair baked into the cheese. Disgusting.
Updating my review since I picked up my order today. No new comments on the food , but disappointed that the staff not wearing masks properly including the one that is making the food
I've found a permanent go to pizza spot. This was only my second time ordering from here and I'm even more impressed than before with the food I received. It was sooo good. The small Stromboli was enough for a family of 3. I will be ordering again.
Given that we ordered on Superbowl Sunday -- I think their delivery time was totally acceptable, about an hour (which I hope isn't their standard). The pizzas were both still warm when they got here -- although not piping hot which would definitely have helped the flavor.

I got their Hawaiian pizza which was really good, and made a supreme (green peppers, onions, mushroom, sausage) 16" for both. Also ordered 20 buffalo wings, at " normal spicy" level. The wings were awesome, actually spicy-- unlike a lot of other places that don't give me enough punch on that spice level!

Those three items ran us $55 pre-tip. I'd say their pizza is pretty solid but I'd definitely need another try to know their consistency on delivery, and flavor / temperature profile. We will see.. !
this is the best pizza around here. well done cheese pizza is like 17 dolla bills. they always tell you 45 min and it takes less. i order chicken fingers for my kiddo, they ahight. ohh, off menu pizza order is white pizza with meatballs. they do nice little rosettes of ricotta. place is quality and affordable. polite order takers. they save your info and their process rules.
Driver was given very clear directions. Called me twice. I told him I was standing outside the address provided. He screamed at me "no you not" He barely spoke English. I yelled back and him and told him not to raise his voice to me ever again and to check his location. He then said "oh, I at 3600.... I come down street to you"...... he came down the street. Stopped in the middle of heavy traffic blocking cars who were honking. He rolled his window down once again screaming at me to come waving me over. I said I can't do you not see all the cars??? He obviously didn't see my backpack with oxygen or the cane I was carrying either.  Total jerk off. Not happy at all.
