I have dined at Zorba's once before several years ago and was very pleased then as I am now with this latest experience. This is a BYOW restaurant which are immensely popular for those of us who want and like good food at reasonable prices and prefer to bring our favorite wine without the customary tavern markup, I wish more restaurants would consider this option.
 For starters we had grilled octopus which was extremely tender, grilled perfectly and served with olive oil, garlic and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. Next came our cold mezze plate with Taramosalata (cavier dip), Skordalia( potato garlic puree), Melitzanosalata ( roast eggplant dip), Kopanisti ( spicy feta cheese), Hummus ( chickpea spread) and domades ( stuffed grape leaves), this cold mezze was excellent in many respects better than I have had elsewhere when dining Greek. For my main coarse, I order roast lamb which came with rice, potato and a mixed vegetable, the lamb was delicious and very tender looking more like pulled pork than  sliced lamb roast, no matter, the flavor was outstanding so to were the accompanying sides. Others ordered roast chicken; a combination plate of Greek sausage (Lukániko), meatballs (Keftedakia), pastitcio ( baked casserole of  ground meat, pasta with a Béchamel sauce). Everyone was very pleased with their choices and as you might expect we all shared as most foodies usually do, the chicken btw was bomb!
 For dessert and to share for our table, I ordered Kataifi ( a shredded philo dough baklava type sweet), Galaktoboureko ( layers of golden brown crispy phyllo, sprinkled with melted butter, filled with a creamy custard and bathed in scented syrup, personal favorite) and Revani ( a coarse semolina cake soak in simple syrup). All desserts were excellent and what one would expect when dining in an authentic Greek restaurant; the Galaktoboureko, well lets just say it was intergalactic! 
 Zorba's is a family run business that has kept very close to Greek style family dining tradition this place does it extremely well and the table service is outstanding, Zorba's offers a dining experience you won't want to miss when you are in Philly.
I just ate the best Mediterranean delivery food of my life. I couldn't even wait until tomorrow to write this review, that's how good this was. Two reviews, one day-good. Okay, you get the point. 

I came across Zorba's on a delivery app and promptly checked out the Yelp reviews. Solid scores all around from my trusted peers. I love Mediterranean food and order it from various restaurants probably once a week. I've found most places to be meh/okay to good, at best. Nothing has blown me away. Until Zorba's. 

I ordered the chicken souvlaki platter which came with several skewers of chicken over seasoned rice, delicious roasted veggies and the best tzatziki I've ever had. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and shockingly tender. How did you do it, Zorba's?! I also ordered a side of hummus and asked for cucumber instead of pita. The biz owner called to double check if I still wanted the bread that came with the entree. I didn't, and appreciated his attention to detail. I received lots of sliced cucs and the hummus was great. 

Zorba's is a wee bit pricier than some other Mediterranean delivery spots, so it will have to be a dinner delivery option, rather than lunch. But the food is well worth the cost. If a lunch menu ever becomes available I might just become their best customer!
Zorba's is hands down one of the best authentic Greek spots in Philly! I personally love to dine here al fresco when the weather is nice, but stepping inside being surrounded by photos of my favorite Greek islands isn't too shabby either. 

Their Fisherman's Feast is a favorite with my crew. It includes generous portions of filet of salmon, tilapia and rainbow trout. It comes complete with incredible roasted potatoes, rice and delicious stewed veggies! It's really an entire platter easily split by two hungry folk or a few for grazing. Technically this dish is only available for dinner, but they recently catered to my table during lunch, so just ask! 

Gyros are a specialty, and served traditionally like you find in Mykonos with fries inside! They are absolutely packed but only available for lunch. A fan favorite for sure! 

Don't forget the baklava! It's to die for here. Drenched in honey with perfectly crisp flaky layers. Oh em geeeeee!! Even if you're stuffed, take some to-go! 

Start with the roasted eggplant dip! It's heavenly. Heavy on the garlic, but oh so delish and served with perfect warm pita!!! (I'm a pita snob). Calamari is said to be a terrific starter as well. 

When I crave and miss Greece, which is very often, this is where I head. Everyone who has been to this Fairmount staple loves it, and everyone I take here for the first time does as well. A crowd pleaser for sure!

It's on the smaller side so larger parties may potentially be a bit of an issue, but call in advance if it's a special occasion. The family own joint is super accommodating and friendly. 

Bring those bottles of unmistakable clean, refreshing Greek white or some Ouzo because it's BYO! 

Parking takes a bit patience, but once you find a spot out front I believe it's 8 hours unmetered! Score!!
Excellent cuisine and ambiance, particularly in the adverse elements presented by COVID.

We tried to dial in a reservation for two on a Thursday night, but not unexpected, we were informed that Zorbas was operating on a first come, first serve policy.

With pleasant evening weather, we lucked out grabbing the last available table, with expanded outdoor seating that extended into street parking on Fairmount Ave. Almost a European vibe.

Our server was quick to uncork the wine (mindful to take sanitary measures) and bring our paper menus. She was attentive throughout the meal and very helpful.

My GF and I split the combination of cold appetizers (essentially different spreads for the warm pita). We loved the roasted eggplant, hummus, and tzatiki sauces. The variety and color of the plate alone was super appealing.

As far as our main entree, we once again elected to share, this time the charcoal sampler for two. Simply outstanding. I am generally one to order anything cooked over a flame/charcoal pit, and this concoction of different meats delivered. The lamp chops, pork and chicken kebabs, shaved gyro, and chicken breasts all had the right ratio of char without losing any juice. The plate was accompanied by rice, potatoes, and other veggies. Plenty of food for leftovers too.

The tab was more than reasonable, and again, compliments to our server during a difficult time for the restaurant industry.
I was married in a small town in Germany, my wifes hometown. It was a beautiful, intimate ceremony, that captured the interest of the townsfolk because one of their Teutonic daughters was marrying an American , right in their backyard.

Whereas on the east coast, a typical honeymoon usually takes place in the Bahamas or some place similar down there, in Germany, people Honeymoon on the Mediteranian. It was because of this that we found ourselves in Greece, on the tiny island of Thassos for a 2 week vacation.

It was hard to believe that 5 years prior, my idea of an exotic vacation was to go to Avalon instead of Ocean City, and now, I was sitting on a pristine sand beach along crystal clear water eating sugar donuts delivered to us from a wooden lance by beach vendors.Greece was amazing but nothing there was better than the Greek food. We spent 2 weeks gorging ourselves on some of the tastiest foods we'd ever eaten. It was so good that after a few lackluster experiences at Greek restaurants both in Germany and here in the US, we just stopped trying to recreate the honeymoon.

The honeymoon, Greece ( and the marriage) are now things if the past, that serve better as good memories however as I was killing time in Fairmount one afternoon and saw Zorbas, I thought, " Why not?"

They have outdoor seating, which I took advantage of on that warm late summer day. I wanted to keep it simple, so I just got the Gyro platter. I hadn't had a good Gyro since Greece, even at area Greek festivals so I wasn't expecting to get blown away. I have to say, it didn't match my inflated memory of the way it was in Greece, but it was the best Gyro I'd had since. The meat was tender and flavorful, the tzaziki was fresh and the veggies and pita were superb. 

I was pleased at my impromptu meal here and I look forward to going back to try some other authentic specialties. It says slot about my love of Greek food, when I have fonder memories of the meals than I do of the marriage. Food and relationships- it's all Greek to me.
Had dinner at Zorba's last week and it was like eating a good old traditional, homecooked Greek meal. 

My husband and I shared the fried calamari appetizer, and had the grilled octopus and classic roasted leg of lamb as our entrees.

The fried calamari was fantastic. Lightly fried and served with slices of lemon and tomato. The grilled octopus was served at room temp, with a salad taking up half the plate, and salad dressing under it. It was tender but definitely not as amazing as other people say. The classic roasted leg of lamb was tasty and just melts in your mouth. Both entrees came with rice, roasted potatoes and mixed veggies.
 
Prices were fair for the food portions and we were very full from those three dishes. Still we wanted to split a baklava for dessert. Personally I didn't like the baklava very much. The walnuts weren't finely chopped but that's just my preference. My husband thought it was one of the best baklavas he ever had.
After visiting the Mormon temple open house, Nando F and I came here for a late lunch. I was so glad it was relaxed and laid-back spot.
Yelpers, whether you're a veggie lover or you enjoy your meat, you'll find something delicious and more exciting than your average everyday meal. You won't be able to resist not trying the smoky flavors of the grill.

We started with tasty cold appetizers combo of all of their menu appetizers (a table spoon sized portions,) and it sure surprised our senses and excited our palates. Followed with an incredible, marinated & charcoaled chicken breasts with a loud and clear flavor. The chicken was super-flavorful and moist. It was served with rice, potatoes, and house-made tzatziki sauce.

- Service: Spot-on.
- Ambiance: Cozy.
- Cost: affordable.
- Food: Amazing.

Four and a Quarter Yelps.
Hands up & raise the roof or, for the more traditionally inclined, Hands down best Greeky Restaurant in Philly. We happily carried over our bottle of wine to this BYOB, surprised to see that the place was bumpin' for a Thursday night. All the outside tables were taken so people watching was no longer an option and I had to actually talk to my date. Good thing we had a wonderfully snarky waitress because we came in makin' jokes and she happily joined in. Of course, if you don't like snarky she can dial it back-- but I was happy to see some personality and humor.

As Aristotle once said, "You MUST get the Grilled Octopus."* If you never had octopus before, I would say this is the place to flip the coin and be adventurous. It's cooked so Holy Moses well-- not at all rubbery or hard like I've experienced. It's very very (I can't write in italics here so I'm going for the double effect) tender and it's cooked in a delicious sauce. Best best best grilled octopus ever. I know, sounds like I'm making crazy crap up, but I'm not.  

We also got the mussels which to my date's delight came de-shelled. He's lazy about his food though. He'd take lobster ravioli over peeling a lobster any day whereas I love all seafood in it's wholeness like the cute cannibal I am. The mussels came in this thick marinara sauce that was just as delicious, although a bit salty. So I just drank a little more wine because I was "thirsty" and I needed an excuse.

Main entree was the Avgolemono which is basically lamb shank + artichoke in a lemon egg sauce. I know, sounds like ?! but is actually !!. I think my punctuation needs no more explaining. 

It would be  (that's Greek for "stupid") for you to not come here. Try a non Friday or Saturday night so you can really enjoy yourselves by bypassing the wait!

*Aristotle may have been misquoted in the above review
Outstanding food and solid service. The Zeus appetizer platter plus a grill sampler for 3 was the perfect amount of food for 5 adults and included a little bit of nearly everything they serve. Desserts were tasty too, with the sorbet being a standout. 

Atmosphere was nice, where dressy would be appropriate but nice casual would be OK. The BYOB was excellent and well served. Coffee, both American and iced Greek (frappé), were strong and good. 

Overall, it was an excellent choice for my sister's graduation/birthday dinner.
This place is delicious!! My favorite Greek place is in Astoria in NY but wow this place is very good too. I am so glad to find something similar here in Philly. I am a lover of squid/octopus so we came purposely during dinner (Baby octopus is only available for dinner). 

They start you with complimentary bread with olive oil drizzled with red wine vinegar. I love the added tart taste from the vinegar. We asked for extra since it tasted so good and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. 

We got the fried calamari entree - the breading is so light, it doesn't taste greasy and I didn't have to feel guilty after eating it. Baby octopus entree is so soft, it almost tasted like charcoaled chicken. The seasoning is refreshing and not heavy. I absolutely love the sides... green beans, potatoes, rice, and side salad. 

I'll definitely coming back again for their seafood! Also this place is BYOB. We came on a Sunday evening and there were still plenty of spots available. They try to social distance the seating if you choose to stay indoors rather than outdoors. You can't make reservations unless it's a big group.
My biggest peeve when I went there the other day was that I ordered a pita sandwich which said that it had roasted eggplant and feta on it.  There was a small amount of baba ganoush and no discernible feta AND french fries - NOT on the side - in the sandwich.  What the heck????  Nothing served during lunch came out on anything larger than an 8" plate including my brother's lamb dish.  We ordered their sample of spreads which was delicious but there were only like 2 Tablespoons of each spread.  A plate of pita bread triangles came out with everything - we had so much that we took home a large take out container of them. Our bill came out to $62 even after my sandwich was taken off the bill - this was for three people at lunchtime.  My brother said they should change their name to Ex-Zorba-tant.   There are definitely better Greek restaurants in the city.
After visiting Eastern State Penn, we wanted a unique lunch, for a good price, not at your typical Fairmount pub. Zorba's was perfect! A friend actually recommended I come here. He was right! Zorbas was great- delicious, no frills, good authentic Greek cuisine. Nothing fancy, just your typically Greek platters and gyros, cooked perfectly with delicious flavor.  Some of the juiciest lamb gyro meat I've ever had!  The cold appetizer combo was delicious and perfect size, just enough to give a small sample of the hummus, grape leaves, eggplant, etc.  Service was a tad slow, or maybe not slow, more like "don't care" but it didn't matter much because it fit the atmosphere of this laid back, no-frills place. 

I really liked Zorbas because the food was classic, not overwhelming or fancy, totally delicious, and cheap prices. I will definitely come back!
Zorba's is one of those Fairmount staples. I prefer to go there when I can get an outside table, or when I visit with a particular group of friends who also share in my sentiment of fondness. Now what the heck took me so long to experience Zorba's delivery?! Shame on me. It's the same delicious food, just in my pajamas in front of my TV. 

Having experienced a day that could only be fixed by delivery, my husband handled all of the order details. I believe he placed directly with them, as we were able to pay in cash when the delivery guy arrived. The wait time was standard- I don't recall it arriving early nor do I recall being antsy about its whereabouts. 

I'm no stranger to the Imam Baldi. I think every time I have this eggplant in red sauce soufflé, I go on the record that this dish can turn me into a vegetarian. It came with the standard sides of rice, veggies and potatoes, all separated by little dividers as to not mingle. 

We were first timers to the Skordalia. Think extra, extra whipped mashed potatoes with extra, extra garlic. Move over (already fabulous hummus), you may have just been replaced in our repertoire. Okay, I kid. We'll just get both and have leftovers.

Speaking of leftovers, we totally were able to split our order into two meals. Score!  

Love that fresh bread they put on the table? Don't worry, you get that too. 

I'll still visit their actual location, but it's really good to know that I can get my Zorba's fix in the comfort of my own home.
I haven't been here in a few years, but I was pretty hungry and stopped in here for dinner last night. I got the octopus plate which was quite awesome. Rice, vegetables, potatoes mixed up with slices of octopus. It was very, very tasty. My only complaint about the meal was that there wasn't more. I finished off the meal with a desert I forget how to pronounce. It was like shredded wheat, but much more tasty. Every time I go here I leave nice and satisfied.
The best Greek food in Philadelphia! We absolutely love this place and continue to return. The service is impeccable, the decor stunning, and the food amazingly delicious. 

We have tried a bulk of the menu, but we definitely have our favorites. For appetizers, we love to get the calamari and spicy feta spread with pita. The kalamari is also always cooked to perfection. We also love the Greek villagers salad, which is a true Greek salad and doesn't have lettuce. 

For entrees, my favorite is the yemista, which is their rendition of stuffed peppers and stuffed tomatoes. We have also tried the Bronzino special, the chicken souvlaki, and the lamb special.

For dessert, we always get the baklava and Greek coffee. For the greek coffee, they have three varieties (sweet, semi-sweet, and unsweetened), its unfiltered, comes in a small cup, and very tasty! We would recommend Zorba's to anyone looking for an authentic Greek dinner!
Very convenient to Eastern State Penitentiary. Setting is quaint and the servers were very nice. All of the food was good. Good in the way going to a friend's house and his family made dinner and asked you stay kind of good. The meal stuck to your bones, filled you up, was fresh made and warm on a cold day. It made you feel nice to not be hungry, and you had a nice time eating it, sharing space, talking, being comfortable but the meal itself was not memorable. We eat a lot of Greek and Mediterranean food. There's a lot of fantastic choices where I live which may be why my meal here did not blow my mind. And that's ok. 3 stars is NOT a bad thing. It's solidly good, I'd eat it again. I'm just not gonna have dreams about it.
Zorba's is a consistently decent Greek taverna in the heart of the Art Museum/Fairmount neighborhood.  I've never been that impressed by the food but yet it remains a reasonably priced place to meet up with friends and get a bite to eat and chat.  It's not a place with buzz ... but it's a comfortable one.  Recently, I enjoyed a lunch here with a couple of friends.  The grilled octopus and hummus provided a nice shared food experience to begin the meal.  I enjoyed the soutzoukaki platter for my main course - decent and filling.  Friends reported finding the roasted lamb pita sandwich and the charcoaled chicken spring salad tasty.  Zorba's kataifi desert is especially something to recommend.  The shredded filo dough with walnuts and honey is a perfect way to end a meal.
Note:  There are a couple of tables outside in warmer weather which are well-situated to people watch from.  Zorba's is a BYOB.
Zorba's is by far the best Greek restaurant in the city. Being Greek myself I have tried them all - Dimitri's is still my fav restaurant in the city but I do not consider it truly Greek - more Mediterranean.

Zorba's on the other hand is pure old school Greek. My father was born in Greece and every time we go to Zorba's he ends up in the kitchen talking 100 miles in hour in Greek with everyone working there. The food is amazing - the decor could use some work but here it is all about the food. The spicy feta dip is unreal. If you are a meat eater you have to get the char grilled platter - it is meant for 2 but I always order it myself just so I can bring a bunch home. Even the bread they bring to the table is amazing. Being that it is BYOB the checks are always delightfully lower.
Loved Zorba's in the past, raved about it and encouraged everyone to check it out--especially the grilled octopus.  Unfortunately, there was an "incident" that has since changed my perception entirely--and my propensity to promote the place.

My boyfriend and his friend went to Zorba's for a nice big dinner.  They shared several plates, big and small--from the spicy feta to the hummus as well as the octopus and possibly a few other favorites.  Both of them got very sick with food poisoning later that evening.

When they called Zorba's to politely inform them of what happened, the manager couldn't care less and asked if they had been drinking too heavily, or "perhaps weren't used to the types of spices they used"...  

It's really ashame that this is the way this situation was handled..  
I always thought the kitchen back there looked a little gritty and this incident turned us off completely...

Bummer, Zorba's.
This will be my new regular.  A friend of mine introduced me to this place a few days ago and I got a lamb roll to go. From the first bite I could tell that this place knew how to cook lamb for once.  The lamb was cooked until it nearly fell apart , you could tell that it was young because it didn't have that smell of a stinky grown sheep.  You know exactly what I'm talking about.  Came back again for some more take out a few days later and then the next day and they remembered who I was.  I like when you go to a restaurant and it has the feeling that you welcome and respected.  I ordered the lamb shank with vegetables.  Perfect.  The lamb was fresh and tender, coming right off the bone like lamb should be. The the vegetables,beans, potatoes and rice all had a distinct flavor. The rice you could tell was not of cheap quality because it didn't turn into mush when you ate it.  We never ran out of water to drink and bread to dip in the sauce.  

Bottom Line-  The owners care about the food, fast service, food is all home made except the fries good for lunch because its cheaper.

P.S if you come to a family owned restaurant right before they close and complain about them not serving you. Give them a damn break, they work all day preparing fresh food and some people like to go home and relax. So stop being a baby and tell them to have a good night and leave.
My group and I stumbled upon this place when we were desperately trying to find a place to eat before crossing over to the Eastern Penitentiary for our haunted journey through the abandoned prison. Everything else nearby was either closed or too crowded, or was no longer serving food.

If you ask me what types of cuisines I like, I probably would not mention Greek, which was why I was not too excited to come here for dinner. But we were all starving and out in the cold and just needed a place that can feed us as we waited. 

I know very little of Greek cuisine and I know for sure that they are famous for their gyros. I thought I'd just pick that but that night, we were told that they were not serving gyros. I was worried that I would not have any other interesting options to choose from. With the hunger and very little energy I had left, I just trusted my sister to pick the dish and my friend to pick the appetizers. We were all gonna share anyway. 

To start, we had the combination of hot appetizers that included fried calamari, mussels in red wine, and grilled octopus. Very good choice! No crumbs were left behind. The grilled octopus was tender and marinated humbly in some oil... 

For our main courses, we had the meatballs with rice, roasted potatoes, and grilled veggies. Originally, my friend wanted something from the vegetarian menu but our waiter told us almost everything vegetarian was out that night. Must be that good eh. So he recommended the meatballs. My sister and I ordered the Grilled Skewered Chicken Breast served with rice, roasted potatoes and mixed veggies or french fries and mixed veggies. 

The meatballs were nice and soft, but I was not too crazy with the sauce that it came with. I LOVE their grilled chicken breast skewers. So tender and juicy! The french fries were unlike others that I have ever tried before. They were flat like chips and well-seasoned. It helped that we were all starving. We devoured and savored every bite and did not leave anything behind. I'm a sauce girl but I did not even need sauce on my chicken! That says a lot!

Where the waiter promised a delicious meal, Zorba's delivered it. If I am around the area again, I would not hesitate to come back. =)
Zorba's is always my choice for comfort food. No, I'm not Greek but there's something utterly cozy about eating in the little back room, especially on a muggy summer afternoon, that satisfies me like few other places in Philly can. It's an intangible feeling of being transported out of the ordinary. No, I have never been to Greece, so it's not that 'hey presto!' it suddenly feels like dining on the Aegean coast. If pressed, I'd have to say eating in that little dining room is, for me, rather like how it must have felt when the Pevensie kids in C.S. Lewis' Narnia classic stepped out of the back of that wardrobe. Plain and simple-having a feeling of being Elsewhere. I'll add that I have eaten outside here more than half a dozen times, but it's just not the same. I see, feel and know that I am on a major street in Philadelphia. The food tastes just as good, the service is the same as indoors but for me, there's just no magic. 

And as to the food...I never go here alone because when in the company of one or more friends, ample opportunity to try more food abounds. We always order at least one cold appetizer plate and depending on how many of us are dining, it's not unusual to order a second one along with additional pita bread. The pita is always tender and warm. It's the ultimate scooper for the delicious and well seasoned dips which we mix and match, always claiming our most recent mashup combo is the ultimate best. Hummus is something I tend to shun (yes, even Zahav's version) but for some reason, I scarf the stuff at Zorba's like a mad stoner. The horitaki is also a staple and as much as I disdain feta cheese, it is salty refreshment in this Greek salad. The Imam Baldi is a pleasing, solid version of the classic eggplant dish and there is something touchingly and ridiculously homey about those potatoes served with it. 

If we're still feeling capable of eating without slipping into a food coma under the white table cloth, the charcoaled sampler for 2, which consists of pork kabob, chicken kabob, marinated chicken breast, two rack lamb chops, homemade sausage and gyro joins our groaning table and has something to please all the omnivores. Is this 'authentic' Greek cuisine like Yia Yia makes? Can't say, never been to Greece and don't particularly care. There has never been a time in 7 years that I've had a less than stellar meal here and that IS saying something. 

Zorba's is byob and a bottle of retsina, a bottle of raki and one of ouzo will complement everything on the menu. Sure, beer will, too-but I really find it too filling with all the carbonation. Save room for the food!

Service is always prompt but rather impersonal. That's okay with me. Sometimes I just want to eat and don't feel a need to bond with the server. That is not to say I have ever been treated discourteously here. Not at all. The folks working here do their jobs and they do them efficiently and well. 

Never tried the baklava though fellow eaters swoon over it with their after dinner Greek coffee.  I can heartily vouch for the rice pudding. Sometimes (okay-usually) I have to order it to go. That way I can savor it as a late night treat or a day after decadent breakfast with a pot of flowery jasmine or oolong tea.

Zorba's Taverna offers affordable, well made, plentiful, delicious food and convival surroundings in the magic little dining room. It's one of my top five favorite places in the city to dine or celebrate with friends.
Happy to have this around the corner. Quaint, cozy, and attentive is how I would describe this place. They have about 6 tables outside on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant which gives a romantic European feel to your dining experience. Outside is first come first serve no reservations. They also have an inside area but I'm not sure of decor or tables since it was a beautiful night and we dinned outside.

It's BYOB so bring as many bottles as you'd like. They give you fresh bread and olive oil for dipping. We ordered the grilled octopus which was soooo good and unlike anything I've had before. The consistency of this octopus was very meaty and in a balsamic and oil mixture. We also got the chargrilled platter for two. Which gives you a mixture of chicken & pork kabobs, grilled chicken breast, pork sausage, lamb chops, and gyro meat on a bed of lettuce, potatoes, and roasted vegetables. Everything was delicious and tasty except the lamb chops they were blah.

I would definitely recommend this place. Between the food, ambiance, and service it makes for a beautiful and relaxing night out.
Zorba's is a great neighborhood restaurant and we love it. For dinner, we usually go with family who are willing to foot the bill, not because the prices are unreasonable, but when you go to Zorba's for dinner, it pays to get a giant meal because the food is great. I usually go with the seafood pasta dish (I believe this is pictured) and my boyfriend is a fan of the gyro platter. The desserts are delicious (I like the honey cake) and the Greek coffee after dinner is thick and delicious when lightly sweetened. We have never had anything disagreeable here. The service could be faster, but it's always the same people there - I trust that they know what they're doing. I just assume that this is how it is done in Greek.

I was inspired to review Zorba's after we dropped in for lunch on Saturday afternoon. They have vegetarian sandwich options - I ordered the hummus & feta cheese sandwich. Much to my delight, there were FRENCH FRIES IN MY SANDWICH. My boyfriend pointed this out just as I took a bite and experienced the glory of french fries in my hummus pita. All up in it. Nummy nummy.

I love you, Zorba's.
I was pleasantly surprised by this little hole in the wall. Everything was very authentic, well seasoned and flavorful. You cannot beat the price point either. The lunch portions can run a little on the smaller side but overall this is still some of the best Greek food I have had on the East Coast.
I've been to Zorba's twice now and had good food both times. The exterior does suggest a cheesy college town version of a Greek restaurant. However the food is anything but mediocre.  On my last trip I had a soutsoukis pita sandwich and a greek salad. The Greek salad had an abundance of vegetables, a flavorful dressing, and delicious olives(watch out for the pits!). The soutsoukis pita sandwich was good, if a bit messy. The waiter was very attentive and filled my water numerous times. My only complaint was that it took a little long to get my sandwich, considering that there were not that many people in the restaurant.
I love Zorba's food and excellent service.  Zorba's is a great authentic Greek BYOB with an unbelievably pleasant staff.  One of my favorite things is everyone greeting you when you enter and exit.  The kitchen and waiting staff (all family I have gathered) all say hello, goodbye, and thank you.  The food is always consistent and superior.  4 out of 5 because the interior needs a little updating.
Awesome. Shout out to the gyro, pita, and tzatziki sauce. Chicken was also extremely tender and succulent. All the portions were really great, and I didn't feel overstuffed after the meal. The quality and price was solid. I just wish I had more stomach space to eat more of their delicious food. Outdoor seating available.
Not impressed.  (Let me first say that I love Greek food and sometimes cook Greek food at home.  No, I'm not Greek, but I feel like I know a thing or two about the cuisine.  Opa!)

Went here on a Saturday night and was surprised that it wasn't crowded.  Was it a sign of the economy or the quality of the restaurant?  The saganaki had the look and texture of fried mozzarella sticks.  (When, I believe it should be more grilled than deep fried.)  The cut-up vegetables on the plate (onions, tomatoes, cucumbers) seemed a little dried out.  I ordered the gyro from the dinner menu and was confused to see a pile of meat with french fries --- that's it.  Oh, sorry, a little tub of tzaziki.  I asked about a pita.  Was informed it was 75 cents extra.  Um, isn't a gyro a pita sandwich?  Oh, and for $15, I expected something more than meat and potatoes on a plate. The meat and the french fries seemed overly greasy, as I had quite bad indigestion later that night.  My dinner companion had a vegetarian dish that was "OK" but this person also made the comment that it, too, seemed greasy.  

The servers were all pleasant and quick with water refills.  The decor is cute and we joked with the waitress that we had a view of the Aegean from our table, based on how the wall was painted.  I really hate to give them a bad review, as I really wanted to like this place.  I've had gyros a million times better from little hole in the wall places for a fraction of the cost.  I don't understand the high premium on pitas.  I understand wheat prices have gone up, but that's kind of a staple of the cuisine.  

I could possibly be persuaded to go again, to be proven wrong, but for now my gastrointestinal system needs to cleanse.
After months of discussion, my boyfriend and I decided finally to go to Zorba's tonight. I must say, I'm very happy that I went. The service was excellent. Within minutes after we sat down, we had our bottle of wine opened (yes! It's a BYOB!); fresh, moist bread delivered to our table, complete with extra virgin olive oil-and-herb dip; and our order taken by a friendly waitress. (The bread was delicious.) Within two minutes after she took our order, we had our salad. The dressing was a light vinaigrette--my favorite--and there were lots of fresh vegetables. The lettuce was the watery kind, but that was my only gripe. 

For the entree, my boyfriend ordered grilled skewered chicken and I ordered grilled marinated chicken. They were both absolutely perfect... perfectly seasoned, moist, and just really flavorful. The sides included potatoes (yummy), rice (a little soggy, but pretty good), and mixed vegetables (pretty gross, which is partly why I docked them a star). They were quick with refilling water, but were a little slow in giving us the check. However, the waiter was apologetic and cute, so I can forgive them for that. :) I would definitely go here again, especially since it's a BYOB and there is a lack of good, fairly healthy restaurants in the area.
We came here to celebrate a b-day.  It's a small quaint place, so would recommend making reservations.  The staff was great about holding on to our cake and bringing it out after dinner for the b-day surprise.  We started with the cold dip sampler (hummus, tzatziki, melitzana and dolmades)... all pretty yummy and served with pita.  What I don't like is that they charge you for extra pita!  Come on, what's up with that Zorba!

The greek pasta with seafood is actually quite delicious and the best thing we had.  Not so great were the braised lamb shank and chicken souvlaki on a stick... both overcooked and dry.  Is dry overdone meat a Greek thing?  I've been noticing this with grilled meat at Greek restaurants.  Don't get me wrong, I love Greek food when cooked well.  My favorite Greek place is Kuzina by Sofia in Cherry Hill, NJ.
A Sunday night in mid December with short sleeved diners occupying outside tables at Zorbas? Dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria? It was an unbelievably beautiful evening!

We chose to eat inside and the space had two small dining rooms. The decor is very simple and rustic Greek but with white linen table cloths. We did not have to wait for a table but Zorba's was doing a good business on this Sunday night, especially with the 4 or 5 tables outside.

First the bread Zorba's served  was fantastic. It was super soft with a crunchy crust. The Olive Oil dipping sauce also made the bread even better. We had to seriously restrain ourselves from filling up on the bread. We went with the grilled octopus appetizer. I think this was best grilled octopus I have ever tried. It was tender with a nice grilled flavor and the sauce was also excellent. For the main course I had the Chicken Souvlaki. I really like this dish, the chicken was grilled and moist. It came with a nice Tzatzikii sauce, rice potatoes and vegetables. The portion size was good also. We also had the classic roasted leg of lamb which also had that wonderful grilled flavor and came with some nice sides. My daughter had the over roasted lamb meatballs. This would be good dish on a colder night, a usual mid December night.

For dessert we had coffee and something sweet that was unpronounceable by us. It was a custard with Filo dough and honey. It was also quite good.

Our bill was about $25.00 per person before tip, We probably could have ordered 2 main courses and shared that between the three of us. We might do that next time, we might not.

Zorba's is a BYOB restaurant which I like. Parking is pretty tough in this area but I did find a space on Green Street a couple of blocks away. There is a pay lot directly across the street however. Our server was very good and pleasant and the food came out surprisingly quickly.

We really liked Zorbas and we will go back.
Excellent service and excellent food. If you want an authentic Greek spot this is it. Right across from the Eastern state penitentiary and it's a small restaurant with limited indoor and outdoor dining. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Staff was exceptionally prompt and polite. Definitely will return!
Better make a reservation before you go here - this place is packed! Or at least was on a Saturday night. We must've waited for about 30 mins before the table was ready but the food was totally worth the wait. Our server was really nice and soon after we got to the table, she opend our wine bottle (it is byob) for us. They also serve fresh bread with olive oil which is so yummy! 

Food - We ordered the saganaki (highly recommended), the charcoal meat sampler for two which has beef, lamb, fish, chicken, sausage - it is really enough for two people and unfortunately we couldn't finish ours. Everything was really delicious on that platter but my favorite was the sausage and the beef. Portion sizes are big but you'll definitely want to come back so don't worry about missing out if you can't order everything on the menu (which you'll want to)! 

Dessert - We got baklava and greek coffee for dessert and although the baklava was a little sweet for me, I enjoyed some of it with the side of whipped cream. They give you options for the sweetness level of the coffee - I chose sweetened and it was delicious. 

They were out of of the dessert that I wanted to try but will definitely return sometime soon to try that as well as other things on the menu.
This quaint little Greek restaurant is super cute. It's pretty small so expect just a few tables, put closely together. It is BYOB which is great, they will bring you wine glasses and a wine chiller for your wine. The servers were nice and definitely did not rush. 

Food.. food was okay. First, the most amazing part was the fresh, warm bread. Nothing beats fresh warmed bread. We had the octopus which was actually really good as it was charbroiled and came on a bed of salad. The char-boiled lamb chops were just okay. They were a bit on the smaller size & weren't the best with flavor and the dill & yogurt sauce wasn't the best either. Each of the dishes we had came with some vegetables, rice and potatoes which provided some good sides. 

Overall, a cute little restaurant in an area where you can do quite a bit of stuff.
We were strolling down Fairmount Ave when right on cue, hunger beckoned. As we looked at the restaurant filled street, Zorba's inevitably called to us with its Greek music filling their share of the Fairmount street, making us feel like we were walking in to the set of "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" waiting for Gus to bust out the doors with arms high in the air to welcome us. 

It's surprisingly larger inside than the unsuspecting front led on. The inside was actually really cute in a very inconspicuous way. For appetizer, we got the octopus. That was amazing. Definitely going into my top 5 octopuses. Octopus can be so hit or miss, and more so than the sauce or anything, they just cooked it very carefully - the meat was just right and not chewy. The sauce was bitter, and I can see that being a turn off for some people but the octopus meat itself was amazingly cooked to perfection and I don't mind the bitterness whatsoever; it made for an amazing contrast. For entree we got the mixed platter for two - that was properly filling and delicious. I think my favorite was the sausage! Their rice is fine but their meats are . For dessert we got the baklava which was fine but nothing particularly outstanding but a great way to top off the dinner nonetheless. 

It's a great BYO option and incredibly delicious.
The entrance makes you feel like you just came to a take out place, but the further you walk to the back the more you feel like in a tavern in Greece. I believe the place is family owned and run. Last time we went with a greek friend who just moved to Philadelphia from Athens recently and he thought it was better than the average restaurant back home in Greece. So much about authenticity! Its location makes it a great place for the locals living behind the art museum and you always have the feeling there are many regulars, people know each other. Simple, straight forward, great food, you are not rushed and it is definitely good for a group of people. Sharing is easy and delicious. 4 stars only, so that no one expects the hype. If you are looking for a low key place with great, authentic greek food in a family atmosphere, add the fifth and go - but don't block my table! BYOB.
Ahhhh Zorba's.  I've been longing to try Zorba's deliciousness for a long, long time since I run past literally 6 days a week.   A friend and fellow yelper gave it a glowing review and with family in town for the weekend I knew it was going to be a top choice when deciding on a place to eat.

Let me first start with the food:  amazeballs.  We started with the hot appetizer of squid, calamari and octopus.  The calamari was perfectly breaded and fried to perfection.  The octopus and squid were also amazing, with one in a red sauce and the other in a oil and herb sauce.  The chicken kebab was perfectly seasoned and full of flavor.  The stuffed eggplant dish was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and since the man-friend practically licked his gyro plate clean I can only imagine it was awesome.

Now, let us discuss the service.  The hunky young waiter was pretty attentive, but in his failed attempts at flirting with my man-friend's mom (yep, you read that correctly) he came off as kind of a dbag.  Let's blame it on the language barrier... Also, they made a big stink over the little nephew's stroller blocking the sidewalk so we had to awkwardly shift our chairs... not sure why they couldn't position our tables differently but that is neither here nor there.  Lastly, the man friend asked for more of the delicious tzatziki they serve with the Gyro, since he ate it all [read: I ate it all].... and after about 15 minutes of waiting, we had to ask again.  When we got the check we realized they charged us $0.50 for the extra sauce.  SAY WHAT?!

I know its only $0.50 but when you only get a tiny portion to start out with.... that's just silly.
Not much to write up about this place. During the summer months, you see their entrance lined with tables and people eating outside. The aesthetic hits everything you would want from a restaurant, but the food is less than desirable. Just was not impressed.

They do have an authentic menu, everything is fairly priced, and the portions were good. Just didn't hit home for me.
Excellent service, delicious food, what more could you want?! Everyone was so friendly from the host, to the cooks, to the waitress. We ordered the zeus dish, which I highly recommend. It's a combo or hot and cold appetizers. We loved everything. We also got a chicken souvlaki which was just perfection. I could eat their roasted potatoes forever, it was that good. My only complaint was that there weren't more potatoes on the plate!
Philly might be known for cheesesteaks but don't let that stop you from exploring some of the great greek food options here, especially Zorba's. If you're new to Philly then that's even better because Zorba's is literally right around the corner from the Eastern State Penitentiary, another great stop.

My boyfriend and I both got a gyro sandwich and grilled octopus as our starter. Once you have taste of their octopus, you'll find yourself craving grilled octopus for days (or maybe I was a bit too obsessed with it). Loved that the gyro sandwich was overloaded with lettuce like some places where you find yourself needing a bib to eat it. Everything was cooked to perfection and was exactly what we were looking for if not more. It's a bit small inside but that gives it a more authentic feel (: Definitely recommend!
My husband and I ate dinner her before going on a tour. It isn't a huge place but it is definitely a local spot that was pretty busy. Without a reservation we were still able to be sat right away. I ordered a chicken gyro platter which came with veggies and rice. I enjoyed my meal. The service was excellent. A couple police officers even stopped in to grab dinner. You know if the police are eating there the place is great! I would highly recommend giving them a try!
I've been meaning to write this review for months now, as it is extremely well deserved.

Not only is this my favorite Greek restaurant in the city, but it is one of my top choices/recommendations in general. Aside from the wonderful in-house dining experience I will be elaborating on below, they offer FREE DELIVERY. 

Best thing on the appetizer list is the cold appetizer sampler. It is so mind-blowingly yummy you will have no regrest. My favorite is the garlic one :). For main courses, even though I am not a vegetarian, I opt for the umam baldi because it is SO DANG GOOD. The eggplant literally melts in your mouth and I always say I'm going to only eat half because the portions are so huge but I end up finishing the whole thing. The potatoes and veggies are also indescribably delicious. And all the meat dishes are fabulous as well. 

When the weather is nice they offer outdoor seating which is great on Fairmount ave with a nice view of Eastern State. The best part is this is family owned and you really get the vibe/feeling. They treat you like family and are friendly, fun, and attentive. And best of all, it is very reasonably priced, especially compared to many of the subpar pricey restaurants along this street. 

This review may or may not be followed by a phone call placing a delivery order...need I say more?
Looking for a cozy little spot to chill for an evening with a date, friends, or family? Zorba's has the ambiance for all three. The friendly service, dim lighting, and wooden, Euro-vintage décor make you feel like you're dining in someone's home in Greece. You could almost imagine the smelts in your appetizer being caught just that day and being freshly fried, just to be delivered to your table... though I doubt that's truly the case.

I loved the Zeus Plate, a sampler of hot and cold appetizers. The octopus and mussels were our favorite here, tasting of quality ingredients and optimally textured (i.e., not rubbery). Despite it being a crowded house, food came out pretty quickly, though it was difficult to get our server's attention at some points. Such delicious food. We also got the Charcoaled Sampler, which was another great way to sample tons of delicious Greekified meat. The pork and the marinated chicken were succulent and flavorful.

Gotta love the BYOB aspect, Greek food and wine are just meant for each other. And, if street parking gets difficult, there's a lot right across the street.
Perfect place to fill your tummy after a long tour at the penitentiary!  If you're longing for that Greek comfort food, this is the place. 

The day we visited the penitentiary was freezing cold and we were starving.  So we decided to go with the $33 grilled meat sampler for two.  Oh, and the octopus appetizer for $8.  They serve you a gimongous piece of warm fresh bread upon seating with olive oil.  It was so inviting.  We finished that octopus in 1 minute!!  The tender pieces of juicy charred octo swimming in the olive oil and vinegar...man, I could've eaten 4 more of these all by myself.  The grilled meat platter was HUUUUGE!  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  We devoured them all.  And finished it off with Greek coffee and kantaifi.  Mmmm, it tasted so perfectly sweet with the nuttiness of the walnuts.  The tiny side of whipped cream I believe was home made.  And that combo just made my day.  

Please go check it out, it's worth a trip!
It's heaven smothered in tzatziki. Maybe Im naive, maybe I'm just not cultured enough - but as far as I'm concerned this is crazy good greek food. Like make out with the pita bread kind of good. 

We had a cold appetizer sampler and then I had eggplant stuffed with feta and tomatoes. Both were out of control delicious. Those two items plus my friends entree totaled to about $30. And it was BYOB. 

Crazy good food and relatively affordable? sold. done and done.
Great Greek food! It has truely authentic taste. We had their greek salad, pork souvlaki and their chicken. 

As you wait for your food they give fresh bread with fresh olive oil. In the oil, the added some nice herbs and spices, it was delicious. 

Also, they used fresh oil and basalmic vingerette in the salad. A very simple taste, true to Greek cuisine.

They also have exterior seating along the sidewalk.

Most importantly, they have BYOB, which is pretty great.
The appetizer sampler is a must!-- although go in open minded; the flavors are really interesting.  The atmosphere is so lovely. The outdoor seating while the sun is setting in the summer is blissful. Servers are efficient and kind
Hours after becoming an official Fairmount resident, I walked into Zorba's with a party of three. Two of us had been to Greece before, and the pictures on the wall brought us back!

Zorba's is pretty small, but it's bright and has character. The food is fairly priced and delicious, though it took a little long to come out. It was okay, however, as we wanted time to decompress after unpacking boxes all day!

I chose the honey mustard chicken sandwich, which came on a pita with the circular fries on the inside. The others chose the seafood salad and the charcoal chicken and both really enjoyed their dishes as well. We shared the baklava dessert and that was also on point.

The meal was a nice change of pace, and I'm so glad to have this place down the street now! I'll most definitely be back soon.
Went to Zorba's over the weekend when my boyfriend and I were just walking around the Fairmount area. I think he was tempted by the frappes that some people were drinking just outside the restaurant. Not much to look at from the outside, but the interior is cozy. We were seated promptly and after enough time to peruse the menu, we gave our order to our waitress. She came back after a few minutes with a basket of bread and some olive oil, and our frappes - these are so much better than regular iced coffee drinks! I'll have to ask next time if they serve traditional Greek coffee (made with a briki and served in demitasse cups). Since we were there at the start of dinner service, our food arrived before I even finished a slice of bread.

I had the spanakopita (one of the specials) - it was absolutely perfect! I didn't care that I burnt my tongue with the first couple of bites because it tasted so good! The phyllo dough was golden and flaky, just as it should be, making a mess on my plate each time I cut off a bite, and the spinach and feta filling was creamy and delicious - more often than not, I've had spanakopita that tasted really bitter because canned spinach was used. It tasted like fresh spinach and phyllo to me! My boyfriend had the grilled octopus with a side of Greek potatoes and vegetables - the octopus was tender and seasoned well, and the potatoes/vegetables (looked like green beans and tomato) reminded him of the potatoes that his mother used to make. We were too full to try any of the desserts, but I hope to try them another time. 

Definitely a hidden gem in the Fairmount area, I'd definitely recommend Zorba's to anyone looking for tasty Greek food.
This place is great!  On NYE they were able to take a reservation for 18 people last minute!  The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating and even were okay with 4 people in our party getting their own separate tab.

The grilled octopus was amazing.  It was super tender and not rubbery or chewy like most places.  The stuffed eggplant with feta and a red sauce was also delicious and super cheap at only 10 bucks!  The service was also really fast.  I will definitely be back here!
Was a huge fan! But I should have know something was a miss when we sat down. First off let me say that I really like there food! I was so excited to show my friends a great Greek restaurant in Philadelphia ( as I managed one in NJ ) I had to use the rest room there was no toilet paper. Hey it happens!!  There was paper towels instead. I told the waiter. Then when we asked for more bread and oil the server said NO I don't want you to fill up on bread! I have never been told NO by a server when asking for more bread 30 years in the business as a chef and manager I was appalled and embarrassed.  Next he forgot my friends diet coke no big deal.  I had to ask for pita 7 times which they do charge you for. No problem I don't mind paying but when I tell you to bring out lots of pita we are pita people bring it out! Our one guest is limited to certain foods so she orders salad and never comes.  Waiter ( order taker) looks at us like we are lying and says we never order it. We get more dips xtra octopus
I have to tell you I have been cooking and managing for years the food here is good Greek food.  I started to feel sick I ate dips,  octopus and artichokes as my meal. I went to the ladies room and got sick. Again no toilet paper.  Again on my way out I  paid cash and generous tip ( which should be lower due to the smirking order takers)
I said to him I told someone about the no toilet paper he said there is paper towels cause we ran out! Are you serious?   Go to the store and get some!  2nd reason I won't be back.
We then leave. One more person gets sick eating the dips after ordering a second fish roe dip. The 3rd gets sick 2 hours after him. The 4th got sick an hour after. The only one that didn't get sick was the person who didn't eat any dips. I called and who ever answered the phone seems not to believe us. It happens in every restaurant I understand you get defensive it's natural. 
I really love there food!  But I won't be back and it's not so much we got sick all 4 of us.
It's because of the wait staff.
Being told NO for bread was wrong. I'm paying for that bread it isn't free it's worked into the bill. Plus you don't tell a guest NO.
The no toilet paper really bothered me when the server said they were out. Go buy some. Health Hazzard plus really you are asking ladies to use paper towels.
Forgetting our coke was okay it happens.  But forgetting someone's dish for there meal is something else. ( there is another review about this) I'm saddened by the turn of events that happen last night. I won't be paying cash anymore either I learned my lesson.  If I paid by card I would have canceled it due to us 4 getting sick.  So they are lucky I paid cash. The bill was low 105 $ but it was all apps.
I gave 26$ tip. ( always tip cash for servers because they sometimes have to wait a week to get there tips) 
Again love the food just won't be back. They need to tighten up on line checks and temps and rotation of products so people don't get sick. I wouldn't question if it was just me but 4 of us??
Great, super authentic, large portioned Greek food.   Not sure they could fit one more picture on the walls, but definitely "sets the mood" for a Greek feast.  BYOB.  Better Greek than Figs a couple blocks away.  Plates are EXACTLY what you would get if ordered in Greece.
Never had a bad meal here! The staff (I'm guessing it's a family business, because I see the same people every time) is always friendly, courteous, and prompt. 

I thought I'd update my review since the last time I reviewed Zorba's was nearly two years ago. The other night, we started off with the spicy feta dip and the calamari. The calamari is here is easily one of the best (if not THE best) I've ever had. Unlike most places, it's not 80% breading. I can actually taste the calamari, which is done perfectly. It's not chewy, rubbery, or the like.

Once again, I got my go-to dish, the soutzoukakia. I swear they put crack in these meatballs. I have yet to find these at any other Greek place, but I doubt any other place would do it justice!
I was dining with my friend who is from Greece and claims that this is his favorite place in the city for Greek food. I had the stuffed pepper and tomato because I was in a veggie kind of mood. It was good. Deep flavors and satisfying. Most of the table got the lamb chops because they had all been here before and knew exactly what they wanted. I sampled one from my friend's dish. They were delicious. We had a variety of appetizers... all good. The baked feta especially. Service was great as well as the atmosphere. Zorba's is the real deal.
Let me first off state, this review is coming from an actual greek born in greece. Not that makes me an expert in the culinary arts or anything, but just coming for a person that hails from New York on vacation with his fiancee and knows a thing or two about what my homelands food should taste like a little bit. 

Zorbas is what you would expect, A hole in the wall family, touristy, local restaurant with your average Greek, American menu. My soon to be wife and i are visiting from New York for the weekend and decided to go for a last minute meal to a nearby restaurant. Zorbas was the end result.

Best thing to get it out if the way is the flame show they give you for ordering Saganaki. A traditional greek cheese in which melts on the plate and becomes a rubber band in your mouth.

I ordered the charcoal sampler plate, which gives you basically one of each meat. The pork souvlaki had the image of being abandoned in the sun for a day, the gyro strip meat was as thin as printer paper, the chicken was bland, and the baby lamp chop never entered adulthood. 

They give you a side of mushed up vegetables, cold rice, that would kill a pigeon instantaneously, and a lemon potato that tastes nothing like lemon.
My other half ordered shrimp that was not half bad, but still doesn't make up for the total disaster.

To sum it all up, i believe that 90 percent of this food was re heated, extremely bland and definitely not made to order. You will not get anything close to an authentic taste. The brightest part of this situation is the BYOB option. 

So if i was in your shoes bring 3 bottles, enjoy some Saganaki and cut your bill as much as you can save the $60 that i paid yesterday for a frozen "Greek dinner"
How have I been in Philadelphia this long and not tried Zorba's?  Absolutely delicious and super flavorful Greek food! I got the vegetarian dish Imam Baldi (stuffed eggplant) and it was bursting with delicious eggplant, feta, and sautéed onions in a tomato sauce. I'm not vegetarian at all and this was such a satisfying dish. Even the sides were amazing. I am looking forward to trying more dishes soon!
Went for a birthday celebration. Been here many times. I'm happy to say that the service and food are always good.
Not a huge fan of Greek food but Zorba's had very good lamb. Had gyros and enjoyed them. Small, rectangular interior decorated, of course,  in a Mediterranean theme. Tried the honey-cake for dessert but way too sweet.
Empty. That is my plate right now. Our army of hungerers marched in here and destroyed the soutzoukaki sandwiches and platters. What a great combo of lamb and seasoning. Completely pleased with the appearance and flavor of the food. The app highlight were the grape leaves as they were perfectly stuffed and smooth. The hummus was quite delightful with the nicely toasted pita. What a great experience overall and I can't wait to come back for dinner.
Zorba's FRIGGIN RULES.  As a Fairmount resident, I always passed by this place with great skepticism given its understated facade and its cheesy "college pizzeria" type of menus that I would get in the mail from them, yet I heard such rave reviews that I finally had to see for myself.  I went on a blustery night with my mom and a bottle of wine and we were treated cordially and brought back to the surprisingly charming, though windowless dining room in the back.  Everything we ordered was SPOT ON and delicious and the service was great.  I would recommend the grilled octopus and the charred whole fish, as well as the saganaki.  Can't wait to go back!!!
Everyone raves about Zorba's, so I had to see for myself.  Before I start, I wanna preface this by saying my college roommate is as Greek as it gets, therefore I have tasted some pretty bomb-ass and authentic Greek food.  I will say this did come close, but I was expecting more.  

We started with the cheese they light on fire, lol.  I don't remember the name, it was okay but nothing to rave about.  I was also shocked they didn't have spanakopita on the menu? Or did I miss it?  Anyway...I got the gyro platter for dinner and again, it was just okay.  I definitely didn't hate it, but I wasn't super impressed.  The portions were generous and the price is reasonable.  The baklava was way too sweet.  I get that it is a sweet dessert, but this was overwhelming.

We sat outside to enjoy the BYOB and nice weather, but the service was terrible.  Our waitress basically forgot about us.  If the service was a little better this would be a 4-star review but it wasn't. 

Alas, I may be back? Still undecided.
ahhfreakinmazing!!!!    The food is so good here I cant get over it.  I had the artichoke platter which was covered with feta cheese and some
other stuff and I am still thinking about it almost a week later.  I also tried the stuffed eggplant which is prepared almost like a twice baked potato and was amazing.  The service was decent and it was quiet in there because it was a tuesday night but I loved this place and cant wait to shove my face full of food there again soon.
My 2nd time at Zorbas and it is still as good as the last. It doesn't really get any more Greek than this. (If you ask for ketchup, they'll say we have marinara instead lol).

This is a small spot tucked away on Fairmont that is easy to miss, but a gem if you happen to stumble upon it.

Despite not making reservations, we were seated quickly, given proper time to search the menu, water refilled consistently and the food was up to par in timeframe and taste.

They give you the obvious bread and olive oil to nibble on. The bread wasnt as warm as I would have liked it and the olive oil had a bit too much vinaigrette for my liking but that would have been my one and only small complaint on this particular day. 

The greek salad we ordered was delicious, a small was enough to pre game us for the main entree. Our main entree delivered as well. The charcoal grilled meat platter. The meats were cooked to perfection, not too burnt, dry or lacking in flavor.
We ordered the french fries side to this and they were different but a nice touch too. 

Overall, Zorba's is a great introduction or continuing presence to Greek food. The service and food go hand in hand and are great tbh.
I came here for dinner tonight and I had to write another review to give FIVE stars.  My friend and I shared the combo appetizer and I got the octopus entree again. Can't say enough how good the food was!!!  Service was great too.
So far this is the most disappointing Greek restaurant/taverna I've been to. I was really really excited to come here because I heard great things and I can't pass up Greek food. But I could have done without. 

I was going to give it 3 stars because I had really good company and because the food was good, but after I finished my review I realized that it should get a 2.5 at best. 

I got the souvlaki and it was very filling. The plate was a good portion and I have no complaints. I've had better souvlaki of course. And $15 for a gyro is OUTRAGEOUS. In Greece you can get those for 3 EUROS. Gold must have been mixed in with the meat, because that price is outrageous.  

That being said, the service was terrible. There weren't many people in the taverna, so there should have been no reason for our service to be so bad. Our group of 7 had a table in the back room by ourselves, and maybe that was a cause for the bad service. It took a really long time to pretty much get everything but our appetizers. My friends asked for takeout containers and it took at least 20 minutes to come. The check came after at least 40 minutes of us having been done our food. 

I really feel like if it hadn't been a byob, and we hadn't been mellow because of our wine, we would have been really pissed. 

I will also say that the male staff was very friendly, while the woman who was working was very standoffish and didn't even respond to our thank yous. I guess I'll remember to be less thankful if I ever (and why would I- I can get way better Greek food in Center City) come back here.
A must-visit in Fairmount, Zorba's Taverna delivers with some of the best and certainly most authentic Greek food in Philadelphia.

I've been hearing about Zorba's Taverna from my Fairmount friends for a long time, so the fiancee and I finally made the trek. The first words that jumped into my head right from the start was "authentic" - from the family-owned atmosphere, to the cozy space to the large mural of Santorini on the wall. I felt like I was back in Greece at a small taverna, only this time with much better service, BYOB, and full compliance with health code regulations. 

I love combo dishes, due to my indecisiveness, so we ordered the two-person Zeus Dish ($22.50 - ​a combo of hot and cold appetizers such as tzatziki, skordalia, hummus, kopanistitarama, melitzana, dolmades, kalamari, octopus, and mussels) the Chicken Souvlaki ($16.50) and the Classic Roasted Lamb Leg ($17.00). I highly recommend, especially if you're with a few people, to try that Zeus Dish as you get a little bit of everything, even if you don't know what half that stuff is. Notable on that plate was the creamy tzatziki and hummus, the dolmades or grape leaves, the perfectly cooked kalamari, and the delicious octopus. And while the grilled chicken souvlaki was pretty good, you're going to want to get any version of the lamb you want. The classic roasted is a slow roasted lamb that melts in your mouth. For dessert, you can't go wrong with the Baklava ($5.50), a rich sweet filo dough pastry with chopped nuts and honey.

This is stick-to-your-ribs Greek food, with good portion sizes and prices probably a little inflated due to its location in between the Eastern State Penitentiary and Art Museum. While the prices might prevent you from making Zorba's a regular dinner option, it's a place you'll want to come back to again and again.
I've been to Zorba's twice in the last month, and I envy the Fairmount neighborhood for having such a terrific Greek restaurant at their fingertips.

Both times, my friends and I have started with the Bouyurdi (broiled feta with tomatoes)... OMG. Addictive. I could eat the entire thing myself. 

The first time I went, the server suggested I try the Lamb Shank braised with red wine, and it did not disappoint. It was a serious hunk of bone & meat, surrounded by potatoes, rice, and other veggies.

Last time I was there, I went for the meatballs, which could more accurately be called "meat-logs" as they are more cylindrical than balls, but incredibly delicious nonetheless. Super tender and fresh, again surrounded by potatoes, rice, and veggies.

A solid and reliable great place to enjoy the BYO atmosphere with delicious, traditional Greek food.
Dreadful service. They definitely don't appreciate walk ins and made it clear. We were put into an adjunct dining room where there was absolutely nobody else seated and no music or atmosphere. Food was ok. No alcohol served. Would go elsewhere.
Fantastic! I love everything about Zorba's. 

I'm a huge fan of Greek food and also of affordable Greek food, and Zorba's satisfies both great food at a great price. 

The food here is so flavorful and fresh... The spicy feta?? Omg. But what I really love about this place is the service! 

Recently, I threw a birthday dinner here for my boyfriend. I was a little nervous calling to book a 15 person Saturday night reservation but the manager (owner?), Steve, was incredibly helpful from start to finish! He allowed me to drop cake off early and bring decorations, etc. but he also made the night extra special with a few tricks he had up his sleeve to make the surprise dinner a hit!

Aside from Steve's wonderful help, our server, Maria, was incredible. She had two very large parties to tend to and had a great demeanor and attitude throughout the night, even though we were a little demanding :) It's hard to find great service these days but its no wonder Zorba's is doing so well--it's truly a Philly  gem!
Went here for lunch and sat at an outside table. Despite the air of superiority from the burly Greek men that sit outside and watch you order like you're some poor confused American who pronounces it "JI-ro" instead of "GEAR-O", the food was actually very good. 

I got the gyro lunch platter, which consisted of strips of lamb, pita, potato, mixed veggies (cauliflower, squash, tomato), rice, and tzatziki sauce.  The lamb was succulent and perfectly seasoned and the tzatziki sauce was definitely the creamiest I've ever had.

It was $9, which is pretty cheap, but the portions were kinda small and by the end of the meal, I had more fixins' than pita, which is a disappointment when you wanna slop up the rest of your tzatziki sauce with something.
Delicious no fuss Greek BYOB in Fairmount!

We opted to start off with the Zeus platter which is perfect for groups, or those that want to sample a little bit of everything between the hot and cold appetizers. My favorite out of those were the calamari (perfectly breaded and fried) and the spicy feta was to die for.

We both enjoyed our entrees, I ordered the chicken souvlaki served with rice, potatoes and mixed veggies and my fiancee ordered the shrimp santorini. The chicken was a little bit dry for me, but the flavor was perfect.

There were a lot of options we still wanted to try, so I look forward to coming back.
A solid place to go if you are in the Fairmount area. The assorted cold appetizer platter is a good start and the roasted lamb is very good. Calamari was just so-so. The rice pudding is very good. Good service but not much of an atomsphere...unless you like dining rooms from the 70's.
I recently got takeout from Zorba's with my partner since we were craving Greek food and it was absolutely delicious and went beyond expectations!! We got the dolmades and caviar dip.  I've never had caviar dip before, and it was essentially a creamy dip (made with white bread apparently) that had a really salty taste to it, which went perfectly with the pita bread.  The dolmades were really good, the grape leaves were soft and tangy.  We got as our main dish the lamb sampler, and I'm so happy we got to try a little bit of the different styles of lamb they had.  We opted for a lot of the tomato based sauces, and they were delicious - my personal favorite were the lamb meatballs.  The meat was juicy and cooked to perfection.  To finish everything off, we had baklava as dessert (they were out of the other thing we wanted, which just shows that this place is pretty popular I think!) and it was flaky, buttery, and nutty.  They gave us a huge slice also! I felt like the menu prices were extremely affordable especially with what you're ordering and how much you're getting, so I definitely would recommend and will for sure order again in the future!
Zorba's is a great little place on Fairmount Avenue, right near the Penitentiary that offers delicious Greek food. There is indoor seating, as well as some tables outside for nice weather. Everything I've ordered at Zorba's was incredibly delicious. I have to say that the charcoaled chicken platter is quite tasty, and on the lunch menu is a pretty good deal because you get tons of food. Gyro sandwiches are also a great deal - they don't skimp on the fillings here like some other Greek places I've been to. Expect to get a pita absolutely stuffed to the brim.

But seriously, do you want to know the most delicious thing on the menu? It is their kopanisti (spicy feta dip). Served with pita bread, it is absolutely delicious. I am addicted, and often pick up a container to go if I happen to be in the area. It is not overwhelmingly spicy - just a little kick to give it great flavor. If you try it, you will most definitely not be disappointed.
Don't do it.  The dolma taste canned.  The hummos is just so average.  The prices are way too high.  If you have ever eaten good Greek food you will be so disappointed.  I don't get how this place stays in business and has been around for so long.  I really love Greek food and this is in my neighborhood.  I wish it were better.  

The regulars (owners?) who sit at the sidewalk tables during the day belch choking cigarette smoke that you can smell from doors away.  However, they are so sweet and super nice to my dog.  Really good seeming people.  I wish I had something nicer to say about the restaurant.
i knew i would love this place, i just knew it. 
my parents and i went here on sunday for an early dinner after seeing the Frida exhibit at PMofA (which was wonderful). we got 3 different veggie dinner platters- mixed veggies, stuffed tomato and peppers, and an articoke lemon rice dish. everything was wonderfully seasoned, fresh, warm, filling, healthy, and satisfying. the plates came out full and left empty. we ate it all, we just could not stop. the stuffed tomatoe and pepper dish was my fav bc it had herb rice and feta and mixed spiced veggies. but i cant wait to go back and try the eggplant dishes next. they also serve warm bread with your  meal wich was helpful at sopping up the oils and spices. everything was priced pretty reasonably i think esp if you share. i think two of the dinner dishes were 10 and one was 7. but thats the veggie dinner platters, which are usually cheaper. 
ok so the reason i didnt give it another star (and i would have given it another half star mind you) is simply bc the waitress was rude but in a "this is my joint" old school way. so i dont really fault her for it but i was sorta annoyed by it bc i was with my parents and had suggested we eat here. so that was sorta a bum out for me. and she didnt offer to refill my diet coke, which could have meant that they dont give free refills. either way, not cool. 
but ill def go back, esp to try some of the simplier food and quick bites.
I am from NYC and grew up eating at Greek restaurants in Astoria, Queens.  I've had about as good as you get in the United States.  

If you've had authentic Greek food, skip this place, it'll make you angry.  Angry like I am. 

Some meals I have and they are bad and then there's the rare one which I find insulting.  Zorba's was garbage.  

I had the Zeus platter - their hot and cold dip platter.  They charge $22 for this.  There were three dishes brought out - the very small dish had a mix of 5 or 6 different dips, the large dish had mussels, octopus and fried calamari and the third was a small dish of pita - not enough to use to finish the small amount of dips provided meaning that you have to order more pita for extra money.  

The calamari was low end pub grade, the tzatziki was brought in, the octopus was drowned in oil and tough, the four tiny mussels were in a very sweet tomato sauce and the dips were just garbage.  Taramosalata is not supposed to taste like salty yogurt - there is supposed to be fish roe in that.  The other dips, forgettable.

My wife ordered a shrimp dish, again, drowned in oil, greasy and cooked till they were like rubber.  The rice and potato with her dish, greasy oily again, soggy mush.  The serving portion was that of a half plate, tiny.  That was $20.  

The service couldn't have given less of a $hit that we were there.  They even told us that they would need the table in two hours so make sure we were finished by then.  That's how we were greeted.  

Like I opened with, some meals are bad and some are just insulting.  Zorba's is officially the worst meal I've had in seven years living in Philadelphia.   Better off going to a diner.
Great tiny Greek place near the penitentary and art
Museum. Fresh, yum Greek salad and the lemon soup was really good too. The place is tiny so you can dine in quiet and the people who run the place are nice and friendly too. Would return. get the baklava !
I only had the appetizers here, so I can't speak to the rest of the food. The complimentary bread here was delicious (light and fluffy) and we ordered the mussels + the plate of different hummus/dips with a generous side of pita bread. I found the sauce for the mussels a little too tomatoey, but the dips + pita bread were delicious! I would love to try their dish that they set on fire - the flames were at least 4 feet high and are quite startling! Will definitely stop by again sometime when I have more room in my stomach.

Don't forget it's BYOB! Would've made sure to bring a bottle of wine if I'd read the Yelp reviews ahead of time :)
Wellllllllllll I was really excited for some delicious Zorba's like the takeout place in Princeton. Sadly, nobody at Zorba's gave a sht because it was around 9:20 on Tuesday night, the sign said that they close at 10pm, there was 1 table with customers still eating, but they wouldn't let us sit down. How long does it take them to scrape some meat off a stick and put it in a pita? Do they have to go and kill the lamb, bake the bread, and then hand feed me piece by piece? I'm a slow eater, but even 30 minutes is more than enough time for me to down a pita. Hmm...won't be back to try again. Jerks.
Great food, can't go wrong with the gyro (yeero). Interestingly they put fries in it. Service was superb. Will definitely be my go to spot for Greek food in Philly!
Had a nice experience, the big sampler was really tasty. BYOB and really nice outdoor seating. The only thing that concerned me was I kept hearing a microwave beeping from the kitchen. What could they possibly have been microwaving?
We've lived in the Philly area for a little over a year now and in all honesty, the food options haven't got me craving anything, ever.  That is, until tonight. Our meal this evening is something that I can see myself craving on a regular basis. 

We had a fun tour of the ESP and decided to walk over to Zorba's for dinner, especially since we'd already paid for parking across the street.  I am SO glad we did.  We started off with the Calamari appetizer, which was good. It is probably the only thing that I ate this evening that I don't have to have when we return.  Our second appetizer plate was the Saganaki and it was super absolutely delicious and a fun show for the kids (if they're not afraid of fire).  We ordered the charbroiled meat platter (for 2) that happily filled our family of 2 adults and two 8 year olds bellies with a few pieces of meat in a to go box.  Every single thing on that plate from the Lamb, chicken, sausage and gyro to the potatoes and beans and even the rice was freaking delicious.  I'm serious, I even asked for extra beans.  They were fabulous.  

As if we weren't already full enough, we couldn't decide, so we shared two desserts.  The honey cake, which one of my girls thought was the best dessert ever.  And the thing that I can't remember they name- it's like a deconstructed baklava- very good.  Very very sweet but good.  It was just my tastes, that they had similar ingredients, so it was a little too much of the same kind of sweetness.  But, it is a Greek restaurant, and those are the flavors that belong there. 

Overall, I enjoyed this meal so much more than I expected and will definitely return!!!!
EXCELLENT food and priced reasonably.

We ate dinner and had the octopus, squid, and lamb - ALL were excellent.
This was my first time dining in at Zorbas and my family's first time there. We had a reservation for 10 on Saturday night and were seated in one of the side rooms. There was only one other party seated in the room so it felt private. The service was great from start to finish - our servers were friendly and kept popping in to check on us. 

We started out with the cold appetizer sampler - an assortment of cold spreads served with pita bread. My favorites were the garlic spread and spicy feta. I personally could've done without the caviar. I wonder if they'd allow us to switch that out for another spread next time.

For dinner, I was tempted to get the charcoal sampler again but figured I should try something new and went with the lamb shank in red wine sauce. While the dish was tasty, the lamb was on the chewy side and not as tender as I would've liked. However, no one else seemed to have this issue with what they ordered. The popular dishes at our table were the chicken souvlaki, gyro, and stuffed eggplant.
This place is great, prices are very reasonable, gyros super tasting, salad was fresh and tasty.  My kids claim the calamari was the best we had on our week long trip back east (and they were experts at this point) the Frappe - a cold coffee drink - is not to be missed, lunchtime - get the gyro pita sandwich thing its great, service can be a bit off but hey that can be the Greek way!
Wow, Zorba's Taverna  has the best Greek food that I have ever had!  This place is a gem, and you could walk right by and not even realize what you are missing.

Zorba's is on the small side, so I would recommend calling ahead for a reservation if possible.  We called at 8:30 last night, and after some back and forth in Greek between the person who answered the phone and someone else, they decided that we could be seated at 9:30.  

Since we had never dined at Zorba's before, we decided to go all out and try the cold appetizer tray and the Charcoal Platter for two.  We also got a small Greek salad (hey, we were hungry!).  Everything was delicious.  The salad was fresh, crispy, and refreshing.  The appetizer plate had two types of hummus, tzatziki, moussaka, and a few other dips with lightly toasted pita.  The platter was humongous, and was piled high with chicken, pork, lamb, gyro meat, a spinach patty, rice, and veggies.  I didn't try a single thing that I didn't love, and my other half was in a meat-lovers heaven.  

The only slight downside is that the service was a little on the slow side at the end of our meal.  Our food came out extremely quickly, but we did have to wait a little bit to hail down the bill.  Not a problem, and everyone was very friendly.  Prices are very reasonable, our bill amounted to around $45 for all of that food! 

Also, Zorba's is a BYO, so make sure you grab a bottle of your favorite wine on the way out the door!
Zorba's is easily my favorite Greek spot in the city. On top of having a great location in fairmount with plenty of outdoor seating, they deliver FOR FREE! And the delivery is super fast. Here's what to order if you need some suggestions:
Cold apps appetizer- sampler of all their cold apps and every single one is amazing, it comes with pita
Saganaki (if dining in) - fried halloumi cheese so it's guaranteed deliciousness 
For vegetarians: umam baldi- stuffed eggplant comes with a side of rice, veggies and potatoes 
I don't know what they put in their veggies and potatoes but they're the yummiest veggies and potatoes you'll eat 
For meat eaters: the octopus platter or the charcoal grill sampler
And finally PLEASE eat the baklava. It's amazing and everything you'll ever want.
My absolute FAVORITE restaurant in the city. I know the family personally and I love them they are authentic Greek folk! The menu is delectable and wide. Any and everything you could choose from the menu is the best thing to order, seriously! Whenever I go, I get the lamb and potatoes--YUM! The calamari is pretty great too.
Good service and quality of food; did not realize it is a BYOB; good on lamb and chicken dishes; not as much available for fish eaters
Of all of the things I find frustrating about dining out, number one on my list is bringing the entrees while the appetizer is still on the table. This is a mistake on the part on the part of the kitchen and the server. How hard is it to coordinate things? It usually happens in restaurants that are half full and the kitchen has time on its hands. Rather than waiting for the appetizer plates to be cleared, the kitchen occupies itself by making the entree and sending it out. The diner has three choices, to accept the dish and have the table jammed with dishes, have the half-finished appetizer plates cleared, or send the entrees back to the kitchen only to sit out until the server comes back to pick it up and serve it. We were less than half done with the appetizers when we were confronted with the choice at Zorba's and elected to send the entrees back. If restaurants and servers only realized how irritating this is for some diners. Of course you can lower the tip to convey the message to the server and send back the tried out food to the kitchen where the chef may notice it. In this case the owner did and brought us out a complimentary dessert. Notice to chefs and owners ... a free dessert does NOT make up for a crappy meal! Try waiting until the appetizer plates are cleared before sending out the entree. It's not hard to do, just be a professional and notice what's going on. Don't worry about fixing things for me. I won't be back. .
A little taste of Greece in Philadelphia, this restaurant is a gem. Will be back to try more of their dishes!
This place is definitely bigger than it appears on the outside.  I often walked by here and never went in thinking it was a carry-out place with some seats, but there are two large back rooms.  It is definitely one of those awesome family-run places with awesome food and not a lot of "show".  I took my friend here because she is taking a trip to Greece next month, and found our new favorite neighborhood BYO.  

We started with the Zeus appetizer, which could easily be a meal in itself if you want to try a little of everything.  The grilled octopus was phenomenal and the sauce was so good, I had to use the crusty bread to sop it up. I also highly recommend the stuffed eggplant.  I have never tasted anything so good and will definitely be ordering it again!  

Overall, great food, inexpensive, no frills neighborhood gem!
So I'm not a huge Greek food fan, but the souvlaki from Zorba's was quite amazing. The restaurant is a classic little Philly spot that doesn't look like much from the outside, but let's it's food so the talking. The people i was with, who do like Greek food, were gushing about the excellent hummus and Greek salad... 

I will happily return to Zorba's again.
Best Greek food hands down. This is my Greek go-to restaurant. I love everything on the menu but the grilled octopus is a must try. Very generous portions and the Saganaki is also to die for too. Quaint little BYO. Wonderful, and very good looking staff ;)

Only problem I have is the gyro meat. Its the frozen kind. Please don't deny this Zorba. I've eaten plenty of gyro's in my day. The only reason I am adding this in my review is with the hope that the owner see's it and makes a change! This slight discrepancy however does not denote my star rating. I am so very pleased every time I eat here, they deserve 5 stars in my book.
Yes, yes, yes!! So happy there is an authentic Greek restaurant in our new neighborhood. Looks like it's been here for ages. Best part - it's BYOB! The food is fantastic, we ordered melitzanosalta which is eggplant basically baba ganoush. Along with classic roasted leg lamb and octopus, both dishes were fantastic, very legit traditional. Can't wait to go back again - also very affordable for the portions.
OPA! Love love love this little gem of a BYOB in the Fairmount hood. The girls and I walked right in on a Friday night with a few bottles of wine in hand and had a wonderful experience at Zorbas. We shared an array of dishes such as the cold platter stocked with great mix of yummy greek dips ( hummus, feta , tzatzikii etc). It was a hit for sure- just note that it comes with one pita- the dips are very generous and the 5 of us had no problem sharing- we had to request more pita though (which by the way, the pita is perfect). The mussels in a sweet red red wine sauce sans shells were so tasty. The hot feta dip and spring salad were also just as good. We topped the meal off splitting a delicious slice of cake in honor of my friend's birthday. The service was very accomodating and the atmosphere inside is super cozy- nothing fancy,  has an old school Greek feel. All of this for a mere $15/person.  You can't beat it ! I can't wait to head back and try some of the fishes and meats on the menu.
We ordered the hot appetizer sampler, the gyro platter and the pasta Athena. Everything was delicious but I was a little uninterested in the gyro, it had a weird taste that I wasn't used to compared to other Greek places I've eaten. But my boyfriend loved it. 

The service was really great and our server was very professional but friendly and personable. For our two platters and an appetizer it came to about 60. It was a cute place and a good date night place.
If you're looking for a cozy, romantic atmosphere with a touch of traditional Greek comfort, this is your place. 

Zorba is snuggled in Fairmount in Philly, but something about the location makes it a hidden gem. Not only are you able to get away from the trendy side of Philadelphia, you can also find a nice neighborhood to enjoy quality food. 

I had the pita and hummus for appetizer- absolutely delicious.  For dinner, Avgolemono (lamb shank with artichoke sauce) I have never had lamb cooked to perfection. It was so moist, the side of vegetables and rice was so filling. Totally worth the wait for it to be cooked. (Tip: If you want to try this dish, make sure to call ahead and check to see their availability for lamb). 

I must say, Greek coffee really hits the spot. It has a very rich, chocolatey taste to it. And the amount served is perfect for ending your meal. 

I assume the restaurant is family owned and operated, including the waiters. We had the same waiter the two times we went and he was VERY accommodating to where we wanted to sit, given the restaurant isn't that spacious. Here's one of the things I really appreciated: The restaurant is always busy, and there can be long waits for when you come without reservation. However, while you are dining waiters do not rush you to get out or to leave once you've signed the check. 

Cannot wait to go back!
